This is a global news, special presentation good morning, Canada, it is about to kick-off. The 43rd federal election campaign will get underway within minutes. We are waiting for Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to walk into Rideau Hall in Ottawa the official residence of the governor-general, and asked her to dissolve Parliament, which will begin the process of issuing the writs of election. A writ is that formal, written order? Instructs the returning officer in every electoral district to hold an election to elect a member of parliament, and in this country there are 338 of them and whoever wins. A majority of those seats forms the next government. Unless, of course, no single party gets a majority, in which case we'll have a minority government, which is something certainly in play this year, we're going to continue to watch Rideau Hall there, hello, I'm, Donna, Freese, and thanks for joining us, we're so happy. You could be with us on this Wednesday morning, whether you're watching us on TV online or listening to us on global news radio, if you're a political junkie, there are lots of them in this country. This is your moment. The country is in for 40 days and 40 nights of non-stop political drama and, if you're not into politics, hey lek I, I get it. But here's my pledge to you. We are here to make this whole process as informative as interesting and as painless as we can so that you are armed with as much information as we can deliver to help you decide who to vote for, and in the end of course, your vote counts. That's what this is all about. Every single vote counts. It's your country. This is your chance to play a role in who runs it. It is a privilege and a right. Billions of people, shear Mike, look at sure is in London Ontario, where the NDP leader jug meets Singh. Is this morning and Richards us Minh is in Victoria BC. That's where Green Party, leader, Elizabeth May, will be kicking off the green campaign and our chief political correspondent, David akin, is in Winnipeg my hometown, yay, because he was involved in provincial election coverage there last night and in our Ottawa studio we have some wise political minds: liberal strategist, Richard, ma honey, the NDP strategist and McGrath jean-luc cook, his presidents of the Green Party and a candidate in this election and in Toronto we have Conservative strategist, Fred de Laurie, also in Toronto pollster, Darrell Bricker from it sews and with me here in Vancouver, is Charles Adler host of Charles Adler tonight on the global news, radio network hi there Charles hey. So, let's start with Mercedes Stevenson at Rideau, Hall Mercedes. We have fixed election dates. Now we knew the date was going to be October 21st. We just didn't know when the campaign would officially start why today September 11th, what kind of calculation goes into picking the start date for a campaign? Well, that's a great question is whenever the parties believe it will be more advantageous the party in power, so they're. Looking at internal polls they're looking at, do they have something they want to drop on the opposition or perhaps something they want to have avoid being dropped on them, and there was an awful lot of speculation around this Donna people thought they might go on Sunday. Then there was the hurricane out in Atlantic Canada. They thought perhaps this coming Sunday and the reason why sunday is that's traditional, it's usually on a Sunday morning. They couldn't do it on the same day as the Manitoba election and a lot of people thought they wouldn't do it on 9/11, but obviously they think that will not be a calculation for voters when they ultimately cast their ballots on October 21st. One of the interesting things I'm sure the Prime Minister is going to be asked about today. Is that report in The, Globe and Mail, alleging that the RCMP we're looking into potential obstruction of justice in the SNC lavell a scandal and we're not able to ask questions or obtain documents from certain witnesses because of cabinet confidence. They will have to suspend that investigation once an election starts if it was indeed under way. So they'll be questions about whether that may have been a factor they didn't want to go for as long as the Conservatives did that remember, nine-week campaign in 2015 doesn't tend to turn out well for incumbents, but they also didn't go for the shortest possible time. So here we are 40 days from Election, Day and Mercedes political junkies are saying they think this could be perhaps the most dynamic most unpredictable election in a long time, because there are five parties running nationally six in Quebec. What's your sense of what we're in fourth well, the term that I've heard from every major political party is the Wild West that this is going to be a Wild West election? No one knows what's going to happen and that's true of any campaign. If you look back to 2015 people thought it was really Tom Mulcair's election to lose, and instead you ended up with Justin Trudeau, who is in third place coming in with a majority government, so anything can blow up on the campaign trail. But here are some key differences with this election number one, the NDP potentially falling out of third place number two, the Green Party really emerging as a National Party that could become very serious and potentially hold the balance of power. If there's a minority government beyond that, you have social media powerful in a way that it never has been before. One tweet can go viral within seconds and we have the existence of third parties groups like Canada, proud that aren't political parties, but they are trying to influence the outcome of the election and that's where we also see things like disinformation and concerns about foreign influence that we really haven't seen in Canadian elections before alright Mercedes Stevenson outside reader hall, we're gonna come back to you. Let's go to David akin our chief political correspondent who, as I said, is in Winnipeg, where the provincial Conservatives won. Second majority government there in an election last night, that'll be a boost, of course for the federal conservatives as they head into this campaign. David you've seen how much the tide can turn in a single campaign. We watched that happen in 2015 with Justin Trudeau turns out. 78 days was great for him because he was able to go from underdog to prime minister. How much do campaigns matter in 2019, yeah campaigns matter a whole lot. I mean that's, why they do them and certainly think about to that 2015 campaign. We thought Thomas Mulcair was going to be Prime Minister in the summer of 2015. He was leading the polls. He was doing very well, but of course, in 2015 there was an appetite for change and eventually the campaign for the Liberals mattered. They were very effective in 2015, primarily using social media Facebook. That sort of thing to find voters get them out to the polls that was even the Conservatives will can see that they got out. Campaigned online gonna be a little different. This time, Trudeau has going to have to defend a record. That's a bit dodgy Mercedes was just talking about this RCMP SNC lavell, an investigation, that's going to be weighing on them. The Conservatives are smart and they've got a lot of money. They have the most money of anybody in this campaign. They're gonna use it to be very targeted with online ads ads on television networks and, as I think, we've all heard. They've actually got someone to write a song. The guy who helps Bryan Adams write. A song has been hired to write their campaign song, so they're spending money everywhere. They can because campaigns matter we're just gonna, come back to in a sec that David we're watching the Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and his wife Sophie Gregoire Trudeau, walking hand-in-hand to the Governor General's residence Rideau Hall, and he will go inside for this appointment with the Governor General, who will dissolve the 42nd Parliament and issue the Ritz for the next federal election, which will begin I, guess the moments those writs are issued. So that's a this is a formal process that takes part camera. It takes place cameras not allowed in there. As this happens, we do expect, though the Prime Minister will emerge and not too long from now and come out and set the tone for the for the campaign and take some questions as well. We're gonna hear from all of the party leaders today after the campaign is officially launched. David, let's go back to you. What do you having having covered all of the the ups and downs through this Prime Minister's four years in office? What do you think is his greatest vulnerability as he heads into this campaign? I think that the liberals were most vulnerable from the left side on the progressive side, listen they're, still working with Stephen Harper's climate change targets. Four years ago, Prime Minister Trudeau promised electoral reform. That's a real favorite with green and NDP voters he's been slow to take action on pay. Equity I could go down the list on things on the left side of the spectrum that he's vulnerable on. That's where I think it's it's going to be toughest for him. He is blessed in a sense right now that the parties on the Left are really fighting over fourth place. That's the New Democrats they're broken, and we heard they they still need 130 candidates and the Green Party is moving up. That's a strengthened Green Party, but you know if they win four seats. That would be a real surprise, so Trudeau's lucky in that sense that he's not going to see a very sustained attack on his left, flank and I. Think as they say, that's where he's chiefly vulnerable. If the Conservatives start talking about the promises broken on deficits, debt reduction, that sort of thing I, don't think they're going to get a lot of traction with voters. We saw that I think in 2015 that mild deficits, which is what we still have relatively speaking, voters have by and large shrug so tough for the Conservatives you're gonna have a hard time chipping away at Trudeau's, right flank, he's wide open on the left flank all right, David akin! Thank you, as we watch for the prime minister to emerge from rideau hall. Let's go to our Michael Couture, who is in London Ontario today, he'll be covering the NDP campaign. He is with NDP leader jug meet Singh Mike jug beat Singh only recently won a seat in the House of Commons. He is the underdog going into this campaign. Does he see himself that way yeah? He definitely does, and all of this talk that we've heard so far throughout the show, by Mercedes and David, saying that the underdogs in the last two elections were really the ones that came up and outperformed the others, his music to the ears, the NDP in fact Charlie Angus. You know one of those stall words of the NDP. Most recently said this feels a lot like 2011, where everybody count that counted them out as the third-place party. The problem is, though, if you look at the polls in the reality on the ground, is it doesn't look like they're going to emerge from third place whatsoever? Some have even dubbed this. They save the furniture tour because of where they're going and how they're going about it. Consider this sauna they've got a plane for this campaign. This national campaign, for only thirty of the forty days, the rest of the time they're gonna, be on a bus and they say that it's the concentrate in areas like southwestern Ontario, where we are now lower, B, C, mainland and, of course, Vancouver Island. Those are all areas where the NDP is extremely strong and whether or not they're actually gonna, try and spread their wings and gain too many seats is really the question, but whether or not he sees himself as as the underdog I think. The expectations are extremely low for Doug meeting right now and he probably relishes that and trying to prove a lot of people wrong, whether or not though he will connect with voters and whether or not he can grow the seat. Count here is another question altogether. There are some rumblings of you know getting the seats up to 26, that's actually down from 40, for where we are right now Donna, so they do have that underdog mentality. In fact, the back of his bus is the back of jug meat sings with his hands raised almost like rocky wearing a leather jacket, so he's trying to fully embrace that underdog mentality and whether or not he'll win the fight on October 21st is another question altogether. You know Mike David. They can mention that the NDP still needs to nominate a hundred and thirty candidates is that number did I hear that right we just heard from the party today they have 253 as of today, they're hoping as of September 13th on Friday to have 271 anybody who can do the math knows. That's well short of the 338 that you need for a full roster trying to get people to join. The NDP is a real question. Will they just be filling their roster with a number of paper candidates? That's a possibility. The part the party promised they won't be just paper candidates, remember famously Ruth, Ellen Barroso, InBev team asked you know. Jay was the one that one famous one during the orange wave of 2011, who was a paper candidate in one, don't think that's going to happen in this election, but they are having a really difficult time raising and recruiting candidates. And anybody who knows politics knows that's a real problem, especially during an election campaign, all right, Mike look at or with the NDP campaign in Ontario. For now. Thank you. Let's go to Richard's us Minh in Victoria he's with the green campaign. That's Elizabeth May will be making her debut in the campaign in Victoria. It's a real stronghold for the Green Party, which has become a provincial force across this country, electing MLAs in a number of provinces, more of a force of politically in this country, than it's ever being Richard a federal a. What really are the hopes for the Green Party in this election Donna, the Green say: they're running a coast-to-coast campaign, but really this is a campaign focused on the coasts, especially here in Vancouver Island, you mentioned provincial II. The Greens hold the balance of power in the BC legislature with three MLAs. The party is targeting every federal seat on Vancouver Island. There are six seats right now the Greens hold two of them. Those are six that they have their eyes on. There will be a lot of time spent here, those two MPs or obviously Elizabeth May, the leader and Paul Manley, who recently won in a by-election. The party is optimistic that they can make inroads here on Vancouver Island. Then you go all the way to the other part of the country where the party has their eye on Prince Edward Island, where right now they are the official opposition and the provincial legislature there. They have hopes in three of the four ridings in PEI. They also have eyes in New Brunswick, where they have three provincial representatives. Again. These are all breakthroughs for the Greens who, a decade ago had just one representative and Elizabeth May across the country and so they're focused and federally on New Brunswick. The one blip is Ontario, where a Mike Schreiner one as an MPP in Ontario and Guelph, the party and Elizabeth May will be focused there during the federal election to hopefully pick that up federally as well. It's been a rough week, Oh Donna for the greens. A lot of these sort of hot-button issues have come up and Elizabeth May keeps talking about how, if anybody's elected for the greens, they will have three votes. Oh Pierre nan tell who is now a green MP in Quebec came out yesterday saying that he would vote very quickly for Quebec to separate if he could and there should be another vote. You know national unity obviously isn't on the ballot here, but it's one of those issues that will come after Elizabeth May through this campaign, as she's asked about rogue statements made from candidates across the country through the campaign, all right, Richard Sussman in Victoria with the Green Party campaign. Thank you so much well. There are no lawn signs up yet but wait for it. They will be soon if you're involved in politics. You know the unofficial campaign, of course, has been underway all summer long. The party platforms are not all out yet, but some pre campaign ads are, and they lay out the slogans and the themes of what's to come. Here's a taste of them I got into politics to help people like the people, I've served here in Papineau for more than a decade. People who work hard to make ends meet parents who want to build a better life for their kids Canadians, who want our country to stand for something positive in a world. That's grown darker, conservative politicians of a different approach. When we raised taxes on the wealthiest 1%, so we could cut them for the middle class. They tried to stop us when we created the Canada child benefit that gives hundreds of dollars a month tax-free and regular families across the country. They tried to stop that too, and now we've got a real climate plan that will reduce and put more money in your pockets and are even trying to fight that the conservatives like to say they're for the people, but then they cut taxes for the wealthy and cut services for everybody else. In October, we've got a choice to make keep moving forward and build on the progress we've made or go back to the politics of the Harper years. I am for moving forward for everyone. My plan for Canadians, lower the cost of living and leave more money in your pockets. I believe that Canadians across this country are so frustrated because they're working so hard and they're following all the rules, but they feel like they're falling further and further behind or that they're barely getting by I have a plan to lower the cost of living, to make life more affordable, to leave more money in the pockets of Canadians, for their kids for themselves or for their aging parents. Because it's time for you to get ahead, people tell me I'm different from the other leaders, and I am I, don't work for the wealthy and well-connected I. Don't think government should be run for their benefit like it has for decades. I believe that government should work for all of us, investing in healthcare, cutting costs or families and tackling the climate crisis, not just saying the right things, but actually doing them. Now, that's different we're going to dig into those election ads and some of the party platforms with some strategists and much in just a moment. We want to remind you, you are watching live coverage of election decision, I guess 43 we're about to kick-off the 43rd federal election campaign, and we welcome all of you who are watching online listening on the radio or watching us on TV across the country. Let's go to our Abigail Beeman, who is with the Conservative leader, Andrew Shearer. We wanted to check in on that campaign. His campaign, a plane, is already in the air and we've just been told that it was headed to 12, Riviera Quebec, but has been reroute. It has to land in Quebec City because of fog. So right out of the blocks, the Conservatives running into a little bit of trouble not getting to the destination that they'd hoped our Abigail Beeman is on the campaign plane. She hopped on board at Ottawa Airport, and she recorded this just before she went on Andrew Shearer heads to both Quebec and Ontario today hitting two key battlegrounds on day. One of the campaign, the Conservatives will launch their campaign in 12 Riviere. Now this is a seat that the Conservatives have not held for decades, but it's one they've had their eye on for a while. It has been held by the NDP since the orange wave of 2011 and the incumbent is running again, but the Conservative candidate is well-known, a former mayor for that city. Now, the overall message of the conservative campaign is around affordability, the campaign slogan, it's time for you to get ahead, and you will hear ender Shearer talking about how he plans to make daily life more affordable for Canadians over and over again throughout the campaign for the next few weeks after Quebec Shearer heads to Woodbridge Ontario. That is a riding that the Liberals won narrowly in 2015 and it's part of a key battleground that you'll hear about over and over throughout this campaign, the 905 the seats around Toronto or the Greater Toronto Area Conservatives will spend a lot of time there trying to win back seats. They lost to the Liberals in 2015, back to you, Donna, all right, Abigail, Beeman, saying swell the point of campaigns is to convince you. A certain candidate and a certain party has the best plan for running the country. It is the party strategists who help plan how to do that and communicate the platform figure out a way to win your vote. Let's go to our panel of wise political minds and strategists we've just seen the ads and all the parties want to be seen as in it, for the little guy being seen as in touch with what the people want. All of them are already busy attacking their opponents too, sometimes saying things that aren't actually true as much as putting forward their own ideas: Richard MA honey. Let's start with you, the liberal slogan is choose forward, but the ad that's come on already keeps looking back. Trudeau even mentions the previous Prime Minister Stephen Harper a number of times. You know, Justin Trudeau beat him last time. Why can't he just let that go and really move forward? Well, because I think campaigns are about choices and in the liberal strategy to talk about choosing forward what you're setting up is a choice for Canadians, a choice between building on the progress that mr. Trudeau has had over the last two years to focus on the child benefit for more money in people's hands, putting raising taxes on the well to do to finance that dealing with the challenges of climate change, as opposed to what Mr, Shearer and the Conservatives represent, which is really a continuation of what the Harper years were. So that's a choice and I think you'll hear that dawn throughout the campaign, not just this week, but right and talked over twenty first elections are about choices, and you can expect mr. Trudeau to highlight that all right, Fred de Laurie in Toronto. What's the strategy to broaden the conservative tent and coax enough voters to take a chance on Andrew Shearer? Will you be touting his skills and policies or spend a lot of time attacking his opponent? Justin Trudeau I'll be talking about their plan to make Canada more affordable to help families and individuals. Of course, it's it's a challenge to not always talk about mr. Trudeau's problems that he continually continuously falls into. We found out today that the RCMP is investigating as obstruction of justice of mr. Trudeau and his government and Canadians are going to want to be talked sure, but we want to stick to the positive as much as we can. Mr. mr. shears going to travel the country he's going to be talking to voters across across the coast. One of the interesting things is we've already knocked on over four million doors. We've had individual conversations with Canadians and our local campaign teams are ready to continue hitting those doors and talking to people. That's what our focus is going to be just a fact check that a little bit I think the RCMP is looking into potential obstruction of justice. Not has not launched an official investigation just to clarify the Globe and Mail story, but how does how does the Conservative Party broaden the tent? What is it? Do you think that Andrew Shearer brings to the table that can do that that Stephen Harper didn't well. Mr. Harper was Canada six longest serving the Prime Minister. So let's not forget that he was very successful. He lost the last election. Correct Mr, Shearer will be will be presenting a very forward-thinking platform during this campaign will be fully costed and budgeted he's going to put that out and it'll be very appealing to Canadians and to its messages. It's going to be focused on putting money back in Canadians pockets to lowering taxes and helping every Canadian that they can all right. Ann, Ann McGrath you knew Democrats are not in exactly a strong position. As this campaign kicks off a lot of candidates still not nominated in ridings. In some polls. The greens are now coming out ahead of the NDP. What's the strategy to turn things around for the NDP well, first of all, I have to say that election campaigns excuse me are a really good opportunity to sort of level the playing field and give Canadians an opportunity to see the leaders in a less mediated way than than between elections. I thought that the campaign ads were all actually quite good and lay out the issues very well, and you can see that Janet sings campaign is going to be focused on talking about whose side, whose side we're on and I think that Canadians know the NDP. They know what we fight for. They know what we stand for. We know they know who we stand with and I think his campaign is going to really highlight that he's very warm and and has a kind of a very good way with people he's very engaging and his enthusiasm is infectious, so I think Canadians are gonna, get their first impression of him in this campaign and they're gonna like what they see and they're gonna see that he's he is in it for them. I think that the slogan is perfectly appropriate with respect to any of the challenges that the that the party faces right now, you know, I've been in a lot of campaigns and money has never been our. You know. We've never have gone into a campaign. Flush with money sometimes have been better than others, but certainly I have seen campaigns where we have been outspent significantly and still done better than people expected so I. You know, while I accept that there are some challenges there I believe that we will overcome them and with and and regarding the number of candidates. You know you talked before about paper candidates, I, don't think there is any party that hasn't had paper candidates in the past and in some cases those so-called paper candidates have not only one but have gone on to be really elected time after time and been excellent representatives for their parties and for their constituents all right and regrets thanks. Let me go to Jean Luc Cooke from the Green Party John Luke. Your party is the one with apparent momentum going into this campaign. The greens are polling higher than ever before in this country. You need to translate that into votes, and that means drawing votes from other parties. Who are you targeting predominantly a varies from riding to riding? We have some writings which are traditional, liberal strongholds or obviously we're drawing a lot of support from there. Obviously, the Green Party sees Canadians is not being partisan. The vast majority of Canadians don't subscribe to either or any political party, so we are really going after the voters who aren't committed, who aren't locked in voters who are looking for for a change. They don't want to hear the banter of a different political parties. They want to know how the country is going to move forward, address the major challenges of our time, climate change, being one electoral reform would be a great way to to address that and I think that the green party slogan really reflects this not left, not right forward together. My colleagues here, whatever the result of the election, looks like probable minority government, the Green Party is going, is going to need to work with all the political parties to tackle these problems all right. Gentlemen cook thanks and thank you to all our strategists, we'll keep you holding there as we wait for the prime minister to emerge from Rideau Hall and the Ritz are finally been issued in the campaign is underway before we get to that. I want to. Thank you all for joining us, for this live news, special on global news and on global radio, we're being simulcast a global radio to the home of Charles Adler, who has his Charles Adler tonight a program and he's joining us as part of our pre election coverage, Charles, so good that you could be here, and can you give us your sense of who benefits most from a 40-day campaign shorter than the one four years ago? Who has, in your view, the advantage going into this the the advantage when it's a short campaign is the incumbent. So in this case it's Justin Trudeau's liberals that the fact that they wanted to get it almost as close as possible to the five weeks, which is the minimum which would have been this coming. Sunday shows you that there's a little bit of a trepidation in the Trudeau camp Donna. In this segment that you just did, what was most fascinating to me was the conservative strategist because, right out of the gate, he was talking about obstruction of justice. You naturally did your job and corrected him and saying that they weren't doing a and obstruct the RCMP, wasn't doing an obstruction of justice investigation. They were poking around to see if there ought to be one but I think that that's what the Conservative Party will be talking about on both social media and conventional media planting the seed that the Trudeau government is corrupt and I. Think corruption is a word that plays very well in the conservative camp, certainly with a conservative base, and you know the the the wounds that the Liberal Party have suffered in the last year. Last four years have been largely self-inflicted, the SNC saga chief among them that the the the opposition only had to sit back and watch it unfold. Look you know the the opposition is blessed with a woman who's, not a member of the Opposition Judy Wilson Raybould she's out there. The media constantly wants to interview her she's got a lot of credibility. She had a lot of credibility at that committee. Hearing most Canadians got to see either the entire testimony that she off or sound bites of it they're still very available and they get downloaded a lot on on YouTube. So the fact that Jodi Wilson rebel did what she did and it would appear from the latest Globe and Mail story. It would confirm that there is a there there that it wasn't just a spat between Jodi Wilson Reybold and the prime minister and the fact that Jane Philpott also left also adds to all of it, but I think it'll be impossible for the Prime Minister to go through this 40-day campaign without being peppered with questions from the media and, of course, during the the one english debate that he's agreed to in the the two french debates, I think SNC Lavin was behind them. They thought it was, but I think it's it's very much front and center right now. You know I want to ask you two things about that one! You! You talked to a lot of listeners on your radio show across the country how many people were paying attention to the detail of that SNC level and story, because, let's face it, there is a lot of detail and a lot of nuance and you had to get deep into the weeds to kind of fully understand what deferred prosecution agreements are and all of that and secondly, how many people have already made up their minds. You know there are a lot of liberals who say well. People have made up their minds already. We don't really need to convince anybody else, because people have decided. You know it's a it's a fantastic question. The reasons fantastic question is because there is no body today, not yours, truly or anyone else who can give you a really really solid answer. We'll get Darryl Bricker on shortly from ipsus and he'll, give us some sense of it, but the the idea that we know what's on people's minds that they've made up their minds. That's why elections are so fascinating. Why it's why? This is the the great cup of politics? We won't know whether they made up their minds on this or anything else until October, 21st and the other question is so you're a disaffected liberal who has voted last time and the turnout last time was 68 I, think 68 percent, almost 69 percent, which is very big for a federal election, a lot of that driven by young voters and people who were energized by the liberal campaign and by Justin Trudeau. If you're, now disaffected and not sure you want to park your vote there. Where do you go? This is another fascinating question for the campaign, because the greens this week were a complete mess, whether it was the the hot-button of abortion. Even separatism came up yesterday, so the Greens seem to be all over the map. The NDP don't even have candidates and 1/3 of their their writings, and so you've got nowhere for them to go safely. No, no we're a progressive voters. It is disaffected with the Liberals can go and feel really really safe, that the Greens or the NDP have any kind of shot at power and when you're a voter generally, you want your vote to count. Voting for parties that are not likely to be part of the power play aren't terribly interesting unless people do start to believe them we'll find out in the coming weeks, whether or not there's a good chance of a minority government. If there's a good chance of minority government, yeah you'll you'll see if some progressive voters disaffected with the Liberals go to either the the greens of the NDP. At the moment, I'd say the Greens have the best shot at picking up voters and one reason for that is Elizabeth May I think Elizabeth May is one of the most popular political personalities in the country and despite the the gaffes this week, I would still give her the lead here, especially after the debate. I. Think Elizabeth May is a fabulous debater and I. Think she'll acquit herself extremely well in the English language debate and she is now the veteran going into this federal campaign right she's been at it the longest compared to the other two I think she's a relatively safe place for a progressive to park, a vote if, if they're not happy with Justin Trudeau, but you know a big discussion among all progressive voters will be. Do you want four more years of Harper, because that's how it's perceived that the Conservatives will bring back Harper? Well, those progressive voters who wanted to throw Harper the heck out, that's going to be a very important question for them and they will, if they're, not happy with Trudeau. Many of them will hold their nose and say vote for Trudeau anyway vote for the Liberals because they don't want the Conservatives to come back. You know there are a lot of people who think maybe a minority government's, not a bad thing for this country right. The average Canadian I don't care whether it's west, east or middle likes the idea of limiting power, and they believe that, whether they're conservatives who are running the show or liberals that they perform better they're more accountable to the public when the gun is literally to their heads every day in a minority situation, all right lots to have in the next 40 days. Charles were going to come back to you thanks Charles mentioned Darrell Bricker, so we're going to go to Darrell from if sews, because he's kind of got his finger on the pulse of what Canadians are thinking and feeling as much as anybody in this country. Poling, of course, doesn't tell a whole story, but it gives us a bit of a snapshot of where people are at and what issues are important they're all in in the work that you've been doing in the lead-up to this campaign, what issues have risen to the top for Canadians? There's been five that say, people say are the most important issues number one is health care probably won't play. A big role in the campaign. Number two is affordability which all of the parties are talking about right now. Number three relates to taxes, which is really a subset of issue. Number two social inequality is a big issue in the minds of the public, so progressive voters will be very interested in hearing party answers on that and, interestingly enough, given the focus of some of the advertising we looked at. Climate change is number five climate change. It could that be the sleeper of this campaign for a lot of people. It is the dominant issue. It is the only issue for someone like Elizabeth May and the Green Party, but could it rise from where you're finding it at number five to too much more prominent in this campaign? Well, it depends on whether the parties want to talk about it. Interestingly enough prior to us and see lava live and some of the things that have happened over the last couple of months, I was anticipating that it would be a pretty big issue. You've got one side of the equation. The progressive side that wants to talk about the carbon and you've got the Conservatives on the other side that want to talk about the tax and they really wanted to have that fight. But what's it seems to have petered out a little bit on in the run-up to the election now, given where the Green Party is going with with their position and giving where the NDP is going in order to be able to attack the progressive side of the Trudeau agenda, you might see it raise its prominence through the course of the election campaign. What about attitudes towards politics and politicians? Generally, all the parties have variations on the theme of we're in this for the people, which seems to be a deliberate sort of anteye elite message. Why is that? What is it that they're tapping into once? It's a phenomena that we see worldwide, in which there's a whole group of the population that believes that the economy is rigged? It's working on behalf of a very exclusive group of the population that decisions get made and the public really doesn't understand why they're being made or why they're in their interests and they've decided to couch it in these terms of the people versus everybody else, all right, Darrell Bricker from episode thanks so much we're gonna, come back to you as we wait for the prime minister to emerge from Rideau Hall. Let's go to Mercedes Stevenson, who is outside waiting for the prime minister, Mercedes you're gonna be heading off almost immediately on the 40-day campaign with the Liberal Party with Justin Trudeau. This will be a different campaign for him than it was back in 2015. There's no talk of sunny ways this time. This really is his election to lose, isn't it it is, and you know what it would be historic Donna if he lost it, because typically Canadians give governments after one majority mandate another turn it may not be another majority, but it's usually a minority and in fact only twice before in Canadian history. Has there been a situation where someone lost after a majority and getting that for the first time, 1878 and 1935? So certainly the pressures on, therefore Justin Trudeau, but he also has the advantage that Canadians recognize his name. They recognize his brand. He doesn't have to come from behind now. The downside of all that is, he has to run against his own record. Broken promises on things, for example like electoral reform, the SNC Laval on scandal, which was so counter to that sunny ways brand and the promise of transparency. And today, with that Globe and Mail story, alleging again that there's obstruction that there's not transparency in the government, that they're not releasing documents and there's people who voted for Justin Trudeau, and we know this cuz- they told it to pollsters- and we've heard it anecdotally saying they thought he was different. So they may not vote for him this time because they believe he's different, but will they be willing to give someone else a chance? That's always a higher risk in a voters mind particularly when they don't feel they know the other candidates as well, so an advantage in being an incumbent because he's no longer coming from behind, but also the disadvantage that you can't promise you're something radically different than the status quo, and it's always easier to poke holes than it is to build up so I think how you're going to see Justin Trudeau framing. This is not give me another chance or give me a chance it'll, be. Let me finish what I started. Let me continue the things that you chose the first time. Let me have a chance to implement them, and this really being framed as an election that is about choice. They will see the Conservatives and try to position them as going backward and going to Stephen Harper. They will try to contrast that against the Premier's in the provinces like Jason, Kenney or Doug Ford, particularly in Ontario, they will try to play against Ford's numbers here, he's not been popular and they will say. Do you want that federally? So that's the advantages and disadvantages that Justin Trudeau has coming in, but he's a very strong campaigner, because Donna remember in 2015, no one expected him to win and he delivered a significant majority yeah. It certainly came from behind back then I'm Mercedes we're just waiting for the prime minister. We've got a one-minute warning, so we expect to see him shortly and hear from him just quickly where, where the leaders go is indicative of where they think they have the strongest chances and can make gains. Where is he going today? We're headed out to you Donna we're going to be in Vancouver tonight, I'll be on that plane. There is a big campaign rally planned with a former. A television anchor who's running out there. A high-profile female candidate and certainly Vancouver, is gonna rank really high for the NDP, the greens and the Liberals in this campaign. It is one that they need to take any of them if they want to do well, so I think you're gonna see all of those three parties spending significant time out there, starting with mr. Trudeau this evening, and so British Columbia will be a battleground. What's the other big battlegrounds we should be looking out for so the other big battlegrounds you want to look out for are Quebec where we know from the most recent polling this morning. The Liberals are significantly ahead, but the Conservatives have really been pushing their ground game they're, trying to gain the NDP needs to at a minimum, maintains they've been struggling to do, hopefully convince more seats from their perspective to be able to do half decently. So that's going to be a major battleground, whether it's Montreal or especially up around Quebec City and in northern Quebec, there's some ridings in play there. That could be three and four-way splits. The other area is the GTA as we call it. The Greater Toronto Area are the 905, which is the area code. There there's a lot of swing ridings there and undecided voters and writings that flip back and forth between the Conservatives and the Liberals they'll be driving very hard in that area, and that, of course, is where drug meets Singh is launching from today he's in London Ontario. But this will be a really unique election in terms of seeing elections. Particular writing. Where there's three and four-way splits between the parties, we've usually seen a three-party system in many cases, mostly -, but those splits that could hive off just a little bit of the vote could flip ridings in unexpected directions because of the way that our political system works in Canada. And it's interesting, you know you, you talked about where the party leaders are going. The Conservative Party of Andrew Shearer is in the air, along with our Abigail Beeman and the rest of the reporters on route to troll, Riviera Quebec and we've been told that their plane was rerouted to Quebec City because of fog, don't usually expect weather to be a factor in a campaign. That's happening in September. You know I mean really if the winter snows a can be a devil, but fog has already derailed plans for the first day of campaigning for Andrew Shearer. That can't that can't be a can't be a happy day for those campaign that can you you wonder, you know the whole thing. Is it an omen? They'll say no, but no campaign wants to start off with a bump like this, especially when they wanted to pursue the SNC Laughlin. It's not their fault. They've not done something wrong. It's fog, but campaigns are funny things. The littlest bump. The littlest change can affect people's perception, they're highly unpredictable. That's why we go into it saying well, here are the polling numbers and Darryl certainly can speak to this, but you don't know what the outcome is going to be because of those unexpected things. You remember the conservative campaign, bus that broke down a couple of elections ago and it seen as a symbol for the conservative campaign. So nobody wants that they're going to have to try to turn it around. Obviously, it's a minor thing, but it's fascinating in politics. How minor things that there aren't even mistakes the campaign has made can be delivered and that people here we are talking about the fact that they can't land because of the fog, yeah they're unpredictable things, and you know credit to everyone who gets involved in political campaigns in this country. The amount of work and the amount of miles that have to be covered in this massive country of ours, which is you know, we all love and fantastic, but to run a federal campaign, takes a lot of energy, a lot of money and it can be exhausting so I just want to pay tribute to all of the campaign teams and the volunteers out there. Who are you know making this thing happen. We just got a two-minute warning that the prime minister will be coming out of Rideau Hall. We got a one-minute warning about three minutes ago, so I don't know, do the math anyway he's late, so not not. For the first time he has a bit of a relative for not showing up at advance on time Mercedes. What do you think is his greatest vulnerability going into this campaign. Everyone's talking about SNC I am not completely convinced that Canadians across this country had as much time to pay attention to get into the weeds of that issue, as as you and I did, and people who cover politics all the time. Do you think that that is his biggest weakness right now? Well, you know it'll be interesting to see, because the question is what's happening with the police. It didn't affect him when the ethics report came out, even though it was a pretty damning report, it didn't move the numbers in the polls because it seemed like people who'd made their minds up, had already made their minds up. They polarized on it one way or the other, so they didn't take additional damage, although it did damage them back in the spring, when this was all blowing up in the news. So that could be an issue if we start talking police investigation because that's a whole other level, but we'd have to see how it plays out. I think the bigger issue are some of the promises that he made, that he wasn't able to keep and that contrast between what he actually promised and what he's able to deliver like the bloom is off. The rose, I think we're just seeing the Prime Minister and it's Sophie Gregoire Trudeau, the Prime Minister, is walking up to the podium and we'll talk about his campaign and set the tone for the next 40 days. Let's listen I want to begin by recalling the victims of 9/11 18 years ago. This morning thousands of people were murdered in brutal acts of terror in the United States, including many Canadians. Today, as we prepare to exercise our democratic rights, we recognize and honor their lives. May their memories be a blessing to us all now see that we see a big new psmith dinosaur, every doe. How much for being here that goes, I stole your uncle. Please we'll Nix it on Corrections, yeah andand agreeing to dissolve Parliament then go to the polls on October 21st in every election as Canadians, we get to make an important choice about the future of our country. We get to decide what kind of future we want to build together in 2015, after a decade of failed conservative policy, Canada's economy was flat: economic growth, job creation, wage growth all were stalled thanks to a Conservative government that believed cuts and austerity were the answers to everything. The Canadian oash huazhi Novelli, Kip, Katie, Preta FST Danny Jean, which was an honor to invest in people in the community, weaker men team, which, even though we live in the best country in the world, always possible to improve. Let me tell you that we have a lot of work left again. We've spent the past four years, improving Needham bullet movie, and we have the track record to prove it. Poverty has dropped, the unemployment rate is one of the lowest. What in industries to sell sebastian and all that is our team? He group in austerity these and moved away from cuts and austerity that we saw during the harbor year. We decided to invest middle class and people who are working hard to get their knee in people's pockets by cutting taxes for the middle class and raising them on the wealthiest 1%. We stop sending child benefit checks to millionaires, so we could send more to the single parent working two jobs and to the family of five. That falls a bit short at the end of each month. We made the Canada Pension Plan stronger, because in a country like ours, seniors shouldn't struggle to make ends meet, we renegotiated NAFTA securing trade access to our largest and most important trading partner at a time of us protectionism and unpredictability and we're conserving more of our nature and ensuring that our air stays clean and our water stays safe, because we owe it to our kids and to ourselves to take care of our environment. These are things that are making a real difference in people's lives, and this fall Canadians once again get to vote for the kind of Canada they want to live in. We've all got a choice to make keep moving forward and build on the progress we've made or go back to the politics of the Harper years, conservatives like to say they're for the people, but then they cut taxes for the wealthy and cut services for everybody else. Me, company, Canadians south as Canadians, know full well. This is not the right way to approach matters. We are not going to get richer by cutting. This is why our government has decided investing families, workers. We chose to have confidence, the Canadian study and over the past four years, videoed the new votes of more than 1 million new jobs on a negotiated new agreement on help with provinces territories. We introduced the new family allocation, which is helping parents with hundreds of dollars per year, free of animality. Don't was brought out 900,000 Canadians out of poverty and under a Liberal government, the Kootenai devil Canada will continue at the end of the day. Politics is about people, maybe you're a recent grad or a new Canadian, maybe you're, raising your kids or living out your golden years in retirement. Whoever you are. You deserve a real plan for your future. We've done a lot together these past four years, but the truth is we're just getting started. So Canadians have an important choice to make. Will we go back to the failed policies of the past, or will we continue to move forward? That's the choice, it's that clear and it's that important I'm for moving forward for everyone good morning, Michele zillio with The, Globe and Mail, prime minister. What is your government trying to hide by refusing to waive cabinet confidant confidentiality, so the RCMP can properly investigate the role your office plays in the SNC wobbling case. We gave out the largest and most expansive waiver of cabinet confidence in Canada's history, news, even chiffons, Euler Sakina greens. That's actually it's wavy cabinet secrecy in a fashion. That's never been done before in Canadian history. So are you going to ask the Privy Council clerk to waive cabinet confidentiality? We respect the decisions made by our professional public servants. We respect the decision made by the clerk new respect. Don't do so. We respect the decisions made by public service and we respect this server. The decision of the Privy Council clerk to you come here today having four years after you took power, saying conservatives are not our enemies, they're, our friends and neighbors, and yet your party is fiercely attacking the Conservatives demonizing them I'm wondering how do you? What do you say to your children when you speak about Andrews share as I've said many many times, I do not engage in personal attacks, but I will be very, very sharp on distinctions around policy on how one engages with Canadians and the vision one puts forward. That is something that Canadians deserve in an election, to see clear contrasts between a vision that is open, inclusive and respectful of everyone's rights and a perspective that says there for the people, but then delivers cuts to services and cuts to taxes for the wealthy I just had to elect so I'm always going to be quite clear, I'm not going to make any personal attacks. However, I will be very sharp when it comes to policy. Difference for the country are quite different. There. Bull approaches positive and that cluesive and the conservative Pro quite frankly, is designed based on austerity and giving tax cuts to the wealthy. So we're going to be very clear with the Danes the choice they're faced with you have said you take responsibility, yet you disagreed with the ethics, find it report. Findings. You've got a McClellan report, but in all of this time I don't think Canadians have heard. You explain what you feel you personally did wrong. What were your mistakes in that affair? Could you explain to us what you feel you where you went wrong? My job as Prime Minister is to be there to stand up for and defend Canadians jobs, whether it's communities right across the country or pensioners or families I will always defend the public interest. I will always defend people's jobs. I've been unequivocal about that from the very beginning, and that's what I will continue to do morning. Teresa Wright, The, Canadian Press you've triggered an election today and you're asking Canadians to vote for you. Perhaps you could tell Canadians why they should trust you to be returned to power when we still don't know all the details of the SNC levelin affair. Despite numerous attempts and- and some of that has to do with committees, with a liberal majority blocking those details paper, we made a commitment to Canadians to grow the economy for the middle class and for people working hard to join it. That was the heart of the promise we got elected on. We have delivered on that by watching Canadians create well over a million jobs over the past four years, at the same time as 900,000 Canadians have been lifted out of poverty, our commitment to invest in communities our commitment to support and move forward on, giving a real chance to indigenous peoples, to succeed by advancing reconciliation, to move forward on, demonstrating that we understand that growing the economy and protecting the environment goes together every step of the way, and it's not a choice of either or anymore. These are the things that we committed to Canadians to do, and this is exactly what we've done over the past four years. We are the first to recognize, there's an awful lot more to do and I'm very much looking forward to getting out and talking with Canadians from coast to coast to coast over the coming weeks about our plans to continue building a better Canada as we all move forward today is the 18th anniversary of the September 11th attacks. What would you say to those who might say that it could be seen as insensitive to be calling an election on this particular tragic anniversary, as I said? In my words, in the beginning, the exercise of our fundamental democratic rights the moment to engage in reflecting on how we move forward with a better future, for everyone is a deeply held value with which we celebrate the successes and the tragedies of the past. We remember all the families, although individuals lost and the families affected by the terrible, terrible attacks of September 11 2001, and we move forward in pledging ourselves every day to a better, safer, more prosperous society for everyone and that's what this election is all about. You were quite clear in terms of the secularism laws in Quebec. You don't really like the law, you think it's an error. You come back to power. Well, your governments actually go to court against that particular piece of legislation. They're just well yes, bill, 21, I, think in a free society we should avoid legitimizing or allowing discrimination against anyone themselves are doing the protesting. They are actually taking the liberal, the the caq government to court. That would be our approach as well. We're looking closely at the matter, we'll see how things unfold, but for right now the project, if we think it would be counterproductive for the federal government to get directly involved, as I've said many times, deeply opposed to bill 21 in Quebec I. Don't think that in a free society we should be legitimizing or allowing discrimination against anyone. I'm very pleased that Quebecers themselves have choose chosen to contest this bill in court to stand up and defend the Charter of Rights and Freedoms. We have been I have been watching very closely the process I'm, considering the federal potential actions and, at this time, I feel it would be counterproductive for the federal government to engage in this process. Like I, said we're watching closely. We will continue to watch things in a timely fashion. As I said, we are following very carefully the process at this time. We feel it would be counterproductive for the federal government to engage in the process with which Quebecers are underway, but we will continue to monitor closely and evaluate our position. Good morning, Zealand with HuffPost Canada Millennials make up the largest bloc of eligible voters in this election. How do you plan to try to regain young people's trust, specifically those who might be disappointed, you'd promise to be different, and you turned out to be just like every other politician, I think Canadians of all ages, particularly Millennials, have seen the transformation of our country over the past four years, as we've both created economic growth and lifted people out of poverty, as we've moved forward on the most ambitious leadership ever seen by a Canadian government on protecting the environment at the same time as we continue to prepare for future prosperity for families right across the country. These are the things that young Canadians expect. Indeed, that all Canadians expect I very much look forward to the coming weeks, we'll we will be rolling out a very ambitious platform designed to help Canadians look towards the future, with even more confidence than they already have in this extraordinary country. For you boil a book this morning, could you give us more details? You said you're going to continue to watch things closely. What might actually make you change your mind and get involved? You know in a free and open society working the fundamental rights and freedoms. We can't legitimize discrimination, citizens based on religion or anything else for that matter. So that's why we're concerned by bill 21, CD, qubcois and I said earlier. Compactors themselves have already decided to contest this in court. They are defending the charter, rights and freedom. You don't, and so as a record myself and also as part of the Liberal government. We're watching the process closely, whether or not we need to intervene or not mehhhh decision pool is done. That's the state of my decision-making process right now. It may change, but right now there's a legal process underway all right, fine. But the question is you're the PM of Canada. Are you going to push it right to the end I'm trying to understand your overall thinking at one point? Would you get involved doesn't seem quite clear anyway. We can get to that later. But let me move into climate change. You seem to be drawing a very clear contrast between yourself and the Conservatives, the bloc, the NDP and so on. How do you think that message is going to get across in terms of the look Canadians understand full well that climate change is a real threat not just to our communities not just to the planet, but also to our economy, and so that's, which is already acting in terms of protecting the environment. We've done more on the environment than any other government in the history of our country, but at the same time we're helping families and workers to read to landry skill themselves for the new jobs that will be available in much more green and clean environment and economy. So we're working hard to protect the environment and to boost the economy has already shown this over the past four years. Do so in the future? It's really too bad that the Conservatives still don't understand that climate change is a real threat and they are gonna have to deal with it eventually. Once again, we're seeing conservative politicians across this country spending public money to deny climate change they're, not investing they're, actually saying look. The climate crisis is not such a big deal. We, in contrast, are going to show through our actions and our commitments that Canadians expect leadership concrete on the federal government in terms of climate change. That's the only way we can protect future generations and to retool our economy for the future. So what does that mean? Well, we are going to be very closely followed just to get back to the previous question about Bill 21, as I said earlier, we're following closely. It would be counterproductive to intervene I'm from The Canadian Press on the same issue. You said for now, so what does that mean? Well, I have a well that depend on whether you're minority or majority government look it doesn't matter. We will always be working hard to defend the rights of all Canadians, whether it be in Quebec or elsewhere. Really enormous Lee appreciate the Charter of Rights and Freedoms many Quebecers among those we live in a free and open society, and a lot of Quebecers are thinking. We shouldn't be legitimizing discrimination against anybody. What do you say to people who say? Well, you actually are compromising the values of diversity and inclusion, and so on. It seems to me I've always been quite clear on that I. Don't think, there's one in Quebec er, who is unaware of the fact that I'm the case bill 21? They know where I stand. My responsibility is that Prime Minister is to ensure that we defend the rights of all Canadians. That's why I'm very pleased to see that compares themselves are actually taking on the government to court. Is it because it's right next door to your former justice minister now rival, Joey Wilson rabble in 2015, we launched our election campaign by attending the Pride Parade in Vancouver and launched it right across the country, and you may remember that there were many folks assembled here today and in the press gallery across the city who decry that it was a terrible mistake to not be here in Ottawa for the election launched by the liberal campaign. We demonstrated that campaigns happen out there across Canada and launching the campaign in my second home of British Columbia felt right both in 2015, and it feels right right now in 2019. I can't wait to get out to be C to this afternoon, but I'm very much looking forward to getting right across the country in the coming weeks. There are a lot of Canadians to talk to about the important choice they're facing about whether we move forward or we go back to the Harper years. I know that Canadians are excited about the opportunities ahead of us and I am excited to roll up my sleeves and keep working for them. Every single day do medicai is also a 15. We chose to launch our despite the fact that many individuals said that was a big area of error on our part that we should have been in Ottawa alone, but we showed that an election campaign is a cross country affair, not just Ottawa eccentric, and so that's why I'm very pleased to be going to Bank over today. That's my second home. Actually in DC and I'm, going to launch my campaign there and the upcoming weeks I'm going to be Criss crossing this country to make sure I have all the most important conversations that can be had with Canadians. With respect to choice for the future. Are we going to continue to move forward? Are we going to go back to the Harper years? Tacking you on questions of ethics. How would you respond to their critique that you are inauthentic going into this campaign? I think Canadians know very well that I am focused on making the right choices for Canadians and moving forward in a way that benefits the middle class people working hard to join it that moves forward on reconciliation with indigenous peoples. That demonstrates the only way to build a strong economy. Moving forward is to protect the environment. At the same time, we are all in for building a better future for Canadians and that's why we choose forward now c30 moment all bunch of great Canadians. Alright, there is a Justin Trudeau shaking the hands of what you understand, some volunteers from the campaign who are there on the grounds of Rideau Hall, so people like aura Trudeau there with him about to embark on his second federal campaign across the country, as he said, he's heading to Vancouver almost immediately and our Mercedes Stevenson will be hopping on that plane to join him Mercedes. What did you make of this kick-off to his campaign? He was asked some pretty point-blank questions about the controversies that he's had to deal with self-inflicted wounds in his own government. What did you make of his answers, particularly to the SNC affair, and whether why he didn't waive cabinet confidentiality? Well, some very tough questions there Donna and frankly he didn't answer them. He stuck to his talking points when he was asked why he had not waived cabinet confidence so that the RCMP could talk to people. He didn't deny that the RCMP were trying to talk to people which I thought was very interesting. He didn't say, I, don't know what you're talking about I'm unaware of it. Instead, he said: look we've given the broadest waiver of cabinet confidence in history, I, don't know if that's true by the way. We do know that past governments have waived cabinet confidence when their investigations, including in the sponsorship scandal and Prime Minister Harper, did so during the the Duffy scandal, and there was an actual court case that came out of that in criminal charges. So there's gonna be a lot of pressure on him to explain why he won't waive it. He says he respects the decision of the bureaucrats who have made this well at the end of the day. It is in fact up to him as a politician as the Prime Minister, to make that decision about whether he wanted to waive cabinet confidence in this case, I, don't think the answers were particularly convincing, because this is someone who's saying he is all about transparency, and yet he is unwilling to give that kind of access that the police have allegedly been asking for and again I think. It's really interesting that he didn't deny that there have been questions asked there that is going to dog him right off the top. Also, you heard a lot about that Hillar ism bill in Quebec. This is a party that has been out there talking about diversity trumpeting themselves on that saying how important it is and how they are. The party that really supports Canadians of all backgrounds and the discrimination is wrong, and he says that, but then he also kind of contradicts himself by saying at this point. He thinks it would not help for the federal government to get involved. He would not help for there to be an actual federal court case, but he doesn't explain why that is so. Those are contradictions to his brand they're contradictions to his promises and I. Don't think the answers were convincing, so we'll see if they come up with something better, as the campaign goes on, but I think you just got a taste there of him trying to stick to his answers, trying to avoid wading into controversy and reporters not letting him off the hook. Well in the question directly, what did you do wrong or you know? Did you make any mistakes? He didn't even allude to a single mistake, which is interesting because we all make mistakes right, but I, guess first day of your campaign is not the moment to start admitting to any of them. No, especially if you say you take personal responsibility for what happened. Well, then, if you take responsibility, what are you taking? Responsibility for and I've talked to, experts to say, part of the reason why he doesn't want to apologize is because it actually puts him at legal risk if he does so because you have to be specific for what you apologized for, but in this particular case you know, he's gone from saying he did nothing wrong to he regretted things too. There were mistakes made okay, but now we won't talk about the mistakes. People look at that and they look for authenticity and they look for ownership and if he doesn't own that it keeps coming up. On the other hand, if he does own it, he hands something to his opponents for them to attack him on, but the fact that he wouldn't even go there that he was so overtly not addressing the questions that he was being asked. I think you're, just gonna continue to see those a questions being asked again and again, of course, the Liberals are hoping that the campaign's attention will shift to something else, but they certainly didn't want to touch any of that with a ten-foot pole on their first day, yep. That's for sure, I'm Mercedes helped us understand a little bit about the dynamics in Quebec. This fence sitting answer that the Prime Minister gave about Bill 21 saying you know he doesn't like it doesn't agree with it, but on the other hand, it's and productive to try and engage in it in any way right now he wants to have it both ways: I guess in Quebec- and you know that that talking out of both sides of your mouth might have worked in the past, where things are more localized, but now we're talking national everything's everywhere within minutes and even in our broadcast right, we're broadcasting all across Canada. There's people in Quebec watching this as people in BC, watching this listening on the radio online and he's saying publicly that they are the party of diversity that you should not trust the Conservatives, because they don't support that. There's questions about that. They hearken back to the so-called snitch line from the 2015 campaign on barbaric cultural practices that the Conservatives put out, which was very damaging to them. The whole niqab debate, the Liberals, have always been on the other side of that, and yet here you have a situation where this bill for those who are unfamiliar at home bans people from working in the public sector if they are wearing overtly religious symbols like a hijab or a keep up, and that really is very strong part of some people's identity and now, in this case, you're having them say that they can't do that anymore. So how do you come out and say: you're the party of diversity, but refused to officially challenge this bill, he's trying to divert it and give it instead to the people of Quebec and saying they're, challenging it? Okay, but where's his principle. As the you know, Lee the leader of the party that says they're the most aggressive on this and I think that could be problematic for a man Quebec, but they're worried that if they attack this bill they will lose popularity in Quebec and they need to win there. So this is about seats, not principles, all right, Mercedes Stevenson, we're gonna come back to you outside Reno Hall there. If we can a few, if you have to leave to get on the plane, we completely understand, but for that we're getting so far so good I'll, let you know: okay, great we're gonna head over to the NDP leader, Judd meet Singh, who is in London Ontario, he's just about to launch his campaign. Let's listen acknowledging that were gathered on the traditional territories of the UH national, the Jota nashoni had to wonder on and the wind at people's 18 years ago, a terrorist attack hit the United States and shocked the world Canadians reached out with compassion in care and I wanted to take a moment to acknowledge those who lost their life, the friends and family that continue to be impacted by that loss and the first responders who responded so courageously friends we're here in London, beautiful city city, I spent five years of my life. When I went to Western I gotta say it was a city where I spend some of my I had some of my best memories and some of my toughest. This is the city where my brother I came to live with me. I took him in I took care of him it's a time when we went through a lot of struggles, I had to work a lot of jobs to make ends meet, and it was during that time that a lot of friends and family stepped up and helped me out. They helped out with food and was support, and it reminded me of a very Canadian value. I wouldn't have got through those tough times without their support, and that's what Canadians believe in we believe in taking care of one another. Now you all know I, love, Canada and I believe we can make it even better. It leads to. They had a chance to speak with Jessica, Nancy and Jack. Now jessica is pregnant and a cancer survivor, and she told me about how difficult it was and how difficult it is for her to afford the medication that she needs without the coverage. It's crushing. I met gents, Nancy and Jack, who are both retired, and they told me about how they continue to worry about out-of-pocket health care expenses. They don't know when the next expense is going to come up. They don't know how many, how much it's gonna cost for dental care or if they need new glasses and then worried now, I believe we can do better for people like Nancy, Jack and Jessica, but we can do that only if we have the courage to take on the powerful interests at the very top. We can expand our Medicare system to include medication for all pharmacare for all and the extend it beyond that to include dental care, vision and hearing care and mental health services. We can do that, but only if we have the courage to take on the lobbyists and the corporate interests. We can build 500,000 new, affordable homes across this country and tackle the housing crisis. We can do that, but only if we have the courage to take on money launderers and speculators that keep out driving and cost of housing, and we can provide a relief for Canadians who are paying some of the highest costs in the world for cell phones and Internet services. We can do that, but only if you have the courage to take on the big telecom lobbyists and we can fight now. We can act now to take on the climate crisis and build 300,000 new quality jobs, but only if we have the courage to take on the big polluters and to end the fossil fuel subsidies movie bone doesn't behoove Ebola. We live in a country where the rich keep getting richer. The majority of the population montaj doesn't have access to the same advantages. We're both conservative and liberal governments rigged the system in favor of the rich leaving everybody else behind us with pretty words and empty promises. He said the right things, but he didn't do them behind closed doors. Justin Trudeau does whatever the wealthy and powerful corporations want him to do. It's clear, Justin, Trudeau isn't who he pretended to be, and, as you Sharon, the Conservatives are not the answer. They are gonna cut taxes for the wealthy, but they're gonna cut services that you and your families count on. You'll pay the price with an even worse worth, even more expensive health care and even more expensive medication, and even worsening climate crisis. Miss Amy, a shackle x/y, only liberal who will excel dear friends each election, the Liberals and the Conservatives to sue go, make a whole series of promises, but too often don't follow through. So when it comes time to choose between the interest, it is in general for major international. Their choice is quite clear: they choose the big oil companies and the big pharmacy companies. When you want different results, then you have to make different choices. So in this election it's a very clear choice: isn't it? Who? Can you count on to fight for you? So this election comes down to a really clear question? Who can you count on to fight for you when I was a kid? That's right when I was a kid I, never imagined that someone that looked like me would be running to be Prime. Minister people told me time and time again the things that I couldn't do, but now kids run up and say seeing you do this I feel like I can do anything not since / a tional. We have an exciting opportunity. Over the next 40 days, we are going to bring a hopeful message to Canadians that we can build the country of our dreams, a country where everyone has a place to call home health care when they need it, clean water to drink and clean air, to breathe, good jobs and a bright future. You know everywhere: I go I, meet hard-working people who wanted to be treated fairly and want to build a good life for themselves and their family. These are the people you Democrats have always worked for. These are the people I'm in it, for thank you. Thank you very much and I'm ready to take any of your questions start with sorry, CTV News over here, Kevin Gallagher. So mr. Singh launching your campaign, the polling numbers that we see, of course, are lower than those when Tom Mulcair was voted out of the party pundits are saying the party's in trouble. You know that you're gonna have a very difficult time holding on to what you have in the House of Commons. What's your strategy giving that context? Well, you know we're looking at what's what's going on right now in Canada, and what I'm hearing for people is that they're done with governments have seemed to continually prioritize, making it easier for the very rich and making it harder for them. They want someone who's gonna, stand up and expand our healthcare system. The questions that I keep on hearing about how hard it is to pay for medication really plagued me in and I think about the fact that we are in this position, because governments have chosen to make it easier for Big Pharma instead of making it easier for people and I'm, confident that people will seeing us champions want to put them at the center and heart of everything we do on that. Subject of affordability, of course, we're in London, Ontario, home of General Dynamics their contract that has the labs going to Saudi Arabia, a contract that you would cancel. If your prime minister, what would you say to workers here that depend on those types of contracts for their livelihoods? I'd say those workers that Canada has a lot of needs in our own military services. That there's a lot of need that we could satisfy a lot of contracts we can satisfy here in Canada, and those hard-working people should continue to have those contracts here in Canada or in jurisdictions, where there's not a pressive regime like in Saudi Arabia. If there's any example of a time when we should be cancelling an arms deal, it's in the example where we've got a country, that's alleged, to have committed murder of a journalist, that's involved in an ongoing killing of the people of Yemen, and that has been implicated in horrible human rights violations of its own citizens. This is the case. It calls out for ending that agreement, but continuing with contracts here in Canada, so that we continue to maintain those jobs. Excuse us a tip on Donald upload, this mangy name, because people are applauding okay good morning, so the RCMP seems to be having difficulty interviewing people on the SCN corruption scandal. If we're possible to interview those people, do you learn anything new, because what we have already learned? Yes, people have things to share. Ministers have information to share, but they don't have a right to tell their stories because cabinet secrecy, and so a committee are the RCM ethics commissioner. Unable to get this information, so, commissioner, says like he was approached by ministers. I wanted to share their story. Unfortunately they can tell it's positive because of the cabinet secrecy rule. Okay, so you want to be the champ. If you will for your average person, so does Trudeau. So does the Conservative Party so I'm wondering what really makes you different from others? Why should people vote for you because you're unlikely to form a government but Ness you not look we're gonna have a national we're gonna be traveling all across, but that's a very good question. Yes, the Conservatives said they're for everything your average person, but what do they do when they get in power? They start these cutting services and they do cuts taxes for the rich. They kind of help them how services take basically john Boozman, don't the full range of services that people need. So that's quite clear in terms of a choice. If we take a look at is always a struggle between the big companies and what do they promote the interests of the major corporations, so he was going to be there fighting for you, I'm saying: well, it's the NDP. We've always done so, and we will continue to do so saying Hannity, but Oh a CBC. Now till news I just want to ask you following up to Kevin's question, you say that you know we're talking about problems with the campaign already as we head in. What do you personally have to do to move forward and get over a lot of these hurdles? Well, we're we're showing people right now with our commitment, so we're committed to changing the way things are done in in politics. We want to do things differently and I believe it can be done. We've seen the past number of years, the record has been that governments in Ottawa really haven't responded to the needs of people. I'll give you one concrete example: when it comes to the cost of medication, something that is plaguing Canadians, something that people are worried about, and we look at the commitments made by mr. Trudeau. He promised to reduce the cost of medication by a simple change that would have just set a list of different countries to compare our prices to. He abandoned that commitment, and we wonder why. Well in four years he met with the pharmaceutical lobbyists over eight hundred and seventy five times the the great corporate interest lobbyists and as a result of that, he abandoned a commitment. That's a choice: that's not a happenstance or a coincidence. What we're saying to Canadians is this: we are committed to fighting the powerful interests in making sure people's knees are put first and that's what we bring I. Don't think that answered the question about you personally and the hurdles you personally have to overcome in this county. Okay, sure, you know sure I face hurdles in my life historically and I've I face hurdles, maybe now, but it's no different for many people in Canada who face hurdles and barriers because of their own identity. Women continue to face barriers in advancements in their careers, they're underrepresented in almost every sector. When you look at those at the higher echelon, whether it's in the corporate culture, whether it's in academia, women, are underrepresented. People are faced with barriers because of their sexuality because of the language they speak because of their identity, the religion. Those are challenges that many Canadians face and I can say that maybe I experience a little bit of what people go through and I hope people can see in me someone that understands those realities and wants to build a country where there are no barriers where no one has to face these barriers base and who they are. They can be celebrated who for who they are, and they can achieve the best that they can in their lives. Ilex battling all with the Toronto Star. The bulkier platform has been out for now a few months and there's some pretty big, likely expensive promises in it. When will Canadians see a full costing of the NDP's platform, so they can judge whether what you're promising is feasible or possible. Well I in terms of feasibility, it's really a matter of choices, I mean. If you look at the past year, mr. Trudeau didn't do a feasibility study before he cut the corporate tax rate by 14 billion dollars to allow the wealthiest corporations to buy corporate jets and limousines. He didn't study that he made a choice. He didn't really ask people or consult whether or Canada could afford to buy a pipeline, and he spent 4.5 billion dollars on a pipeline. That's almost 20 billion dollars in money that was spent to help out the wealthiest not to help out Canadians. We would make different choices with the resources we have. We take it very seriously. We take our budget very seriously, but we would invest in things like universal farming care for all, building the housing that people need making sure people are put at the center of what we do. We also have put forward some of our measures, so we're working with the Parliamentary Budget Office to put out the costing and one of the things that we've done announced recently is to pay for some of our promises, we're ready to increase revenue and to do that. We're asking the people at the very top to pay a little more, and so we put forward a super wealth tax, which is a tax and those who've got fortunes of over 20 million. The PBO has announced that that would raise in the first year close to 6 billion and eventually it could build up to about 10 billion dollars. That's a commitment to raise funds to to enact our promises as I'm sure you know, Kiran. Until yesterday, former NDP MP basically was saying that if there was a referendum, you would vote for Quebec separation. It should happen as soon as possible. I'm wondering what you think of that and what, if you have any concerns that somebody who obviously believes in splitting Canada apart felt at home in the NDP for so many years well, I mean with New Democrats. You know when you what you get we. We are a party that believes and working extremely hard to keep this beautiful country together, but at the same time we understand that Quebec is a unique nation that it's a unique place, and it's that's something. That's very special. We celebrate that what we will do as a new democratic parties make sure that everyone in our country, all the provinces, all the territories, all the nations, the First Nations. Everyone feels that in Canada they will get justice. They will get fairness. They can build a good life. That's what we're committed to doing hi, I'm I'm collin butler, I'm with the local cbc here in london. You, you probably noticed it on your way in london, has a pretty visible problem. It has a huge problem with poverty. Drugs we hand out the only city that hands out more needles than we do is vancouver. So if you were to become prime minister, if your party were to gain power, even even if it had a deciding vote in a minority Parliament, how would it help clean up a problem? That's extremely visible here, where you know: there's mental health and drug problems that no one seems to be able to solve. You touched on a problem that is really rampant across canada, but, yes, you see it here in london and there's a couple of reasons why we're faced with this problem, one there's a massive gap when it comes to mental health services, it's one of the elements of our health care, that's really neglected in our health care system, and so one of our responses to that is. We believe that if someone needs mental health care, if they need addiction care, if they need rehab services, they should be able to access that, and it shouldn't mean that only those who've got private insurance can get into a rehab facility. What I really believe is that if we develop a head-to-toe health care coverage, it should include massive investments in rehab and addiction services. It should also include supports for mental health services so that people can get the care they need. What we have now is a national crisis when it comes to opioids and drug use. We need to respond to that crisis. As a national crisis and as well with a health care response to help the people that are that are dying, it help the people that need help and care, and we can do if you make better choices. How do you make people care about? That? I mean there's people who have they're in full-blown psychosis in the middle of the downtown, and everybody ignores it. I mean no one's no one's talking about this in the race. So how do you make that a priority so that everybody's talking about it yeah? So what I've called for is I mean you're, absolutely right. This is a national crisis. If there was a thousands of people dying as a result of Zika, we would have immediately mobilized the entire country with mobile centers, to respond to that right. Now there is a national crisis where thousands of Canadians are dying because of opioid use. It should be treat like a national crisis I'm calling for that on day, one of a new democratic government. We would declare a public health emergency nationally, which would open up a lot of services and supports to provide care at the front level at the front lines. In addition, we would say we should approach this in a different way when people are dealing with addictions. These are folks that are deal with mental health, they're dealing with addiction and they're dealing with poverty. The solution isn't to put them in jail. The solution is to provide them with care with rehab with addiction services so that we can solve the problem and not just continually deal with the symptoms. We care about people and we're gonna respond in a way that shows how much we care and how much we can do when we work together. Watching and listening to live coverage of the federal election campaign take off. We are going to go to Quebec now aware. The bloc qubcois are running. Of course, five parties running nationally six parties in Quebec and that party six party in Quebec is the bloc qubcois. He Francois Blanchett is the leader of the party he took over that job a year ago, and he is speaking now. Let's listen: the party not have one evil eye. It will be faithful to their values, not as a province I'm messy, but as a nation, Asia people use a lead organizer. You will recognize as being like you, people who are for who is going to speak on behalf of Quebecers, who is going to provoke, affects interest. Who is going to provide some sort of vision for Quebec luring the phony forward? It's not a matter of attacking people, it's a matter of putting forth a project or proposal so for two Quebecers to be identified with those whom they elect. They have to share values. One has to do with a profound attachment to French. Another has to do with equality between the sexes and the third has to do with the right of women to control their own bodies. We would be responsible but generous when it comes to immigration and what we've seen over the past few years past few moments in the bigger pardon, we have seen there's already an attack on our values with respect to secularism, that's something that we inherited from the quiet revolution and we are going to stick by it. We also want to make sure we protect our environment within Quebec and abroad. So we need to stress that there are a number of issues where Canada over the past few years has not exactly encouraged Quebec interests. One has to do with Supply Management one has to do with how we encourage refugees. We wanted to let you listen to a little bit of the Bloc Quebecois leader Francois blasts, yet the block holds a ten seats in Quebec in the last government, Quebec, of course, unique in this country. The bloc qubcois unique party in this country created, of course, back in 1991 to separate from Canada so interesting to see how they fare in this upcoming election. We also want to check in with the Progressive Conservative leader, Andrew Scheer. We mentioned that his plane was up in the air when the writs were issued. He was on his way to throw Riviere Quebec plane had to get diverted because of fog and land in Quebec City, but we're gonna play some remarks that he made before the plane took off just so, you get a sense of the tone of the Progressive Conservative campaign. Take a listen well good morning. Everyone! We are starting off this campaign today, knowing two new things: one that the RCMP is in getting into possible obstruction of justice charges in the Prime Minister's Office, and to that Justin Trudeau is doing everything he can to block that investigation. So I'm calling on Justin Trudeau to do the right thing and immediately waive full privilege so that those individuals can testify to the RCMP at all. News of all I plea dish shows cemente this de beaut, the let comping hey the Chasse investigating into a possible cross. The Liberal government means to waive cabinet secrecy. My name is Katie Simpson and I'm with CBC News. Does today's story in The, Globe and Mail change at all your election campaign strategy? You know we have been telling Canadians and showing Canadians how Justin Trudeau has consistently misled them. He has lied. He has look Canadians in the eye and said things that he knew was not true, and we made the case that he has lost the moral authority to govern so over the next five weeks or so we're going to be outlining our vision for the country to put more money back in the pockets of Canadians and let them get ahead. But what today shows is that you just cannot trust Justin Trudeau. He will say anything to cover up his scandals and he'll say anything to get. Reelected and Canadians cannot believe the things that he says. Shishir dweeby went as we Canada I've got the default view. Okay, so missionary table this report. We saw true those support go down. What do you think will be different in this particular case? Well, this scandal is not a matter of impact on polls. It's a matter of integrity. Thus, justice Trudeau is Justin true to have the moral authority to government govern rather and over the next five weeks. You can be sure that I'm going to be asking that question of Canadians. Why do you think Justin Trudeau has lost the moral authority was pretty clear? I will also be putting forward our plan, a government which will live according to its means within its means, which will put more money in the pockets of your everyday Canadians. So that's what we're going to do? That'll, be our message and I'm sure that our message is going to resonate with Canadians and that in fact, Canadians want a government which affects ethic laws. Do you think the RCMP should stay out of things during the election? To that suspend its investigation, I would call on Justin Trudeau to waive cabinet secrecy, so individuals in his office can speak to the RCMP. That's my position. Do you believe the Prime Minister when he says he had nothing to do with a decision to waive cabinet confidences, not at all I, don't believe him at all. I stopped believing him when it was proven that he lied to Canadians when the ethics commissioner showed that he lied to Canadians about his role in this affair. We know that the power to waive cabinet confidential confidential allottee and the power to waive privilege in this case rests with the Prime Minister. That is clear. It's within his power to do so. He should do it immediately. He should do it today, you're heading to Quebec this morning. Will you stand up for people concerned about Bill 21 I've made my views on Bill 21 known it's, it's not something that our government would. Our party would ever consider at the federal level. We will always stand up for the rights of Canadians and the rights of our expression, the rights of freedom of really doing good morning, Mr Shearer. This is a lobbyist banovitz from CDC. The ethics commissioners report over the summer didn't really move the dial with voters. So do you think this latest development with SNC will well again this whole scandal isn't about moving poll numbers. This is about showing to Canadians that Justin Trudeau has lost the moral authority to govern and clearly the RCMP taking this seriously enough to start investigating individuals in the Prime Minister's office, and that's why it's so important that just internal take some personal responsibility and waive that privilege it's within his power to do so, but I'm gonna make a prediction he's going to lie about it today. He's gonna continue lying about it, just like he did at the very beginning when he looked Canadians in the eye and said that he had nothing to do with this, that the allegations were false. He then said that Jodi Wilson Reybold never came to him with her concerns. We now know that is a lie as well. He said that he was doing this because of jobs or headquarters of SNC lavell, and we now know that wasn't true either from the beginning of this scandal. He has been incapable of being honest with Canadians and he has consistently been caught in his own falsehoods. He needs to do the right thing. Waive the privilege Canadians can tell that his refusal to do so means that he is sight he is hiding something even worse. If he had nothing to hide, he would waive the privilege and he would let the RCMP do their work. We are lady who stinks with all that money. I said you know, Justin Trudeau was lying today. Yes, he's been lying in the past. He has the authority to lift the whole question deal with the whole question of cabinet confidentiality he's refused to allow his ministers to speak. That's because he's probably hiding something, that's much more serious and what we've already seen so I'm calling on him today to lift the whole veil of cabinet secrecy his campaign. We want to welcome everyone who is listening on the global news. Radio network across the country watching us alive on television and online I'm joined with by Charles Adler from the global news. Radio network, Charles, Andrew Shearer in serious attack mode in this campaign, launch making it very clear what he thinks about Justin Trudeau and making it trying to set this up. I guess is a very stark choice in in essentially who you believe he wants make it a stark choice between what he perceives to be utter dishonesty he used. The word lie just moments ago in a five-minute riff, he said lie six times. He wants to paint Justin Trudeau is a liar, and while Shearer wants to smile on the commercials and talk about putting more money in your pockets, metaphorically speaking, I would just want to emphasize metaphorically speaking. He wants to put Justin Trudeau behind bars. He wants the Canadian public to see Justin Trudeau as a person who might at some point be under criminal investigation and that the only reason he isn't I'm, just speaking from the point of view, what the conservative strategies are, though they're maintaining that the only reason there isn't a criminal investigation right now of Justin Trudeau by the RCMP is because Justin Trudeau abused his authority to prevent the RCMP from having access to the information they need very serious charge. Although we don't know what any of that would lead to. We must the RCMP were poking around there's, not an official investigation underway. So the the Tories will torque it to be absolutely the worst case scenario, but there are still lots of questions we don't have answered about the whole essence affair. That is certain and just and that's why I keep insisting that's the Tory, that's the conservative strategy to portray Trudeau as a person who should be under criminal investigation, but has abused his authority and made sure that that isn't happening. The media will keep hounding him on this The Globe and Mail had the first question: The, Globe and Mail went after him on it, and then you had Canadian press and you had others. I just don't see this question leaving and it doesn't really matter how many times Justin Trudeau tries to say that this is about helping the middle class and helping kids and all the rest of his talking points. I honestly think that this particular story from the Global Mail that they broke last night at the moment is blowing away. Justin Trudeau's talking points, and it's going to be headline news all day today and perhaps tomorrow, well, Andrew Shearer is certainly going to town saying Justin Trudeau's a leader. You cannot trust, judge meet Singh, also saying Justin Trudeau isn't who he pretended to be so both of his chief opponents are going to go after that relentlessly in this campaign. Donna. Do you find it odd that, considering how vulnerable the NDP is in Quebec right now, that judge meeting said nothing in French? He answered some questions in French right, but in his in his prepared remarks. That's why I don't think it was a mistake. It ought to be deliberate because he prepared remarks that right in front of his face in English. Nothing in French. That seemed odd to me. Yeah interesting I want to ask you about the whole idea of political leadership and promises, because, throughout this campaign, Canadians are gonna be listening to a whole host of promises. We heard some from Judge meeting today, unco stood so his ideas of you know: national Pharma care and dental care and vision, care and mental health care and affordable housing and all sounds fantastic. There's no price tag attached to it. At this point, we know from the last campaign that Justin Trudeau made a lot of promises. First-Past-The-Post. Remember that he said so many times is gonna be the last first-past-the-post election. Here we are in 2019 and we're back at a first-past-the-post election. He promised a balanced budget and even a surplus yeah, and that went out the window at what point? Do you sense among listeners to your radio show that there is a malaise, a sense that politicians just say a bunch of stuff and we can't really trust any of them. You know, Daryl breaker will tell you the whole truth and nothing but the truth in terms of issues and how people respond to what their most important issues in life are as a Canadian health care, climate change, obviously, affordability and and some others taxes. However, when I talk to my listeners, especially the listeners in Western Canada, whether I'm talking to them on the phone, whether they're messaging me on Twitter Facebook, it really doesn't matter when my listeners are communicating with me. Trust in Justin. Trudeau is at a low right now and I do think. That's why Shearer is picking up on that. That is Justin Trudeau's primary vulnerability, not just about SNC laughlin, but all these other broken promises that the question for Canadians in it, it might be the ballot question. Can you trust the Prime Minister for another four years? Well, yeah, I, wonder and I wonder too. If the ballot question might be just who can you trust when people are going in to make that final decision who do I believe anymore right? Because there are so many broken promises on all fronts, so I don't want to sound like there's a lot of you know: cynicism, Here I am hungry for political leaders to stop attacking their opponents and start presenting the a case for why they should be elected and not to defend the politicians, but if they had strong enough personalities and strong enough credibility with the public donor, I think they'd be making that case. I honestly think the reason they keep going negative is because their negatives are rather high with the public and they feel that's. The only way for them to get ahead is to push down the other guy all right. Let's thanks so much Charles. Let's go to our panel of strategists I'm interested in their takes on this Richard Matt honey. What is it about? A kind of you know, malaise about leadership and who you can trust. As a politician, are we in a in a bit of a crisis? Do you think when it comes to that I, don't know that we're in a crisis Donna but I, do think your points, well-taken I, think Canadians are skeptical about politicians and what they say and what they do. Whether they'll say everything they say what they will do, even politicians with the best of intentions, but when they run for office and make commitments to their constituents find out when they get in office that maybe it's not so easy to make the changes that they said. The other thing I think you're. Putting your your your finger on here is politicians. Will UN Charles have been pointing that politicians will say lots of things to get elected? Mr. schirra there was making some, rather, let's call them exaggerated claims and in in polite company that would that could be called lies. Canadians are skeptical, I. Think about that from all politicians and I think we're also skeptical not just about our politicians but about all the institutions in our society and whether or not they're organized in a way that helps us get by and so forth. So it's part of a larger trend. It's a concerning what it's not good for Canadian politics, if that's there, but I would say this I, don't think it's particularly new I, don't think that's unique to this set of politicians or this leadership. Well, yes, I know it's not new you're, absolutely right about that I, just long for a time when we can listen to party platforms and not listen to attacks on what and what the other leader has done wrong over and over and over again that's what I, I guess when I Fred to Lauri. Let me ask you what you think the tone of this campaign will be fairly negative out of the blocks today. Is that what we can expect lots of attacks? Well, campaigns take on a life of their own as they go as we've seen today. This wasn't the plan I'm sure of it. There was no. This morning, mr. shear would prefer to be talking about his platform in his plan, but this news story is quite significant, so that shifts and at the same time it is important that politicians do take on these issues and contrast themselves. You can't only talk about your plan. You do have to compare it to the other plans and to the other leaders. So it is. It is a part of the campaign how the tone will go throughout this campaign. We'll have to see I mean it can all go away fairly easily. If mr. Trudeau just lets these people speak to the RCMP and gives the documents I was requested, how much do you think trust might be the ballot question? The leader which leader, can you trust again? It depends how this campaign evolves. If that's the case, if that becomes the ballot question, Mr Shearer is going to be a wonderful shape to get a very large majority government by the way day, one is looking, but again a lot. It's going to happen in the next 40 days sure will okay Fred to Lori. Thank you. So much we're going to go to Victoria now, Elizabeth May, leader of the Green Party, is kicking off her campaign there. Let's listen in now, so everyone in this room. What do we say? Yes, yes, yep see hi stuck to all of you. I took I, took at just EC, don't settle here today. I would like to thank you from the bottom of my heart for participating so early in the morning with the territorial acknowledgment before we went to national television, but I want to say again how honored I am to stand on unceded territory of the song bees of the ascribes of the Coast Salish people of this territory on which we are honored to live. - I, also javadekar como, se off, while Saosin I'm going to speak briefly in French about indigenous rights. September 11th is a hard day because my kids were in New York at the time and it's a big trauma so Maday we're launching the campaign. So all my love and all my thoughts to everyone touched by the tragedy. 18 years ago, September 11th and a particular big shout out to Sasha and Christy I love. You guys it's a tough day but I'm off to the races. Then I got to do it, so there you go. This is the most important election in Canadian history. This is a chance for Canada and for Canadian citizens to decide, maybe for the first time in their lives. The first time in our lives that what matters most is that we vote for what we believe in and vote for what we want. What Greens will do in this campaign? All of the candidates standing with me here on stage. Oh hey student, climate strikers come up here and join us, come on our pledge. Our pledge as adults is that we will never abandon our children. The party veil said fair and long gosh. The Green Party is committed to protect the future for our children and our grandchildren, and this is not up for negotiation period. We are committed to protect our society, our planet, our nature and our children. We have to act against climate change. How serious the climate emergency really is, and we do the work in order not to create fear. We do that in order to give everyone hope. We have a plan, we know this is a climate emergency and we don't just use the words about understanding their meaning. How could we in Parliament have passed a motion? June 17th, that we're in a climate emergency and the next day our government committed to spend 13 billion dollars on the Trans Mountain pipeline to drive up greenhouse gases? We will continue to stand firm. We will hold the line. No one can dissuade us from seeing clearly that we need to move away from fossil fuels as quickly as possible and that's Mission Possible news of our plan is the pencil. We have a plan, it's called Mission Possible and it is possible. We can eliminate our dependence on fossil fuels and in the time that we need to do it, we have like 12 to 15 years to do so. We have no choice. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has given us to do this. We have to jettison partisanship what has blocked us from action since 1992 when Canada signed the Framework Convention on Climate Change, it's been petty, short-term political considerations that clouded the thought processes of people who knew better. It's time for every so-called leader of every party to join us and accept the targets that are driven by science, not by politics, driven by courage, not by fear driven by hope for our children's future and an absolutely solid resolve that nothing matters more than ensuring our children and grandchildren can live out their natural lifetimes in this beautiful country, with a civilization that supports us safely moment. Knowing what you know that we have to commit ourselves to an overall Society project, it's clear. We have to work together in a non-partisan fashion period. We have to work hard to make sure just like we did during the Second World War work together. We need an internal cabinet that can absolutely commit across party lines to doing what we have to do. We can transform our economy. We can transform our economy, we can move to an economy with a hundred percent renewable energy feeding an electricity grid. Our national infrastructure energy needs are not pipelines. It's a Canadian grid strategy to ensure creating way more jobs than any other party is talked about. We'll have millions of jobs created in retrofitting all our buildings for energy efficiency, in building that east west and north electricity grid in turning over and shutting down fossil fuels and turning on the Sun, the wind, the tides, the streams we can be 100% renewable energy by 2030, it's a job. We have to do and to be clear to be very clear. That means no new pipelines banning fracking. We don't need a single new piece of fossil fuel infrastructure, but we do need to protect Canadian workers we'll do that by starting by cutting off the foreign oil and given the human rights record of Saudi Arabia I won't mind one bit telling mr. Irving he can't get by Saudi oil anymore for the st. John, New Brunswick refinery and we'll find him a source from Hibernia. Instead, our agenda is big: it is human rights, it's also social justice. It is universal pharmacare, it is childcare. It is making sure that our students don't have to pay tuition anymore and our universities don't have to go cap in hand to ask corporations to give them chairs in the area of corporate profits. For that industry, that's over, we are clear, as greens maintenant you come yeah. We understand fully well that we have to eliminate the hold that our transnational corporations have on our society. It's perverse, and it is in fact what a lot of regulators refer to the industry they regulate as their clients. We are the clients of the government of canada. We are the owners of the government of canada. We are the citizens of this country. It comes come sit where, as citizens of this country, we demand that our government works for us not for them, and we know that we cannot achieve a world, that's safe and secure for our children and ignore injustice. That's why the center of everything we do will be respect for the United Nations declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples and a fight, a real fight for reconciliation that we will not give up till ever again. We also stand for something else. We are early you're talking about how hard we work we're a hard-working crew. No, that's my that's! My belts are telling me: we are a hard-working crew. Every single Green Party Canada across this country is prepared to roll up their sleeves and work to get it done for our kids. For our friends for our neighbors forgot to turn back when Granta says the house is on fire, the appropriate response from grown-up leadership is to say all the little ones go out quickly and get to safety. We've got this we'll call. 9-1-1 will put out the fire we'll deal with this and the people in this country who don't understand. This is serious if I have to I'm going to throw you over my shoulders and take you out of the burning building, because we're gonna save you too. So two Canadians I ask you to consider how much happier will be with your vote when you know you're voting for a candidate, a party and a leader who has your back? Who earns your trust? Who never lets you down? Who never makes a promise? We can't keep all of our promises are being costed by the Parliamentary Budget Office, all of them. No other party can say that we are going to present our platform and we're going to present the budget after PBO finishes with it. We gave them the numbers in June by the way it's taking a while. We have a lot of things we're committed to including what I've mentioned in terms of pharmacare and universal child care and making sure that we can bring in a guaranteed livable income by mid-century. So we eliminate poverty in this country for good new some new, some new. We are committed to protect our society to protect the future, to protect all the workers who are currently concerned about the future, most blessed of people on the planet, because we're Canadians and we believe in our heart of hearts, as greens, that, by working together across party lines and asking Canadians to think about, if you really want to change how things look, please change your vote and elect a green government to Canada. Thank you so we're gonna go. We have. We have a question over here. I think it's! It's great vote screens grow votes. We are going to be earning the vote of every Canadian. Who is sick of their old choices or more likely who's motivated by recognizing that the climate emergency we saw in 2015 is now multiple climate emergencies from coast to coast to coast? We need to act, we need to act in a way that reflects my seriousness of purpose. This is not a campaign slogan. It's not a short-term commitment, it's something that upon which the whole world could depend on Canadian leadership. If only we got our act together, because right now we are laggards so what's different from last time. Well, for one thing, we have a lot more greens, elected across Canada official opposition of Prince David Ireland, Paul, Manley elected in Nanaimo. Ladies myth, we have a stronger base across this country with more volunteers, ready to elect greens in New Brunswick in Nova Scotia in Prince, Edward Island in Quebec, and a lot in British Columbia. So we're pretty excited, oh and Ontario. Sorry, Ontario whoa go Wells, go Steve, picked, I did not forget Ontario I'm glad. You asked the question Richard, because I've never been so baffled by questions about things about which I thought I've been clear for forever. The Green Party is 100% solvent that we will not retreat one inch from a woman's right to a legal and safe abortion. Ever that is a commitment we will not let candidates break a sacred pledge and every MP who signs the as Paul and I have done signs the role to become an MP, takes an oath to support, defend and protect Canada I, don't know how the block Heath's get around that in their head, but I won't. Let any of my candidates get around it in their head. It's a pledge! I'm the oak. There are only two members of parliament: who've been honored with the Order of Canada I'm, one of them I will fight for my country, and there is no risk whatsoever that a green MP would fight for separation. We fight for Canada all my conversations with him he's not a separatist he's. A strong Quebec er within the context of Canada I, listened to his interview with the Quebec radio station many times listening and he kept saying I'm a strong Quebec er in the context of Canada. So we will I'll be talking to Pierre to make sure, because we will not have a candidate who thinks they can work to break up our country, that's not on. We are first and well, first and foremost, no other nowhere. The party leaders gonna say this, but are you ready? First and foremost, we are earthlings and I know, there's some there's some billionaires, who want to go to Mars and start a settlement. I think we want to do a GoFundMe campaign and send them now so, but in all seriousness we are British Columbians in this room. We are strong British Columbians, but we believe Canada is a family. I loathe the strategies that have been going on between Alberta and BC provincially to make people think we're different. We love albertans they're, our family, we love, Albertans, hey no ad News, News mo performed them on and we profoundly love our Quebec family I love speaking in French I do the best. I can I'm not great at it, but I love the sound of the language and I love the Quebec, ambience and culture I mean you know, I'm, not perfectly bilingual, but I'm making my best effort. It's very clear. The Green Party is in Quebec for Quebec. We love Quebecers, very deeply, but in we're all part of the same family we're a part of the same Canadian family Marc. Just so you know, I'm, not honestly, Christine I'm. More than ready, we are I'm. A seasoned campaigner I have more experience campaigning than any other leaders. I watched their Kela days after they're, prepared statements and I mean I mine had a lot of preparation. I may have thought of it. While Paul was talking actually my statement, we don't duck questions, we answer them honestly. Sometimes my honest answers run on too long. I am not prepared to change the way. I speak or the way our candidates are encouraged to be themselves. That's all I ask of our candidates. Tell the truth. Be yourself work hard to be nice to the other guys, because we live on the high road. We don't go low, so women get attacked. Okay, clarify, explain, what's true, explain what our policies are and move on, because we've got real issues to talk about, and these are distractions it's important to stand up and make it clear that we condemn racism, it's important to stand up and say when we say we don't whip votes, that's because we believe in democracy and by the way green parties around the world. Do this we work by consensus. We listen to each other. We trust each other and, as I think, is evident up here right across 338 candidates across Canada. We love each other. We are a family too, and we want to make sure that I certainly want as leader. My job is to be the chief spokesperson. We deliberately made it as the Green Party of Canada was founded on the same principles as greens around the world, a leader can never be a dictator, a leader can't be in it for power for themselves. A leader is in it in the principles of servant, leadership to work for this country as hard as we can that's the job. So things have been taken out of context for sure I hope I can put it all to bed right now, repeating once again all candidates, 1 put your hand up on your heart. Put your hand on your heart way. Well, never allow any retreat from a woman's right to a safe and legal abortion, dad all right, we're gonna break away from Elizabeth May, and now our Richards us Minh is in the room they're in Victoria Richards. She is the veteran campaigner in this election she's been leader of the Green Party since 2011. She certainly seems the most upbeat of all the leaders who launched today. What's your sense of her campaign strategy, yeah Donna, the campaign strategy is to get in front of as many Canadians as possible, but to really focus here on Vancouver Island, where they believe they can have a major breakthrough based on the polls. They've been seeing and focus on the other side of the country. You heard Elizabeth May, there mention the provinces in which the Greens have elected provincial representatives, Nova Scotia, New, Brunswick, Prince, Edward, Island, one in Ontario and obviously three here in BC, where they hold the balance of power. You're, also going to see a lot of off-the-cuff in Richards Essman with the Green Party campaign in Victoria. Thank you. We look forward to following that entire campaign and we're going to wrap up now just get some final thoughts from our Charles Adler from Global Radio News Network Charles, your thoughts on where we're headed 40 days ahead of us we're gonna, get a lot of information thrown at us Canadians. At the end of the day. I have to make a choice. How do you think the campaign is shaping up it's shaping up, but to me Donna, based on everything we saw today as two campaigns: one an incredibly hostile negative campaign: Shearer vs, Trudeau, okay, that's sort of them the main event. The other event is for some people just as interesting and that's the event aimed at the progressive voters who do not want to vote for the Liberals and that's Elizabeth May versus jugman, Singh and Elizabeth. May is fourth people who didn't watching last few minutes. They don't have to have you or me tell him Elizabeth May is all passion, she's, all conviction, she's all fun she's, all in and she says, she's not fully bilingual, which she isn't, but she did speak in both languages and her prepared remarks. Jagweeds Singh did not that'll, be analyzed today, probably to death, maybe too much, but the point is Elizabeth may wants to be seen as the national progressive leader of the Green, Party and I think she did the best today. As far as presentation, she has made it clear just very quickly. She doesn't want to form a majority government. That's true. She realizes that's pie in the sky. Possibly minority holding the violence of power could give the Green Party a lot of sway. Well, you know she's speaking today in in Victoria and as Richard Sussman of our crew and British Columbia said she. According to polls is looking at a major breakthrough on Vancouver Island. If she gets a breakthrough there and she gets a few breakthroughs and a few breaks and other parts of the country she could be holding the balance of power all right, Charles out there thanks 40 days ahead. That concludes our Global News special coverage of the 43rd federal election call it's the politicians of making their pitches. It's our job, to help you sift through all of it and make a decision whether you're, watching on a local global station. Listening on radio or following us online. Thanks for watching and listening bye-bye. This has been a special presentation from Global News. You.