They are carefree moments captured of two young travelers in love and ready to hit the road security footage showing 23 year old, Lucas, Fowler and 24 year old, Chyna, DS buying snacks and paying for gas unaware that a horrific chain of events is set to take place. Police now believe that, at some point after leaving this gas station, the Australian man and his American girlfriend encountered two BC teenagers, who have become the only suspects in their death. Given these latest developments, cam and briar are no longer considered missing. The RCMP are now considering cam McCloud and briars Miguel ski as suspects. The men are believed to be on the run last spotted driving a gray, 2011 Toyota rav4 somewhere in northern Saskatchewan early in the morning of Monday July 15th, the bodies of Fowler and Dee's were found near their van along highway 97. Nearly art, River, Hot, Springs police, have confirmed the young couple was shot. Then, on Friday police responded to another crime scene about 470 kilometers away there. They found the vehicle that cab, McCloud and briers Miguel ski had been driving on fire, but the teenagers were gone. The body of a third man who has still not been identified was found two kilometres away on a highway, pull out we're not going into the specifics with respect to how that man died. We can just tell you that cam and briar are wanted in relation to that man's death police are now asking for help appealing to anyone who may have any information on where these men could be now but cautioning. Anyone who may encounter the duo to be careful with three people dead. These two men are not to be approached. Cam McLeod's, father Keith issued the following statement to all the people who truly care I'm sitting at home, worrying about my son, relentless media hounding us for information that we don't have. This is what I do know. Cam is a kind considerate. Caring young man always has been concerned about other people's feelings. As we are trapped in our homes due to media people, we try to wrap our heads around what is happening and hope that cam will come home to us safely. So we can get to the bottom of this story. Robyn Heather York's, West Inc. One big, unanswered question is what exactly led police to believe. The two missing teens are suspects. The RCMP was tight-lipped when asked that today, I can just tell you that the investigators are receiving new information because we made the appeal yesterday, we now have new information where we've confirmed that they were seen in northern British Columbia we've been able to confirm that information within the last 24 hours for all the latest twists and turns in this case, go to our website. We've pulled together. Everything we know so far, including what police are saying about the suspects the people found dead and where investigators are focusing their efforts. You'll find it all. At global news, dot see a flash global national.