The Canadian federal election is officially underway during the 40-day campaign. Leaders will cover a lot of issues as they attempt to win over Canadians. The economy will be a big one. Here are five economic issues will likely hear about number one. Climate change and the economy expect each party to present detailed plans on how to deal with the environment. The environment is something that we call a valence issue, which means that everybody wants it to be good and strong, and so where the disagreement is and help us to achieve that, and so on both of those issues. The question for voters will be which party is actually most credible to act on these particular issues. The Liberals will look to build their carbon pricing plan, whereas sheers Conservatives want to eliminate the carbon tax number two pipelines and Alberta voters in Alberta, looking to help get more oil to global markets will be watching parties closely on the issue of pipelines and all parties will be vocal on their plans. What say the Liberals need to do is to say that there are credible actors on the economy and credible actors on the environment and that's a bit of a difficult needle to thread number three jobs. Unemployment across the country is at a record low, which is a plus for the Liberals. What we know what economic voting is that, when the economy is good, the incumbent is rewarded when the economy is bad, the incumbent is punished and everything we see about the Canadian economy at this moment suggests that the economy is actually quite good. The rest of the parties are touting that things could be better. The Conservatives are promising to lower taxes, and the NDP is pledging 300,000 new jobs number for child care. The NDP has promised to invest a billion dollars in affordable childcare in 2020, with plans to grow that investment annually. The Liberals announced the maximum childcare benefit will increase to six thousand six hundred and thirty nine dollars for each child. Under the age of six, the Conservatives say they will make maternity and paternity benefits tax-free, providing a non refundable tax, credit of 15 percent number five cell phones, internet and mobile bills will be a popular topic as well this election. So far, the Green Party has pledged to mandate affordable cell phone plans. The NDP says they will impose a price cap on monthly bills and the Liberals are also proposing either a cap or requiring service providers to offer mobile virtual network operators.