Ever since Neil Armstrong first set foot on the moon, the conspiracy theories began: everybody loved the conspiracy, that's Paul, Delaney, astronomer and senior lecturer at York University. Can you effectively generate that type of illusion today? The answer is probably yes, but back in 1969 in 1771. The answer is no conspiracy number one. How was the flag waving in no atmosphere? Nasa knew image was everything and if it wanted to secure more government funding the public needed to be impressed a flag standing on the surface of the Moon, which is limp, isn't nearly as good a photo-op they made it look like it was waving in the wind by installing a horizontal rod on top of the flag. However, the astronauts were unable to extend the entire way, giving it that waving effect. Conspiracy number two: why aren't there any stars in the photos? A limited exposure range is the reason why we can't see stars in any of the Apollo photos. Unlike our eyes, cameras can take in only a certain amount of light. If the exposure is too high, everything will look too bright too low. Everything will look too dark sun's shining on them. They were reflecting brightly the surface which was worth being brightly stars on earth, let alone the moon. It's the same. Brightness they're, relatively faint conspiracy, number three, the shadows are wrong. Conspiracy theorists point out that, since the Sun is the only light source on the moon, shadow angles should be consistent. However, when sunlight hits the surface of the Moon, some of it bounces off, meaning the moon itself becomes a reflective light source professional photographers refer to this as a film. That's why an astronaut in the lunar modules, shadow isn't completely shrouded in black. The moon's light is softening the shadow conspiracy number four. Why didn't the astronauts die from radiation exposure? The spacecraft's hull shielded the astronauts from being exposed to lethal radiation, while traveling through the Van Allen belts flares in Earth's magnetic field that trapped, solar, wind particles, high levels of radiation once cleared, they were exposed to natural background radiation. You certainly wouldn't want the astronauts on the surface of the Moon in their spacesuits for days on end, but for the hours we're talking about on the moon's surface, the radiation environment is comparable to the radiation environment. We have here conspiracy, number five, who film Neil Armstrong stepping on the moon. Are we gonna, send people to the moon to stand on the moon and not have a camera strapped to the outside of a lunar module NASA, put cameras on every piece of the Apollo spacecraft. That's why we have stunning images like this this and this you don't go that far and miss the photo opportunity of the century of history. If you're still skeptical, several photos of the moon's surface have been taken over the decades, showing Apollo Lunar Module, exactly where Neil, Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin parted 50 years ago. The notion that a conspiracy of the magnitudes required needing tens of thousands of people to stay quiet about it for decades again, you know the US government. Sanctions are secret for more than a few hours. Generally speaking, let alone for decades. Fifteen seconds guidance is internal. Twelve, eleven ten, nine ignition sequence start. You.