This Monday Canadians will head to the polls and, as the clock ticks down to, Election Day party leaders have been trying to drum up support in ridings across the country. Here are 5 ridings to watch and what they might say about the larger election and the writing of Fredericton I think stands in is maybe the best chance for the Greens federally to win a seat on our Atlantic Coast. The incumbent here is liberal matt de Courcey. His main challenger is Green Party candidate, Jenica adwin she's in position to take the seat building on the green success in the provincial election, which saw three green members elected to the provincial legislature, and even if it doesn't go green. This riding in some other writings in Atlantic Canada. The green vote could be high enough. That's gonna, peel away, sinew, Democrat votes, it's gonna, peel away for some liberal votes and that could allow conservatives to win some of these ridings Lapid. It's Betty. This seat is currently held by Alexander Lewis, a star candidate for the NDP in Quebec, the bloc québécois and the Liberals are his top challengers. The NDP started the campaign in grave danger of losing everything in Quebec and has been fighting to hold on to progressive voters. The NDP in Quebec every poll has shown are in a world of hurt. They've lost a tremendous amount of support. If there's just one seat for the new Democrats left in Quebec on election night, it likely would be Boomer ISA seat, king Bach. This is one of the biggest battleground ridings in Ontario. It's right in the heart of the 905, the ring of 35 seats around Toronto that could determine who wins the election. Last election Liberal MP, deb schultz won it by only about three percent. If the Liberals are ramping, it up in King, Vaughan I think they could have a good night in the 905 if the Conservatives can take it back. I think they are saying we're here, we're back in the 905 and ready to challenge for liberal seats and maybe even challenge the government Edmonton Center. If advanced polls are to be believed, Western Canadians are expected to issue a stern rebuke of Justin Trudeau and his policies at the ballot box in the West. Every poll says: Western Canadians have pretty much made a decision and they're voting conservative, the anger they have right now about the rest of the country. Land, locking their energy resources is just it's palpable. The best chance for liberals of holding on to a seat in Alberta lies with incumbent Randy Bassano, who represents a more progressive riding. His top competitor is conservative. James coming Port Moody Cooke wetland with new Democrat Finn Donnelly retiring. This seat is wide open. It's a great example of a dozen or more BC writings where there will be fierce three-way and even 4 way, races. So there's a good chunk of voters that each of those three parties can build on so votes. Lits will be important and who can mobilize what and and sort of get some momentum.