The American Centers for Disease Control suggest people avoid using e-cigarettes as the number of serious lung illnesses and deaths believed to be linked to vaping continues to rise. There are now five deaths reported in the United States, and the number of serious respiratory illnesses suspected of being linked to vaping has more than doubled to 450. Now in the u.s.. The definitive cause is not yet clear, but the surge in cases is deeply worrying. All of those who are sick or died used e-cigarettes many are young and otherwise healthy and tonight one American public health expert is calling it an epidemic that requires an urgent response. Vaping is widespread here in Canada, too, though no deaths or illnesses have been reported here and Health Canada has issued no warning. Other Eurex West explains what we know so far for weeks. American health officials have puzzled over why so many young people across so many US states we're becoming seriously ill lungs of otherwise healthy individuals, failing their use of e-cigarettes, seemingly to blame on 18 years old, my lungs are like a seven year olds in research, published Friday in the New England Journal of Medicine, the first 53 cases of this illness are discussed in depth. All patients were healthy, mostly men with a median age of 19, most had to be hospitalized and nearly half required. Intensive care. Investigators now believe these illnesses have all been caused by an exposure to some kind of chemical used in the vape juice. In hails from east cigarettes. Exactly what substance is still a mystery. The lab tests have shown the chemical vitamin E acetate in a number of patients. It's actually a product, that's used commonly as food supplements in skin creams. But frankly, we really don't know what the consequences are when you heat it and inhale it. We do know that inhaling oil can lead to a condition called lipoid pneumonia, which is exactly what doctors say. The patients across the u.s. were suffering from that's why we tell patients not to inhale in any form through the nose or the mouth anything with an oil-based substance. Lipoid pneumonia can be very serious, lead to lung failure, even death, but can also come with very mild symptoms that mimic asthma or even a cold, and that might be a clue why no Canadian cases have yet been reported. This Edmonton desperado gist says she believes she sees mild cases, often in her practice. It's a common thing out there, and, and once they stop inhaling this. Of course, their symptoms get better. Global News has been pressing, Health Canada for its response to the cluster of American cases. They say they are monitoring, but what's perhaps most troublesome is that vape juice ingredients are not regulated by any health agency in Canada and until governments step in consumers have no way to know what they're inhaling Heather, your ex West Global News Calgary.