About one in five Canadians experienced a mental health problem in a year and roughly seven and a half million Canadians are living with a mental health problem or illness, with the amount of people in need. Wait times to see a mental health professional through the public sector are becoming a problem. So how is Canada responding, but overall, wait times are way too long. It is not uncommon for somebody, and even a youth who shows up for who wants to get help and told they have to wait 12 to 18 months that simply isn't acceptable and and leads us to have our mental health system very, very fragmented and a huge gap between the delivery of mental health services and physical health in Ontario wait times for publicly funded counseling and treatment for seriously mentally ill service recipients has increased to a 56 day. Wait and an additional 16 day wait to be eligible for the services in British Columbia. The rate of depression among youth nBC has increased by 50 percent from 2013 to 2015 and anxiety has increased by a hundred and thirty five percent. But the ministry doesn't report on wait times for these services because they say: there's no standardized definition or process for collecting this data across jurisdictions. Yet the province currently spends 2.5 billion dollars every year on mental health and substance use services, most of which goes to hospitals in Alberta wait times over the last five years for youth addiction. Residential services has gone from 24 days to 47 days. The province has very limited data on wait times. Manitoba was also not able to provide data on wait times, as it is not tracked by the provincial government. So how can this gap across Canada be filled? The real gap is funding and funding in the right places. A point that many advocates of mental health are trying to make to the government, especially with the federal election coming up. How are we measuring that money? How are we ensuring it's getting to the right places? What kind of indicators are we leveraging? It has to be coupled with innovation if we're going to invest in doing more of the way we have always done things we're going to continue to do more ways of doing it. Wrong Hosseini says that allocating funding towards community mental health services can be Canada's biggest tool in solving this issue, ensure the community mental health supports are getting that investment because that's where we're gonna get the biggest bang for your buck. That's we're gonna get to help the majority of the people in Canada and that's the area. That's been chronically underfunded. Mental health advocates are keeping a close eye on this election to see what solutions might be put forward.