I think we'll be all need to realize today. Three very strong youth stepped up and took responsibility for their behavior. They took responsibility for their actions and we all need to remember that in Canada we have a separate criminal justice system and that's for a reason, and the reason for that is because we understand that a youth under the age of 18, their brain is not fully developed. Yet they can't always so I think everybody needs to understand that today. Everybody needs to keep in mind both sides of this, because I understand that the public's very concerned about, but there are other people in volunteer there were the accused to volunteer and they've done, something that's very difficult and they stepped up and they've done that today, I think the public needs to recognize that the public needs to recognize, but it's not easy for anybody involved and there's always two sides, and this should be a day that is difficult for everyone, but also the day that will hope, hopefully move things forward and help everyone have peace again. These are young men again, like you, said, they're taking responsibility, everybody's heard in court, that all of these youths do not have records. Okay, there are all youths that have never been in trouble before they're, really good kids, they've made mistakes and they're taking responsibility for those mistakes. They're not reading anyone by having them come to court and testify so they've done something, that's very difficult. So again, what I said take away from this I think so important is that as a society and as schools and different institutions are moving forward with their curriculums and with educating their children in our future. We need to ask ourselves: where did we go wrong and what will lead to as a whole and in each one of great institutions to make sure that behavior like this doesn't happen? But this is something that we talk about the we educate our children. We educate them on sexuality, what what's not appropriate, so we're never in a situation where a child is not appreciated so that we're all safe and that were all healthy people working together, working as one toward the goal of proper education toward the goal of making sure that no Jews are on either side of the story ever again.