Maybe we'll come to order without objection. The chair reserves the right to recess the hearing. At any time. The presidential oath of office requires the President of the United States to do two things faithfully, execute his or her office and protect and defend the Constitution. That oath, of course, cannot be honored if the president does not first defend the country if our national security is jeopardized. If our country is left undefended, the necessity to faithfully execute the office becomes moot where there is no country, there is no office to execute, and so the duty to defend the nation is foundational to the president's responsibilities. But what of this second responsibility to defend the Constitution? What does that really mean? The founders were not speaking, of course, of a piece of parchment; rather, they were expressing the obligation of the president to defend the institutions of our democracy, to defend our system of checks and balances that the Constitution enshrines to defend the rule of law, a principle upon which the idea of America was born, that we're a nation of laws, not men. If we do not defend the nation, there is no Constitution, but if we did not defend the Constitution, there is no nation worth defending. Yesterday, we were presented with the most graphic evidence, yet that the president, the United States, has betrayed his oath of office, betrayed his oath to defend our national security and betrayed his oath to defend our Constitution. For yesterday, we were presented with a record of a call between the President of the United States and the president of Ukraine, in which the president, our president, sacrificed our national security and our Constitution for his personal political benefit. To understand how we did so. We must first understand just how overwhelmingly dependent Ukraine is on the United, States, militarily, financially, diplomatically and in every other way, and not just on the United States, but on the person of the president, Ukraine was invaded by its neighbor by our common adversary by Vladimir Putin's Russia. It remains occupied by Russian irregular forces in a long simmering war Ukraine desperately needs our help, and for years we have given it and on a bipartisan basis. That is until two months ago, when it was held up inexplicably by President Trump. It is in this context, after a brief congratulatory call from President Trump to president Solinsky on April 21st and after the president's personal emissary Rudy Giuliani made it abundantly clear to ukrainian officials over several months that the president wanted dirt on his political opponent. It is in this context that the new president of ukraine would speak to donald trump over the phone on july 25th president szalinski eager to establish himself at home, as a friend of the president of the most powerful nation on earth had at least two objectives get a meeting with the president and get more military help, and so what happened on that call Solinsky begins by ingratiating himself and he tries to enlist the support of the president. He expresses his interest in meeting with the president and says his country wants to acquire more weapons from us to defend itself and what is the president's response? Well, it reads like a classic organized crime, shakedown shorn of its rambling character, and in not so many words. This is the essence of what the president communicates. We've been very good to your country, very good. No other country has done as much as we have, but you know what I don't see much reciprocity here, I hear what you want. I have a favor I want from you, though, and I'm gonna say this only seven times, so you better listen good I want you to make up dirt on my political opponent. Understand lots of it on this and on that I'm gonna put you in touch with people and not just any people. I'm gonna put you in touch with Attorney General, the United States, my attorney general bill. Barr he's got the whole weight of the American law enforcement behind him and I'm gonna put you in touch with Rudy you're. Gonna love him trust me. You know what I'm asking and so I'm only gonna say this a few more times in a few more ways and by the way, don't call me again, I'll call you when you've done what I asked. This is in sum and character what the president was trying to communicate with the presidents of Ukraine. It would be funny if it wasn't such a graphic betrayal of the president's oath of office, but as it does represent a real betrayal, there's nothing. The president says here that is in America's interest. After all, it is instead the most consequential form of tragedy, for it forces us to confront the remedy. The founders provided for such a flagrant abuse of office impeachment. Now this matter would not have come to the attention of our committee or the nation's attention without the courage of a single person, the whistleblower, as you know, director, McGuire, more so than perhaps any other area of government. Since we deal with classified information, the Intelligence Committee is dependent on whistleblowers to reveal wrongdoing when it occurs when the agencies do not self-report, because outside parties are not allowed to scrutinize your work and to guide us if that system is allowed to break down, as it did here. If whistleblowers come to understand that they will not be protected. One of two things happen: serious wrongdoing goes unreported or whistleblowers take matters into their own hands and divulge classified information to the press and violation of the law and placing our national security at risk. This is why the whistleblower system is so vital to us and why your handling of this urgent complaint is also so troubling. Today we can say for the first time since we have released this morning, the whistleblower complaint that you have marked unclassified, that the substance of this call is a core issue, although by means no means the only issue raised by the whistleblowers complaint, which was shared with the committee for the first time only late yesterday by law. The whistleblower complaint, which brought this gross misconduct to light, should have been presented to this committee weeks ago and by you, mr. director, under the clear letter of the law, and yet it wasn't director. Mcguire I was very pleased when you were named acting director. If sue Gordon was not going to remain. I was grateful that a man of your superb military background was chosen, a Navy SEAL for 36 years and director of the National Counterterrorism Center, since December 2018, your credentials are impressive and in limited interactions that we have had since you became director of NCTC. You have struck me as a good and decent man which makes your actions over the last month. All the more bewilderingly chose not to provide the complaint to this committee, as required by law. Why? You chose to seek a second opinion on whether shall really means shall, under the statute why you chose to go to a apartment led by a man bill Barr, who himself is implicated in the complaint and believes that he exists to serve the interest of the president, not the office itself, mind you or the public interest, but the interest of the person of Donald Trump. Why you chose to allow the subject of the complaint to play a role in deciding whether Congress would ever see the complaint? Why you stood silent when intelligence, professional under your care and protection was ridiculed by the president was accused of potentially betraying his or her country when that whistleblower by their very act of coming forward, has shown more dedication to country more of an understanding of the president's oath of office than the President himself? We look forward to your explanation, ranking member Nunez I. Thank the gentleman I want to congratulate the Democrats on the rollout of their latest information warfare, operation against the President and their extraordinary ability to once again enlist the mainstream media in their campaign. This operation began with media reports from the prime instigators of the Russia collusion hoax, that a whistleblower is claiming president Trump made nefarious promise to a foreign leader. The release transcript of that call has already debunked that central assertion, but that didn't matter the Democrats simply moved the goalposts and began claiming that there doesn't need to be a quid pro quo for this conversation to serve as the basis for impeaching. The president Speaker Pelosi went further when asked earlier if she would put brakes on impeachment if the transcript turned out to be benign. She responded quote so there you go. If the whistleblower operation doesn't work out, the Democrats and their media, we have candidates quote: we have many candidates for impeachable offenses. That was her quote, so there you go if the whistleblower operation doesn't work out, the Democrats and their media assets always drum up something else, and what other information has come to light. Since the original false report of a promise being made, we've learned the following: the complaint relied on hearsay evidence provided by the whistleblower. The Inspector General did not know the contents of the phone call at issue. The inspector general found the whistleblower displayed, arguable political bias against Trump, the Department of Justice investigated the complaint and determined no action was warranted. The Ukrainian president denies being pressured by President Trump. So once again, this supposes scandal ends up being nothing like what we were told and once again the democrats, their media mouthpieces and a cabal of leakers are ginning up a fake story with no regard to the monumental damage they're, causing to our public institutions and to trust in government and without acknowledging all the false stories they propagated in the past, including countless allegations that Trump campaign colluded with Russia to hack the 2016 elected election. We're supposed to forget about all those stories but believe this one. In short, what we have with this storyline is another still dossier. I'll note here that in the Democrats mania to overturn the 2016 elections, everything they touch gets hopelessly politicized with the Russia hoax. It was our intelligence agencies which were turned into a political weapon to attack the president and now today the whistleblower process is the casualty until about a week ago. The need to protect that process was the Pratt was a primary bipartisan concern of this committee. But if the Democrats were really concerned with defending that process, they would have pursued this matter with a quiet, sober inquiry, as we do for all whistleblowers, but that would have been useless for them. They don't want answers, they want a public spectacle, and so we've been treated to an unending parade of press releases, press conferences and fake news stories. This hearing itself is another example. Whistleblower inquiry should not be held in public at all, as our Senate counterparts, both Democrats and Republicans, obviously understand their hearing with mr. McGuire is behind closed doors. But again that only makes sense when your goal is to get information not to create a media frenzy. The current hysteria has something else in common with the Russia hoax back, then they accused the Trump campaign of colluding with Russians when the Democrats themselves were colluding with Russians and preparing the still dossier. Today they accused the president of pressuring Ukrainians to take actions that would help himself or hurt is a political opponents. And yet there are numerous examples of Democrats doing the exact same thing: Joe Biden bragged that he extorted the Ukrainians into firing. A prosecutor who happened to be investigating Biden's own son, three Democratic senators wrote a letter pressuring the Ukrainian general prosecutor to reopen the investigation into former Trump campaign officials. Another Democratic senator, went to Ukraine and pressured the Ukrainian president not to investigate corruption allegations on involving Joe Biden's son. According to Ukrainian officials, the Democratic National Committee contractor Alexander Alexandra chalupa tried to get Ukrainian officials to provide dirt on Trump associates and tried to get the former Ukrainian president to comment publicly on alleged ties to Russia Ukrainian official, sir hey leshenka was a source for nelly or wife of Department of Justice official Bruce or, as she worked on the anti-trump operation, conducted by fusion, GPS and funded by the Democrats and, of course, Democrats on this very committee negotiated with people who they thought were Ukrainians. In order to obtain nude pictures of Trump. People can reasonably ask why the Democrats are so determined to impeach this president, when in just a year, they'll have a chance. In fact, one Democratic congressman one of the first to call for Trump's impeachment gave us the answer when he said quote I'm concerned that if we don't impeach the president, he will get reelected unquote. Winning elections is hard and when you compete, you have no guarantee you'll win, but the American people do have a say in this, and they made their voices heard in the last presidential election. This latest gambit by the Democrats to overturn the people's mandate is unhinged and dangerous. They should end the entire dishonest protest spectacle and get back to work to solving problems, which is what every member of this committee was sent here to do. Judging by today's charade, the chances of that happening anytime soon are zero to none. I yield back I. Think the gentleman director would you rise for the oath and raise your right hand. Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony we'll give today shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing, but the truth so help you God I, think you may be seated. The record will reflect that. The witness has been duly sworn director McGuire. Would you agree that the whistleblower complaint alleges serious wrongdoing by the President of the United States? Mr. chairman? Well, actually I apologize director. Let me recognize you for your opening statement and you may take as much time as you need. Thank you very much. Mr. chairman chairman Schiff ranking member Nunez and members of the committee good morning, I'd like to begin by thanking the chairman and the committee for agreeing to postpone this hearing for one week. This provided sufficient time to allow the executive branch to successfully complete its consultations regarding how to accommodate the committee's request. Mr. chairman I've told you this on several occasions and I would like to say this publicly I respect you I respect this committee and I welcome and take seriously the committee's oversight role during my confirmation process to be the director of the National Counterterrorism Center I told the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence that congressional oversight of the intelligence activities is critical and essential to successful operations with the intelligence community. Having served as the director of the National Counterterrorism Center for eight months and as the Acting Director of National Intelligence for the past six weeks, I continue to believe strongly that the role of congressional oversight as I pledged to the Senate I pledge to you today that I will continue to work closely with Congress, while I'm serving either in this capacity as Acting Director of National Counterterrorism or when I return to the National Counterterrorism Center to ensure you are fully and currently informed of intelligence activities to facilitate your ability to perform your oversight of the intelligence community. The American people expect us to keep them safe. The intelligence community cannot do that without this committee. Support preferred I turn to the matter of hand. There are a few things. I would like to say: I am NOT, partisan and I am NOT political I believe in a life of service and I'm honored to be a public servant. I served under eight presidents, while I was in uniform. I have taken the oath to the Constitution eleven times the first time when I was sworn into the United States Navy in 1974 and nine times during my subsequent promotions in the United States Navy, most recently, former director Dan coats administered the oath of office last December, when I became the director of the National Counterterrorism Center I agree with you. The oath is sacred. It's a foundation of our Constitution. The oath to me means not only that I swear, truth, faith and allegiance to that sacred document, but, more importantly, I view it as a covenant. I have with my workforce that I lead and every American that I will well and faithfully discharge. The duties of my office I come from a long line of public servants who has stepped forward, even in the most difficult times in austere times, to support and defend our country. When I took my uniform off in July of 2010, it was the first time in 70 years that an immediate member of my family was not wearing the cloth of the nation. As a Naval Special Warfare Officer I had the honor of commanding at every level in the seal community it was at times very demanding, but the rewards of serving in America's Special Operations community. More than make up for the demands. After my retirement I was fortunate to work for a great private sector. Firm I left the business world after three years to lead a non-profit charity. Some questioned why I would leave a promising business career to run a charity. The answer was quite simple: it was another opportunity to serve I led a foundation dedicated to honoring the sacrifice of our fallen and severely wounded special operators. The foundation I led enabled hundreds of children of our fallen to attend college. It was extremely meaningful and rewarding in the winter of 2018. I was asked by former director Dan coach to return to government service to lead the National Counterterrorism Center. This request was totally unexpected and was not a position. I saw it, but then again it was another opportunity to serve my country in particular. I knew that many of the young sailors and junior officers that I had trained 20 years earlier were now senior combat veterans, deploying and still sacrificing I decided that they could continue to serve. Returning to government service was the very least I could do, and now here I am sitting before you as the Acting Director of National Intelligence with last month's departure of dan coates and sue gordon two exceptional leaders and friends I was asked to step into their very big shoes and leave the intelligence community until the president nominates and the Senate confirms the next Director of National Intelligence I accepted this responsibility because I love this country I have a deep and profound respect for the men and women of our intelligence community and the mission we execute every day on behalf of the American people. Throughout my career, I have served and led through turbulent times. I have governed every action by the following criteria: it must be legal, it must be moral and it must be ethical. No one can take an individual's integrity away. It can only be given away if every action meets those criteria, you will always be a person of integrity and by nearly four decades of public service. My integrity has never been questioned until now. I'm here today to unequivocally state that is acting DNI I will continue the same, faithful and nonpartisan support and am added that adheres to the Constitution and the laws of this great country. As long as I serve in this position for whatever period of time that may be I want to make it clear that I have upheld my responsibility to follow the law every step of the way in the matter that is before us today. I want to also state my support for whistleblower and rights, and the laws whistleblowing has a long history in our country dating back to the Continental Congress. This is not surprising because, as a nation we desire for good government. Therefore, we must protect those who demonstrate courage to report alleged wrongdoing, whether on the battlefield or in the workplace. Indeed, at the start of ethics training the executive branch each year, we are reminded that public service is a public trust and as public servants, we have a solemn responsibility to do what's right, which includes reporting concerns of waste fraud and abuse and bringing such matters to the attention of Congress under the intelligence. Community, Whistleblower Protection, Act I applaud all employees who come forward under this act. I am committed to ensuring that all whistleblower complaints are handled appropriately and to protecting the rights of whistleblowers. In this case, the complainant raised a matter with the intelligence community, Inspector General, the Inspector General, is properly protecting the complainants identity and will not permit the complainant to be subject to any retaliation or adverse consequences for communicating the complaint to the inspector general. Upholding the integrity of the intelligence community and the work force is my number one priority. Throughout my career, I relied on the men and women of the intelligence community to do their jobs, so I could do mine and I could personally attest that their efforts saved lives. I would now like to turn to the complaint and provide a general background on how we got to where we are today on August 26th, the Inspector General forwarded to me from an employee in the intelligence community. The Inspector General stated that the complaint raised an urgent concern, a legally defined term under Whistleblower Protection Act that has been discussed at length and our letters to the committee on September, 16 and 17 before I turn to the discussion about whether the complaint needs the definition of urgent concern. I first want to talk about an even more fundamental issue. Upon reviewing the complaint, we were immediately struck by the fact that many of the allegations of the complaint are based on a conversation between the President and another foreign leader. Such calls are typically subject to of privilege. As a result, we consulted with the White House counsel's office and we're advised that much of the information, the complaint was in fact, subject to executive privilege, a privilege that I do not have the authority to waive. Because of that, we were unable to immediately share the details of the complaint with this committee, but continue to consult with the White House counsel's. In an effort to do so. Yesterday the president released the transcripts of the call in question and therefore we are now able to disclose the details of both complaint and the Inspector General's letter transmitting to us. As a result, I have provided the House and Senate intelligence committees with the full unredacted complaint, as well as the Inspector General's letter. Let me also discuss the issue of urgent concern when transmitting a complaint. To me, the Inspector General took the legal position that, because the complaint alleges matters of urgent concern and because he found the allegations to be credible, I was required, unto the intelligence community whistleblower protection act to follow the complaint to our oversight committees within seven days of receiving it, as we have previously explained in our letters. Urgent concern is a statutorily defined term to be an urgent concern. The allegations must, in addition to being classified assert a flagrant, serious problem, abuse or violation of law and relate to the funding administration or operation of an intelligent activity within the responsibilities of the Director of National Intelligence. However, this complaint conduct this complaint concerns conduct by someone outside the intelligence community unrelated to funding administration or operation of an intelligence activity under my supervision, because the allegation on the face did not appear to fall in the statutory framework. My office consulted with the United States Department Justice Office of Legal Counsel and included. We included the Inspector General in those consultation. After reviewing the complaint and the Inspector General's transmittal letter, the office of legal counsel determined that the complaints allegations do not meet the statutory requirement. Definition concern legal, urgent concern and found that I was not legally required to transmit the material to our Oversight Committee under The Whistleblower Protection Act, an unclassified version of that Office of Legal Counsel. Memo was publicly released, as you know, for those of us in the executive branch office of legal counsel. Opinions are binding on all of us. In particular, the office of legal counsel opinion states that the president is not a member of the intelligence community and the communication with the foreign leader involved. No intelligence, operation or activity aimed at collecting or analyzing foreign intelligence. Well, as OLC opinion, did not require transmission of the complaint to the committee's. It did leave me with the discretion to forward the complaint to the committee. However, given the executive privilege issues, I discussed, neither the Inspector General nor I were able to share the details of the complaint at the time when the Inspector General informed me that he still intended to notify the Committees of the existence of the complaint. Mr. Chairman I supported that decision to ensure the committee's were kept as informed as possible of this process. Move forward. I want to raise a few other points about the situation we find ourselves in. First I want to stress that I believe that the whistleblower and the Inspector General have acted in good faith throughout I. Have every reason to believe that they have done everything by the book and followed the law, respecting the privileged nature of the information and patiently waiting while the executive privilege issues were resolved wherever possible. We have worked in partnership with the Inspector General on this matter. Well, we have differing opinions on the issue. Whether or not is his urgent concern. I strongly believe in the role of the inspector general I, greatly valued the independence he brings to and his debt patient and his role in keeping me and the committee's informed of matters within the Intelligence Committee. Second, although executive privilege prevented us from sharing the details of the complaint with the committee's until recently, this does not mean that the complaint was ignored. The Inspector General and consultation with my office referred this matter to the Department of Justice for investigation. Finally, I appreciate that in the past was a blower complaints may have been provided to the Congress, regardless of whether they were deemed credible or satisfied the urgent, recurrent urgent concern requirement. However, I am not familiar with any prior instances where a whistleblower complaint touched on such complicated and sensitive issues, including executive privilege, I believe that this matter is unprecedented. I also believe that I handle this matter in full compliance with the law at all times and I am committed to doing so. Sir I appreciate the committee providing me this opportunity to discuss this matter: the ongoing commitment to work with the Congress on your important oversight role. Thank you very much, sir. Thank you director. Would you agree that the whistleblower complaint alleges serious wrongdoing by the President of the United States? The whistleblower complaint involved the allegation of that it is not for me in the intelligence community to decide how the president conducts as a foreign policy or his interaction with leaders of other countries. Sir I'm, not asking you to opine on how the president conducts foreign policy I'm asking you whether, as the statute requires this complaint involved serious wrongdoing, in this case by the President of the United States, an allegation of serious wrongdoing by the President of the United States. Is that not the subject of this complaint? Yes, that is the subject of the allegation of the complaint and two things. Mr. chairman, and let me ask you about that. The Inspector General found that serious allegation of misconduct by the President credible. Did you also find that credible I did not criticize the Inspector General's decision on whether it not was credible? My question was whether it not we have whether or not it meets the urgent concern and the seven-day timeframe that would follow, but so is notif on my question. Laughter I have no no question in his judgment that he considers it a serious matter, well, issue that I don't and you would you would concur. Would you not director that this complaint, alleging serious wrongdoing by the president, was credible? It's not for me to judge sir the it is commuted. It is for you to judge. Apparently I mean I agree, it's not for you to judge you shall provide it to Congress, but but indeed you did judge whether this complaint should be provided to Congress, and we can. We at least agree that the Inspector General made a sound conclusion that this whistle blower complaint was credible. That is correct, that is, in the cover letter. That's been provided to other committee I believe that's also been public, the decision and the recommendation by the inspector general that in fact the allegation was credible. Can we also agree that it was urgent that if the President of the United States was withholding military aid to an ally, even as you received the complaint and was doing so for in the various reason that is to exercise leverage or the president of Ukraine to dig up manufactured dirt on his opponent? Can we agree that it was urgent while that aid was being withheld? There's two. There are two things I'm talking about the lay the common understanding of what urgent means, because inspector general said this was urgent not only in a statutory meaning. This was urgent, as everyone understands that term. Can we agree that it was urgent. It was urgent and important, but my job as the Director of National Intelligence was to comply with the whistleblower protection and that cut here to the definition of urgent concern, which is a legal term and to adhere to the meaning of the term. Shall yes, sir? In this case you sought a second opinion or whether shall really means shall, by going to the White House. No sir. There were two things as I said in my statement: one it appeared that it also had matters of executive privilege. I am not authorized as the Director of National Intelligence to waive executive privilege and at any time, at any time, over the last month that you held this complaint, did the White House assert executive privilege, mr. Chairman I have endeavored I. Think that's a yes or no question: did they ever assert executive privilege? They were working through the executive privilege procedures in deciding whether or not to exert executive privilege, and so they they never exerted executive privilege. Is that the answer the if mr. chairman, if they did, we would not have released the letter yesterday and all the information that had been forthcoming? No the first place you went was to the White. House am I to understand that from your opening statement it wasn't the department justice first place, you went for a second opinion was to the White House I did not go for a second opinion. The question was: is the information contained here subject to executive privilege not whether it not it, made urgent concern and, and so the first place, you went for advice as to whether you should provide the complaint, as the statute requires to Congress was the White House I am not authorized as the Director of National Intelligence to provide executive privilege information I think it is prudent, as a member of the executive branch to check to ensure that, in fact, it does not I'm just asking about the sequencing here. Did you first go to the White House? If you determine whether you should provide a complaint to Congress? No sir, that was not the question. The question was whether or not it has executive privilege, not whether or not I should send it on to Congress. Okay is the first party you went to outside of your office to seek advice, a counsel direction. The White House I have consulted with the White House Counsel and eventually we also consulted with the Department of Justice Office of Legal Counsel, and my question is: did you go to the White House first I went to the Office of Legal Counsel for advice. Yes, sir, that well I'm asking which went to first. Did you go to the Department of Justice office legal counsel? First, or did you go to the White House first I went to the office right. Excuse me, my team. My office went to the Office of Legal Counsel first toured to receive whether or not the matter in the letter and in the complaint might meet the executive privilege. They viewed it and said: we've determined that it appears to be executive, privilege and until executive privilege is determined and cleared. I did not have the authority to be able to send that forward to the committee. I worked with the Office of Legal Counsel for the past several weeks to get resolution on this. It's a very deliberate process. Well, director I'm, just I'm still trying to sign a chronology. So you first went the office of legal counsel and then you went to White House Counsel. We went and then to the repeat that please, sir I'm just trying to send the chronology. You first went to the office little counsel and then you went to the White House Counsel. No, no, sir! No sir! No we went to the we went to the White House first to determine to ask okay, that's all I wanted to as pronounced. You went to the White House first, so you went to the subject of the complaint for advice. First, about whether you should provide the complaint to Congress. There were issues within this couple of things. One. It did appear that it has executive privilege if it does have executive privilege. It is the White House that determines that. I cannot determine that as the Director of National Intelligence, but in this case the the White House. The president, is the subject of the complaint he's subject of the wrongdoing. Were you aware, when you went to the White House for advice about whether evidence of wrongdoing by the White House should be provided to the Congress? Were you aware that the White House Counsel has taken the unprecedented position that the privilege applies to communications involving the president when he was present involving the president when he wasn't president involving people who never served in administration involving people who never served in the ministration? Even when they're, not even talking to the president? Were you aware that that is the the unprecedent position of the White House, the White House? You went to for advice about whether you should turn over a complaint involving the White House. Mr. chairman, as I said in my opening statement, I believe that everything here in this matter is totally unprecedented, and that is why my former directors of National Intelligence forwarded them to you whether and not admit urgent concern or whether it was serious. This was different and to me it just seemed prudent to be able to check and ensure, as a member of the executive branch before I sent it forward. I just have a couple more questions on the turnover the ranking member and he may consume as much time as I did. The second place you went to was the Justice Department and you went to that department headed by a man bill Barr, who was also implicated in the complaint, and you knew that when you went to the Department of Justice for an opinion correct that bill, Barr was mentioned in the complaint. Mr. chairman I went to the office of legal counsel in consultation with the IC IG. He was a part of that to receive whether or not this met the criteria. Yes, but that IC IG vehemently disagreed with the opinion of the bill. Barr Justice Department did he not? He still met considered it a matter of urgent concern. However, as you know, opinions from Department of Justice Office of Legal Counsel are binding on all of us in the executive branch. Well, let me ask you this: do you think it's appropriate that you go to a department run by someone who's the subject of the complaint, to get advice or who is a subject of the complaint or implicated in the complaint for advice as to whether you should provide that complaint to Congress? Did that conflict of interest concern you, mr. chairman, when I saw this report and complained immediately, I knew that this was a serious matter. It came to me and I just thought it would be prudent, well, I'm, not sure I'm, just asking if the conflict of interest concern to you that well, sir I have to work with what I've got, and that is the office of legal counsel within the executive branch. Well, when you also had was a statute that says shall and even then you said, you had the discretion to provide it, but but did not because it did not meet the matter of urgent concern that took away the seven-day timeline. I have endeavored to work with the office of legal counsel in order to get the material to you, which we you have provided to you yesterday now I have to tell you chairman. It is not perhaps at the timeline that I would have desired or you, but the office of legal counsel has to make sure they make prudent decisions. And yesterday, when the president released the transcripts of his call with the president of the Ukraine, then they could no longer it's not executive privilege no longer applied, and that is when I was free to be able to send the complaint to the committee director. You don't believe that whistleblower is a political hack. Do you I, don't know who the whistleblower is. Mr. chairman, to be honest with you, I've done my utmost to make sure that I protect his anonymity that doesn't sound like much of a defense of the whistleblower here, someone you founded everything right, you don't believe the whistleblower is a political hack. Do you, director I believe that, as I said before, mr. Chairman I believe the whistleblower is operating in good faith? Well, then they come on the law. They couldn't be in good faith if they were acting as a political hack. Could they, mr. chairman, my job, is to support and lead the entire intelligence community that individual works? For me, therefore, it is my job to make sure that I support and defend that person. You don't have any reason to accuse them of disloyalty to our country or suggest they're beholden to some other country. Have you no, sir, absolutely not I believe that the whistleblower followed steps every step of the way. However, the statute was one in this situation involving the President of the United States, who is not in the intelligence community or matters underneath. My supervision did not meet the criteria for urgent concern. I'm just asking about the whistleblower right now, I think the whistleblower did the right thing. I think he followed the law every step of the way, and we just got stuck with it. Then why director, when the president called the whistleblower political hack and suggested that he or she might be disloyal to the country? Why did you remain silent? I did not remain silent. Mr. Chairman I assured a statement to my workforce, telling the admitting my commitment to the whistleblower protection and ensuring that I would provide protection to anybody within the intelligence community who comes forward. But the way this thing was flowing out, I didn't think it was appropriate for me to be making a press statement so that we counter in each other, every step. I think it was not only appropriate but there's nothing that would have given more confidence to the work force than the hearing. You publicly say. No one should be calling this professional. Who did the right thing, a hack or a traitor, or anything else, I think that would have meant a great deal to work force. Mr. Nunez you're recognized welcome mr. director. It's a pleasure to have you here and you're gonna, be part of a charade of legal word games. They're gonna try to get you to say something that can be repeated by the media. That is here that wants to report this story. You I just want to get one thing straight, because one of the quotes are going to use from you. Is you saying that this was a credible complaint that will be used and spun as you're saying that it was true and I want to give you an opportunity to you? You do not. You have not investigated the veracity or the truthfulness of this complaint. That's correct, ranking member the determination uncredible was made by the IC inspector general. He made the determination that it is credible and he also made the determination of urgent concern. My question was not I did not question his judgment there. The question I had was it does. In fact, this allegation of wrongdoing meet the criteria, the statutory criteria of urgent concern and the other issue, as I said, complicated things did it. In fact, the allegations within this whistleblower complaint involve executive privilege. Thank you for clarifying that. Have you ever you mentioned it a little bit in your testimony, but have you ever? Are you aware of any former dnis who have testified about whistleblower complaints in the public? Not to my knowledge, I, ranking member I. Do not know. Are you aware of any cases like this that were put into the spotlight is? Would this be the way to handle it out in the public like this? I am not aware of any, but I want to say once again, I believe that the situation we have and why we're here this morning is because this case is unique and unprecedented, so why our case is normally not handled out in the public. All the other cases that came before either this committee or the Senate committee, whether or not they met the criteria of urgent concern were forwarded because they involved members of the intelligence community who were in fact in organizations underneath the dn eyes, authority and responsibilities. This one just didn't come that way, because it involved a member, an individual who is not a member of the intelligence community or an organization underneath the authority of the DNI. So this one is different from all others in the past and I am aware of so I want to get into how this all got out in the public over the last. This has basically been an orchestrated effort over over two weeks. If you, we were first told about it on a week and a half ago, and we were told very specifically that the whistleblower did not want to get any of this information out. They didn't want it to leak out, so there were only a few potential groups of people that would have known about this complaint you and your people within your office. Yes, sir, the people within the inspector general's office and the whistleblower and whoever that whistleblower gave this information to. So what I'm trying to ascertain is how would it run in all the mainstream media outlets? How did they get even though they got a lot of it wrong, but they had the basics of it that it involved the the President of the United States talking to a foreign leader. So did anybody you or anybody in your office, leaked this to the Washington, Post or NBC News rank? You remember, I leave the intelligence community. We know how to keep a secret as far as how that got into the press. I really do not know. Sir I just know that it's all over the place and, as you said, it's been reported by different media for the past several weeks where they get their information from I. Don't know so that is, you know it was not. It was not from the intelligence community from me or from my office Thank You director. So this is not the first time this has happened to this president. That happened with a call between the Mexican president, the Australian Prime Minister. So it's happened twice before the pieces of transcripts leaked out and of course, this time it was leaked out again and the president. Thankfully he was able to put this out because of the because of the actions of this of the situation, as you said, is that's unprecedented. Is it normal for the president itíd states to have their conversations leak out miss a third time? I would have to leave that to the White House to to respond to that their ranking member. But to me the President of the United States conversation with any other head of state I would consider privileged conversation, but clearly I mean those conversations are being captured by the intelligence agencies. So not necessarily sir I mean that if, if the president think I should say this they're captured and then disseminated we're absurd and disseminated to the intelligence agencies, I have to be careful in this open hearing about. You know how I respond to that: the intelligence community and the National Security Agency. Obviously, you know they collect things that to protect I, just want to make sure, because I'm just I mean are we just gonna foreign leaders when Isis have either the president United States not talk to foreign leaders, or we should just or publishes publish all the transcripts, because that's what's happening here, ranking members then somebody's leaking this and it's likely coming from from the agencies that you oversee recognize I mean I'm, not saying that you don't know, but we had the the transcript of the Mexican president, the Australian Prime, Minister and now contents of a call with the Ukrainian president leak out ranking member. The allegation in the whistleblower complaint was that there were about 12 people who listened in on the conversation members of the National, Security, Council and others, and then others were briefed from State Department as well the transcripts, because they have our area responsibilities and a region responsibility. Then they would be informed on the interaction. So there were a number of people that from the White House brief from the call. This would not be something that well I'm, quiet, I'm, quite sure this. This White House probably didn't leak, this out, I wouldn't say the White House, but there are individuals within the White House that may or may not I don't know, but it would not be from an intelligence intercept. I will say that right, I'm, not I'm, just saying the dissemination, the dissemination of these calls is supposed to be sacred right, I mean it's, and it is important for the State Department and the appropriate agencies to get I'm, not saying it's all in the Intelligence Agency. But when a president talks to a foreign leader, it's confidential, those contents are confidential. There could be some facts of that conversation that you do want to get to the appropriate agency, not just that not just the IC I want to be clear about that, but but this is now the third time I'm not aware of this ever happening before of contents of calls like this getting out. I really don't know ranking member I'm, not aware I, don't have the other numbers to think. It just seems to me, though, that it is unprecedented and I would also say, I think that the decision by the president yesterday to release the transcripts of his conversation with the president, the Ukraine, is probably unprecedented as well. Well appreciate you being here and have fun, be careful what you say: cuz they're, gonna use these words against you. Well, I'll tell you what ranking member either way I wanted to be here and I wanted to be leading below and I appreciate your service to this country for a long time and I'm sure we'll be talking again soon, hopefully not in the public, hopefully, behind closed doors like this is supposed to be done. Thank you very much. I yield back mr. Himes Thank You mr. chairman director McGuire. Thank you for being here and thank you for your profound service and the service of your family to this country director. What I find bewildering about this whole conversation is that we are not sitting here today and the American public is not aware of the allegations of the president asking for a favor of investigation into his political opponent. We're not aware of the murky decision to withhold aid. We're not aware of mr. Giuliani is a parent establishment of a personal State Department. We are not aware of a possible retaliation against a US Ambassador. None of this happens, but for the decision of your Inspector General Michael Atkinson, a man who was appointed by President Trump and confirmed by a Republican Senate to come to this committee, seven days after the complaint was required by law to be transmitted to us. It was his decision, personal decision, not the kaleidoscope of fantabulous dick conspiracy theories. The ranking member thinks is happening here, but it was the decision of Michael Atkinson an appointee of this President to come to this committee, following not advice from you or any law, but following his own conscience. Without his decision to do this. None of this is happening. Correct, I, applaud, Michael I applaud Michael's the way he has done this. He has acted in good faith. He has followed the law every step of the way. The question is congressman: does it get it or did it not meet the legal definition? No, no sir I asked a very different question, which was without his decision. It's a simple question without his decision. None of this is happening. Is that correct? Well, we got it back up to the whistleblower as well. So, okay and I should have noted that the whistleblower also deserves the same accolades that mr. Atkinson does a director. Were you ever advised by the White House not to provide this complaint to Congress? For any reason, no congressman, okay and as I understand it, the opinion was that you were not obligated to convey, despite the very clear wording of the law, to convey the complaint to Congress. So the decision was taken to defy a subpoena of this Congress, the subpoena of sever September 17th, to turn over the complaint, who made the decision to defy that subpoena of September 17th congressman urgent concerns, sir I'm asking a very simple question: who made the decision to defy the congressional subpoena somebody said we will not abide by the subpoena and I'd like to know who that somebody was congressman. Nobody did I endeavored once we no longer had urgent concern with the seven-day timeline here to work to get the information to the committee. What I needed to do was to get work through the executive privilege hurdle with the office of legal counsel at the White House. Although this was the most important issue to me, you know the White House has got quite a few other issues that they were dealt with. You know I would have liked to have had, as I said, to the chairman that perhaps this moved a little faster than it did, but this is a very deliberate process and finally you know they came to a head yesterday. So with you know, when I received the information on the 26th of August, we had seven days based on The Whistleblower, Protection Act. All we did was lose those seven days it may have taken longer than we would have liked, but you would have liked, but you have the information, so just so I'm focused on the subpoena. Yes, sir, the subpoenas on your desk, it's a subpoena of the Congress of the United States, it's pretty clear in what it asked for you're, saying that a decision was never taken not to comply with that subpoena and yet somehow it wasn't complied with I'm again I'm. Looking for the decision-making process to ignore a legal congressional subconscious, but I did not ignore I dealt with the chairman of this committee and asked to have one more week to be able to do what I needed to do to get this information released. He was gracious enough in this committee was also so very supportive. It wasn't something that it was ready to go, but I was committed fully committed to this committee and to the Chairman to get that information and I finally was able to provide that yesterday. Okay, thank you director, um director. Did you or your office ever speak to the president United States about this complaint, congressman I'm I'm, the president's intelligence officer, I speak with him several times throughout the week. Sir, let me repeat my question: did you ever speak to the president about this complaint? My conversations with the president, because I'm the Director of National Intelligence are privileged and it would be inappropriate for me because it would destroy my relationship with the president in intelligence matters to be divulge any of my conversations with the President of the United States. But just so we can be clear for the record. You are not denying that you spoke to the president about this complaint. What I'm saying congressman is that I will not disqualify, as the Director of National Intelligence with the president. Has the White House instructed you to assert that privilege? No, sir, that's just it's. Just a member of the executive committee I'm an executive branch as a member of the National Security Council, and also mount the homeland committee, and that's you know I had just have to maintain the discretion and protect a conversation with the president. The United States that Thank You director I appreciate that answer. Apparently the clock is broken, but I will yield back the balance of my time, Thank You congressman mr. Conway I. Think my chairman I'd. Well, thanks for being here, you and I are at a competitive disadvantage, because neither one of us are lawyers, and that may be a badge of honor. For some of us, you have lawyers on your staff circle, I do congressman, and your lawyers have looked at this urgent concern definition thoroughly and have given you advice, yes congressman. If the black-letter law was so clear in black-letter, how is it that we've got different attorneys? Give a nice you and I different opinions? That's a rhetorical question that, with respect to this issue, just to clarify Mike åkesson was in our group in front of us last week did a very good job of telling us what he did what he didn't do. We now know for sure what it is that he was able to do as part of his investigation. He did not request records of the call from the president and the reason he did is he cited the difficulty of working through. All of that would have probably meant that he couldn't comply with the 14-day timeframe, so even he did not try to overrun the White House's executive privilege over the conversation that President had with the president izinski. He also said in his letter, I also determined this is quoting Michael I, also determined that there were reasonable grounds to believe that information relating to the urgent concern appeared credible. Now, that's a different statement than a flat-out. It's credible just again a rhetorical statement. Is there anything as statute from your lawyers? In advising you that says that the determination of urgent concern lies solely with the IC IG? No sir I was never advised by my legal counsel. To that effect, right has the knowledge, as it Justice Department ever weighed in to say that the fact that D and I can't make a separate decision with respect to this seven day process that the matter is not a virgin concern as you've as your team decided. The matter of virtue concern is a legally defining term. It's pretty much, either yes or no. Well, apparently, that's not the case Admiral, because I G said it was and and you're saying it's not on to that legal definition, because it involved the president he's uh. Last time, I checked, you're, pretty familiar with change. The command I know he's not in you're, not he's not a near chain of command you're in his chain of command, and so for very different reasons appear to be credible. It doesn't meet the statutorily urgent concerned definition with respect to the whistleblower protections of the IG and your team made that they made that call the Spector general made a different call. No, no sir, it was the Department of Justice Office of Legal Counsel that made the determination that it was not urgent concern. All we wanted to do was just check and see and to me it just seemed prudent with the matter at hand right now to be able to just make sure that in fact, it did and when it didn't I want to say once again I endeavored to get that information to this committee. Okay, so just to clarify the role that that Inspector General had with respect to that support lis justice, I heard you say that he was involved in the conversations allowed to make his case, but also said you gave him. The letter gave the Justice Department letter. What was what was his exact involvement in making his case to Justice Department to his decision? Was he actually their president physically or his lawyers? Their most to the best of my knowledge, the IC IGS transmittal letter, as well as the complaint from the whistleblower, were forwarded to the Office of Legal Counsel for their determination. I believe that that is what they based their opinion on. Okay, so they'll think if I'm incorrect I will come back to the committee and correct that sir okay, appreciate that you know tough spot appreciate your long storied history I apologize if your integrity was assaulted, that happens in this arena a lot sometimes justified in most of time not and yours insulted. Your integrity was not justified in interests. The fact that we have differences of opinion when we start losing those difference of opinion. We start to attack each other call each other names and those kinds of things, and so my experiences is when you've got a legal matter. I've got lawyers, I've got I pay, you've got lawyers, you pay a step. It's typically stick with the lawyers that I'm paying, and so you get good legal advice on this issue and I really tough, so I wanted to make sure that this whistleblower was protected, but at the same time that if, in fact there was something awry here that it would, it would be get the full airing that it's clearly getting. So thank you for your service and I yield back. Thank you very much congressman masuleh Thank You mr. chairman and director McGuire thanks. So much for being here, I want to turn to what I fear may be one of the most damaging long-term effects of this whistleblower episode, and that is the chilling effect that it will have on others in government who may witness misconduct but now may be afraid to come forward to report it. Sir I'm worried that government employees and contractors may see how important this situation has played out and decide. It's not worth putting themselves on the line. The fact that a whistleblower followed all of the proper procedures to report misconduct and then the Department of Justice and the White House seems to have weighed in to keep the complaint hidden is problematic. Sir I want to know whether or not you see how problematic this will be and having a chilling effect on members of the I, see that you are sworn to represent and ostensibly protect, congresswoman I think that's a fair assessment. I, don't disagree with what you've said. I have endeavored to transmitted to the intelligence community. My support the whistleblowers and I'm quite sure that for at least two hours this morning there are not many people in the intelligence community who are doing anything. That's productive besides watching this right, and so my concern I think is a valid one that in fact what has happened with this whistleblower episode will have a chilling effect. I just also want to ask you: have you given direction to this whistleblower that he can? In fact, or he or she can in fact come before Congress director when the president called the whistleblower a political hack and suggested that he or she was potentially disloyal to the country, you remain silent, I'm, not sure why, but I also think that that adds to the chilling effect. The statute seems pretty clear that you shall everybody has a role to play. The processing is pretty clear and part of it also includes you directing the whistleblower of his or her protected rights. Can you confirm that you've directed that whistleblower that he or she can come before, Congress well, congresswoman that there are several questions there? One I do not know the identity of the whistleblower -. Now that the complaint has come forward, we are working with his counsel in order to be able to provide them with security clearance. Yes, sir I think it's pretty nice. My question is pretty simple: can you assure this committee and the American public that the whistleblower is authorized to speak to the committee with the full protections of the whistleblower Act? Can you confirm that? That's a guess or no question right now, I'm working through that with the chair and to the best of my ability, I believe the chair is, was asking to have the whistleblower come forward and I'm working with counsel with the committee to support that. Can you assure the American public that the end result will be that the whistleblower will be able to come before this committee and Congress and have the full protections of the whistled after what is the whistleblower, a statue for, if not to provide those full protections against retaliation against litigation? Congressman I am doing everything to endeavour to support that. Will the gentlewoman yield yes, um director I do have your assurance that once you work out the security clearances for the whistleblowers counsel that that whistleblower will be able to relate the full facts within his knowledge. The concern wrongdoing by the President or anyone else that he or she will not be inhibited and what they can tell our committee that there will not be some minder from the White, House or elsewhere sitting next to them telling them what they can answer or not. Answer do I. Have your assurance that the whistleblower will be able to testify fully and freely and enjoy the protections of the law? Yes congressman. Thank you. I yield back to the gentleman, so mr. director I also wanted to understand what you're going to do to try to ensure the trust of the employees and contractors that you represent to assure the American people that the whistleblower statue is in fact being properly adhered to, and that no further efforts would be to obstruct an opportunity for a whistleblower who has watched misconduct to actually get justice. Congresswoman, yeah, supporting and leading the membrane and women of the intelligence committed in my highest priority. I. Don't consider that they work for me as a Director of National, Intelligence I believe that I, you, sir I, just want to say and go on record as being very clear that this will have a chilling effect and that that is exactly not what the statute was intended for. It was intended for transparency. It was pretended it was intended and also to give the whistleblower certain protections and I think the American people deserve that. Thank you. Thank You congressman mr. Turner director. Thank you for being here. Thank you for your your service and the the clarity at which you have described the deliberations that you went through and applying the laws with respect to this complaint. It is incredibly admirable in the manner in which you've approached this now I've read the complaint and I've read the transcript of the conversation with the president and the president of Ukraine. Concerning that conversation, I want to say to the president. This is not okay, it isn't that conversation is not okay and I. Think it's disappointing to the American public when they read the transcript. I can say what else it is not. It is not what's in the complaint. We now have the complaint and the transcript and people can read that the allegations of the complaint and the complaint are not the allegations of the subject matter of this conversation. What else? It's not it's, not the conversation that was in the Chairman's opening statement and while the Chairman was speaking, I actually had someone text me. Is he just making this up and and yes, yes, he was because sometimes fiction is better than the actual words or the text. Luckily, the American public you're smart and they have the transcript. They've read the conversation they know when someone's just making it up. Now. We've seen this movie before we've been here all year on litigating impeachment. Well long before the July 25th conversation happened between the president and the president of Ukraine, and we've heard the clicks of the cameras in this intelligence committees, room where we've not been focusing on the issues of the national security threats, but instead of the calls and for impeachment, which is really an assault on the electorate, not just as president now the complaint we now have a mr. director is based on hearsay, the person who wrote it says I talked to people and they told me these things. Part American public has the transcript in the complaint, so they have the ability to compare them. What's clear about the complaint, is it's based on political issues? Mr. director he's alleging or she is alleging, that the actions of the president were political in nature. Now that's my concern about how this is applied to the whistleblowers. Whistleblower statute is intended to better provide those in the intelligence community, an opportunity to come to Congress when they're concerned about abuses of powers and laws, but it's about the intelligence community. It's about abuse of surveillance, about the abuse of the the spy mechanisms that we have it. This is about the actually the product of surveillance. Somebody has been had access to surveillance that related the president's conversations and has brought us forward to us, I'd like for you to turn for a moment and tell us your thoughts of the whistleblower process and that the the concerns as to why it has to be there so that the intelligence community can be held accountable and we can have oversight because it certainly wasn't there to for oversight of the president. It was there for oversight for the intelligence community. So if you could describe your thoughts on that and then I was very interested in your discussion, but on the issue of executive privilege, because there's been much a made of the fact that the law says on the whistleblower statute that you shall clearly, you have a conflict of laws when you have both the executive privilege issue and the issue of the word shell. So first, could you tell us the importance of the whistleblower statute with respect to accountability of the intelligence community and our role of oversight there, and then your you'll process, your effects of being stuck in the middle? Where you have these conflicts of laws. Mr. director congressman the intelligence community, Whistleblower Protection Act is to apply to the intelligence community and then at it pertains to financial, administrative or operational activities within the intelligence community in the under the oversight and responsibilities of the Director of National Intelligence. It does not allow a member of the intelligence community to report any wrongdoing that comes from anywhere in the federal government, the written and and so with that. I do believe that that is about the intelligence. Whistleblower Protection Act was the best vehicle that the whistleblower had to use. It came to me and discussion with Ric IG, who is a colleague and the determination was made. You know by the well that that he viewed that it was in fact credible and that it was a matter of urgent concern and I just thought it would be prudent to have another opinion. I have worked with lawyers, my whole career, whether it was the rule of armed conflict, Admiralty claims or rules of engagement or just the Uniform Code of Military Justice and I have found that different lawyers have different opinions on the same subject. We have nine justices of the Supreme Court, more often than not the opinions of five four that doesn't mean that five all right and four are wrong. There are differences of opinion, but when this matter came to me, I have a lot of life. Experience. I realized the importance of the matter that is before us this morning and I thought that it would be prudent for me to ensure that, in fact, it meant that statute before I sent it forward in compliance with The Whistleblower, Protection, Act and I. Hope that responds to your question say Beck, as an aside, I want to mention that my colleague is right on both counts. It's not okay, but also my summary of the president's call was meant to be at least part in parity. The fact that that's not clear is a separate problem in and of itself. Of course, the president never said if I, if you don't understand me, I'm gonna save seven more times. My point is: that's the message that the Ukraine president was receiving and not so many words. Mr. Carsen Thank You, chairman Schiff Thank You, director McGuire for your service director McGuire. This appears to be the first intelligence community whistleblower complaint it as ever ever been withheld from Congress. Is that right, sir? A congressman, Carson I believe that it might be, and once again I said in my statement, it is in fact, as far as I'm concerned unprecedented. It is unprecedented. Sir, do you know why it's unprecedented I think it's because the law that Congress that this very committee a drafted, really couldn't be clearer. It states that, upon receiving such an urgent complaint from the inspector general you, the Director of National Intelligence, quote, shall and quote forward it to the Intel committees within seven days, no ifs, ands or buts, and even when the IG has found complaints not to be an urgent concern or even credible. Your office has consistently and uniformly still transmitted those complaints to the intelligence committees. Is that right, sir congressman Carson in the past, even if they were not a matter of urgent concern or whether they were not credible, they were forwarded, but in each and every instance. Prior to this, in involved members of the intelligence community who are serving in organizations underneath the dories from the control of the DNI. This one is different because it did not meet those two criteria. Director does executive privilege, sir. In your mind, or laws that regulate the intelligence, community preempt or negate even the laws that safeguard the security of America's democratic elections and her democracy itself, sir no chairman Carson, it does not yet notwithstanding director of this unambiguous mandate and the consistent practice of your office that you would held this urgent complaint from Congress at the direction of the White House and the Justice Department. You follow their orders instead of the law and if the Inspector General had not brought this complaint to our attention, you and the Trump administration might have gotten away with this unprecedented action. Sir, you released a statement yesterday affirming your oath to the Constitution, your dedication to the rule of law, but I'm having trouble understanding how that statement can be true in light of the facts here. Can you explain that to us, sir congressman Carson, a couple of things the White House did not did not direct me to withhold the information. Neither did the Office of Legal Counsel. That opinion has been unclassified and has been disseminated. The question came down to urgent concern, which is a legal definition. It doesn't mean. Is it important? Is it timely, urgent concern met the certain criteria that we've discussed several times here, so we did not, and all that did sir was then just take away. The seven days now, as I said before, just because it was not forwarded to this committee, does not mean that it went unanswered. The IC IG and the Justice Department referred it to the Federal Bureau of Investigation for investigation. So this is nothing and that was working while I was endeavoring to get the executive privilege concerns addressed so that it can then be forwarded. It was not stonewalling. I didn't receive direction from anybody. I was just trying to work through the process and the law. The way it is written I have to comply with the way the law is not the way some people would like it to be a head of like could do otherwise it would have been much more convenient for me job congressman and lastly, director, as you sit here today, sir, do you commit to providing every single whistleblower complaint intended for Congress to the intelligence committees, as required by the statute? Sir, if it's required by the statute, congressman Carson, yes I- will that's good to know, sir and I certainly hope so, because I think the unprecedented decision to withhold this whistleblower complaint from Congress I think it raises concerns very serious concerns for us and for me and I think that we need to get to the bottom of this I yield the balance of my time chairman. Thank you, Thank You, congressman Carson. Thank you. How much time does the gentleman have remaining 27? Okay? Well, director, you are not directed to withhold the complaint. Is that your testimony? Yes, that's absolutely true, so you exercise your discretion to withhold the complaint from the committee. I did not, sir. What I did was I delayed it because it did not meet the statutory definition of urgent concern and I was working through and in director you're aware, we've spent a lot of time focusing on the definition of urgent concern, you're aware that the practice of your office has been that, regardless of whether the complaint meets the definition of an urgent concern, regardless of whether Inspector General found it credible or incredible, the complaint is always given to our committee you're aware: that's the unbroken practice since the establishment of your office and the inspector general. Are you aware of that chairman every previous whistleblower complaint that was forwarded to the intelligence committees involved, a member of the intelligence community and an organization under which the Director of National Intelligence had authority and responsibility, and but you're aware that the the past practice has been we're talking about urgent concern here that, whether you or the inspector general, everybody else, believes it meets the statutory definition. The past practice has always been to give it to this committee. You're aware of that right. I am aware that this is unprecedented. Okay- and they said everything and and with that sir I agree- this has never happened before, but they again this is a unique situation, but but you, director made the decision, you made the decision to withhold it from the committee for a month when the White House had made no claim of executive privilege when the Department of Justice said you don't have to give it to them, but you can you made the decision not to know that true, sir, what the Office of Legal Counsel said that it does not meet the legal definition of urgent concerns, so it's say: you're not required it didn't say you cannot provide it. It said you're not required to. That is. If you don't want to we're not going to force, you you're not required, but it didn't say you can't. Am I right what it? What it allowed me and I said that in my opening statement, but even so it was referred to the FBI for investigation and I was endeavoring to get the information to you, mr. chairman, but I could not followed it as a member of the executive branch without executive privileges being addressed and and I feel that the White House Counsel was doing the best that they could in order to get that and it took longer than I would have liked. That's for sure. But that came to well with conclusion yesterday with the release of the transcripts and because the transcripts were released that no longer was there. A situation of executive privilege and I was then free to send both the expected generals cover letter and the complaint to you, doctor. There's no time was there any intent on my part, sir, ever to withhold the information from you as the chair, this committee, or the Senate Intelligence director I wish I had the confidence of knowing that, but for this hearing, but for the deadline that we were forced to set with this airing that we would have been provided that complaint. But I don't know that we would have ever seen that complaint doctor winstram Thank You mr. chairman and I. Thank you mr. McGuire, for being here today. You know, I think it's a shame that we started off this hearing with fictional remarks. The implication of a conversation that took place between a president and a foreign leader putting words into it that did not exist. They're not in the transcript and I will contend that those were intentionally not clear and the Chairman described it as parody and I. Don't believe that this is the time or the place for parody when we are trying to seek facts, nor do those that were involved with the conversation agree with the parody that the Chairman gave us and unfortunately, today many innocent Americans are going to turn on their TV, and the media is only going to show that section of what the Chairman had to say, but I'm also glad to know that many Americans have seen this movie too many times and they're tired of it. But let me get to some questions, sir. If I can, let's you go to the word credible credible. Does not mean proven true or factual. Would that be correct in this situation? I find no fault in your logic, congressman. Okay, so you know the interpretation that was credible, but also was that decision made by the IG before seeing the transcript of the conversation. I believe that the IC IG conducted to his best of his ability, the investigation and he found his ability that, based on the evidence and discussing it with the whistleblower that he thought that, in fact it was credible, but the IG didn't necessarily have the transcript of the conversation. Okay. Okay, that that's that's my question. So to another point, you know one of the issues that arose out of the Russian investigation. Last Congress was a question over the latitude provided to the US president to conduct foreign affairs in 2017 I asked then CIA director Brennan how he viewed statements made by President Obama to Russian President Medvedev regarding him, more flexibility to negotiate after his 2012 election and President Medvedev replied that he would transmit the information to Vladimir and that Medvedev stood with President Obama. That was in an open hearing director Brennan wouldn't entertain. My question and insisted on not answering do the fact that the conversation was between the heads of government. That's what he said. He further claimed he was avoiding getting involved in political, partisan issues, which brings me to a similar question related to this whistleblower complaint. One. You said this executive privilege is unwavering and I. Think that's kind of consistent with CIA director Brennan was implying, Congress been only the White House and the president can waive executive privilege. The president exerts a compression of privilege, and only the White House and the president can waive that director. Brennan gave me the impression and that that was like. That's the rule, that's the law, so I'm gonna have to go with that, but do you believe believe the president's entitled to withhold his or her communications from Congress? If the conversation is used in a whistleblower case, I think that the president, when he conducts diplomacy and deals with foreign heads of state, he has every right to be able to have that information be held within the White House and the executive branch and, if yesterday I think the transmission of the call is unprecedented, and it's also I think that other future leaders, when they interact with our head of state, might be more cautious in what they say and reduce the interaction that they have with the president. Because of that release. So we may need to change our process here, because I guess, if a decision regarding executive privilege, maybe it should be made prior to submitting the communication to Congress well either that I believe that this committee wrote the law and based on what we're doing today. You know, perhaps it needs to be relooked. I, don't know, I leave that to the legislative branch, so also, if we may need to change process, you know the 14 days that might be kind of tough to adhere to so I. Think. Maybe you know this is a special circumstance, unprecedented. Maybe there's to be some leeway in the timeframe instead of the narrow 14 days and I and I, don't know if you know it was, did you feel or did the IG ever say that they felt rushed to making a decision because of the 14 day process? No congressman I believe that he's a very experienced Inspector General he's used to dealing with the 14 day process and when you work under a timeline like that, he worked with his staff and I think endeavored to the extent because he was following the statute, as he believed it was written. So I would think that any prudent lawyer would like to have more time to be able to collect the facts and do other things. But Michael Atkinson was under the 14 day timeline and he did the best of his ability to comply with that. Did you feel rushed in any way? Sir I did not thank you. I yield back Thank, You, congressman miss appear, Thank You mr. chairman, and thank you director of maguire for your extraordinarily long service to our country. At any point. During this process, did you personally threatened to resign? If the complaint was not provided to the committee, no congressman I I did not and I know that that story has appeared quite a bit and I issued a statement yesterday, all right, thank you. When you read the complained, were you shocked at all by what you read congressman conference woman? Excuse me, they said I had a life experience, I joined the Navy I understand your record. Could you I realize the I realized for well full and well. The importance of the allegation and I also have to tell you a congressman congresswoman when I saw that I anticipated having to sit in front of some committee some time to discuss it. Alright, the complaint refers to what happened after the July 25th conversation between the Ukrainian president and the president, United States, and the White House lawyers ordered other staff to move the transcript from its typical repository to a more secure location in order to lock down, and that was the term used in the complaint. All records of the phone call did you: did the that reaction to the transcript seem to you like a recognition within the White House that the call was completely improper. Congresswoman I have no first-hand knowledge of that all I have the knowledge that the whistleblower alleges in his allegation, the whistleblower complaint I, don't know whether in fact, that is true or not my only knowledge and situation awareness of that is from the whistleblowers letter. So knowing that the whistleblower appeared to be credible based on the evaluation by the inspector general and knowing that that effort was undertaken by the White House to cover it up. Why would you then, as your first action outside of the intelligence community, go directly to the White House to the very entity that was being scrutinized and complained about in the complaint? Why would you go there to ask their advice as to what you should do congresswoman the allegation that is made by the whistleblower is secondhand information not known to him or her firsthand, except mr. McGuire. It was determined to be credible. There was an investor again done by the inspector general. Let me go on to another issue, a president Trump over the weekend. Tweeted. It appears that an American spy in one of our intelligence agencies may have been spying on our own president. Do you believe that the whistleblower was spying on one of our intelligence agencies or spying on the president, as I said several times so far this morning, I believe that the whistleblower complied with the law and did everything that they thought he or she thought was responsible under the intelligence community whistleblower protection, but she did not speak out to protect the whistleblower. Did you congresswoman? Yes, sir? No sir I did yes. I did within my own work force I thought that there was enough stuff that was appearing out in the press. That was erroneous. That was absolutely incorrect and I didn't think that I needed to respond to every single statement that was out there. That was incorrect. So what I did is my work force. I thank the President on Monday said. Also, who is this so-called whistleblower? Who knows the correct facts? Is he on our country's side? Do you believe the whistleblower is on our country's side? I believe that the whistleblower and all employees who come forward in the IC IG to raise concerns of fraud, waste and abuse are doing what they perceive to be the right thing so working on behalf of our country. Are you aware of the fact that whistleblowers within the federal government have identified waste fraud and abuse of over fifty nine billion dollars? That has had the effect of benefiting the taxpayers and keeping our country safe as well? Congresswoman I'm not familiar with the dollar value, but having been in the government service for nearly four decades. I am very much aware of the value of thanking of our program. Let me ask you one final question: did the president, the United States ask you to find out the identity of the whistleblower I can say, although I would not normally discuss my conversations with the president, I can tell you in fatica Li no has anyone else within the White House or the Department of Justice asked you know: congresswoman Thank, You, ru you're welcome ma'am mr. Stewart mr. Gope mr. McGuire. Thank you for being here today. I want you to know. The good news is I'm, not gonna, treat you like a child and I'm gonna. Give you a chance to answer your questions. If I ask you something, I want to thank you for your service and I'd. Like you to remind me, you said it earlier: how many years of service of military service do? You have I have 36 years of service in the United States Navy 34 of those as a Navy SEAL? Okay, that's that's great! 36 years, 34 years as a Navy SEAL I had a mere 14 years as an Air, Force pilot I proudly wear these Air Force wings. These are actually my father's Air Force wings. He served in the military as well as five of his sons and for someone who hasn't served in the military I. Don't think they realize how deeply offensive it is to have your honor and your integrity questioned some on this committee have done exactly that. They've accused you of breaking the law and I'm going to read just one one part of many that I could from the Chairman. This raises grave concerns that your office, together with the Department of Justice and possibly the White House, have engaged in an unlawful effort to protect the President and there's others that I could read, as they have sought, I believe to destroy your character, so I'm going to give you the opportunity to answer very clearly. Are you motivated by politics in your work or your professional behavior? Excuse me, sir cups. Are you motivated by politics in your work or your professional behavior? No congressman, okay, I'm just gonna leave it I am NOT, I am NOT, political I am NOT. Partisan and I did not look to be sitting here. As the Acting Director of National Intelligence I thought that there were perhaps other people who would be best and more qualified to do that. But the president asked me to do this and it was my honor to step up and for the well of the long I'm doing it to lead and support the intelligence community. Okay, thank you. Do you believe that you have followed the laws and policies impressive in the way you've handled this complaint? I do I know I. Do I have you in any way sought to protect the President or anyone else from any wrongdoing? I have not what I have done is endeavored to follow the law. Thank you. Do you believe that you had a legal responsibility to follow the guidance of the office of legal counsel? The opinion of the office of legal counsel is binding on the executive branch. Thank you now, there's been a big deal made about the fact that this is the first whistleblower complaint that has been withheld from Congress, but it's also true. Isn't it that it's the first whistleblower complaint that has potentially falls under executive privilege- and it's also the first time that included information that was potentially outside of the authority of the DNI? Is that true to the best of my knowledge, congressman that is correct, okay and I will say to my colleagues sitting here: I think you're nuts, if you think you're going to convince the American people that your causes, just by attacking this man and by and impugning his character when it's clear that he felt there's a discrepancy at the potential deficiency in the law. He was trying to do the right thing. He felt compelled by the law to do exactly what he did and yet the entire tone here is that somehow you're a political stooge who has done nothing but try to protect the president, I just think. That's nuts and anyone watching this hearing is surely gonna walk away with the clear impression that you are a man of integrity who did what you felt was right, regardless of the questions and the innuendo that has cast by some of my colleagues sitting here today. I liked, one more thing before I yield my time I think we can agree that leaks are unlawful and that leaks are damaging, and for heaven's sakes, we've seen plenty of that over the last three years and there's a long list of leaks that have had clear implications for our national security, meaningful implications for our national security I want to know. Do you know who was feeding the press information about this case and have you made any referrals to the Department of Justice for unlawful disclosures? Yes, sir, do you know do you know who is feeding information about this case? No, okay, now think, do you think it'd be appropriate to make to make a referral the Department of Justice to try to determine that I believe that anybody who witnesses or sees any wrongdoing should refer any wrongdoing or complaint to the Department of Justice? For for investigation, including investigation about leaks that is called classified information, yes, congressman any wrongdoing, all right! Well, I, don't know what time it is because our clock isn't working I. Suppose my time is up, but I would conclude by emphasizing once again good luck, convincing the American people that this is a dishonorable man sitting here. Good luck, convincing American people that he has done anything to what he thinks is right and if you think it scores political points with your friends who have wanted to impeach this president from the day he was elected, then keep going down that road, Thank, You, congressman I, would only say director. No one has accused you of being a political stooge or dishonorable. No one has said so. No one has suggested that you, because it is thank you, but it is accurate. It is certainly our strong view and we would hope it would be shared by the minority that when the Congress says that something shall be done, it shall be done and when that involves the wrongdoing of the president, it is not an exception to the requirement of the statute, and the fact that this whistleblower has been left twisting in the wind now for weeks has been attacked by the president should concern all of us, Democrats and Republicans that this was ever allowed to come to be that allegations this serious and this urgent were withheld as long as they were from this committee. That should concern all of us, but no one is suggesting that there is a dishonor here, but nonetheless we are going to insist that the law be followed. Mr. chairman, will you yield mr. Quigley Thank You? Mr. chairman? Thank you, sir, for your service and for being here. As you know, those in public life who work and deal with other countries- ambassadors, secretaries of state, many in the intelligence field, they're vetted. They go for approval before the Senate. They have to get clearance, and you understand the policy reasons for that. Correct, yes, congressman. Do you have any issues with civilians without approval without vetting, without clearance taking on those roles? Yes, I do congressman, and- and why would you have those concerns well in order to be in order to be able to handle sensitive information, whether it be diplomatic or certainly, intelligence, information one must be vetted. This is the important part of preventive of protecting national security and in order that we just can't bring people in and automatically wave a magic wand to put holy olive water on them to give them a security clearance. It is a matter of vetting for me to come back into government. The FBI went back for 15 years and my background examined all of my financial records to make sure that I was in fact worthy of having an intelligence clearance, and we do the same thing with the intelligence community, everybody who is subject or everybody who is privileged. If you have access to intelligence information, is a sacred trust. The American people expect us to keep them safe, as I said earlier. In order to do that, we need to ensure that any person who has access to this sensitive information of the United States has been thoroughly vetted to ensure that they are able to handle it. And for me it's not just the Intel issues. It's the issues of national policy that people have an official role that they carry out on behalf of the United States, and we know what their role is correct. Yes, congressman I would what is your understanding right now of what mr. Giuliani's role is? Mr. congressman, congressman Quigley I respectfully just referred to the White House to comment on the president's personal lawyer, a okay, so so far what I've declaimed is you see that he's his personal lawyer? We read in the complaint we read in this modified transcript. He's mentioned five times your reaction to the fact that this civilian, without any of these vetting, has played this role. No sir, all I'm saying is that I know what the allegations are. I'm not saying that the allegations are true and that's where the committee I don't think, there's any question the credibility of the complaint in the in that's in the transcript the president mentions and speaks highly of mr. Giuliani, a highly respected man. He was the mayor of New York. A graver I would like him to call you I will ask him to call you, along with the Attorney General, your reaction of civilian dealing with these in the complaint. It talks about our national security that the specter generals talks about this as the highest responsibilities among those that the DNI has, and obviously mr. Giuliani is playing this role to your knowledge. Does he have security clearance? I, don't know congressman Quigley I'm, neither aware or unaware whether or not mr. Giuliani has a security clearance. Before this all happened, were you aware of his role or understanding what his role was doing, what you do congressman Quigley, my only knowledge of what mr. Giuliani does I have to be honest with you, I get from TV and from the news media I am not aware of what he does in fact, for the president. Are you aware of his in communication by mr. Giuliani and your office about how he should proceed with this role? Given the classified nature, the national security implications that are in the complaint that there in the transcript in the role that he is playing well I, have read the transcripts just as you have so. My knowledge of his activity in there is just limited to the conversation that the President had with the president of Ukraine. So we respect your role and while we have differences of opinion, we continue to respect your your integrity and your honor. But we have all this vast amount of experience you have and we need to understand how it plays juxtaposition with the complaint I'm reading, an OMB official informed departments and agencies that the president earlier that month had issued instructions to suspend all US security assistance to Ukraine. Your reaction to that congressman, Quigley I think that anything that has to do with the president's lawyer in these matters should be referred to to the White House and the president for that I'm. Just reading the Congress reading that complained, I lead and I support the intelligence community and the 17 different departments and agencies. Underneath my leadership. I do not lead the president and I have no authority or responsibility over the White House you're aware, with all your experience of the fact that we have this relationship with Ukraine that they are dependent upon us, and this complaint doesn't concern you. You can't say that publicly that it concerns you there's a lot of things that concern me I'm, the director of national intelligence and this one. Here, though, I just have to defer back to the conversation that the President had is his conversation. How the President of the United States wants to conduct diplomacy is his business and is not whether or not I approve it or disapprove of it. That is the president's business on how he wants to conduct that sir. The issue is whether it commits a crime and that bothers you at the time of the gentleman has expired director. You may complete your answer. If you wish. Excuse me, sir, if you wanted to respond, you may no I'm fine. Thank you chairman. Mr. vadik, thank you mr. McGuire. Thank you for being here. We appreciate your life of public service. My question relates to prior to the transmission on August 26th from the IG to the DNI. Were there any conversations that you had with the IG prior to august 26 related to this matter? Congresswoman there's been a lot. That's happened in the last several weeks. As far as the timeline is concerned, I think that I'd like to take that and get back to you and give you a full chronology if I may on the actual timeline of events. That will be very helpful to this committee in terms of if there were any preliminary conversations, what was discussed and if there was any action taken as a result of those conversations, I want to turn to the complaint itself, which is made public for the American for the American public to read, and let me preface this by saying that I greatly appreciate your statement that you believe the whistleblower is operating in good faith. I think that's very important for Americans to hear, but on page one and I'm not going to improvise for parody purposes. Like the chairman of this committee did I'm going to quote it directly on page one, the complaint reads quote: I was not a direct witness to most of the events described. This seems like a very important line to look into and I think the American public will have questions in particular about that line. So my question to you is for the record: did the IG fully investigate the allegations into this complaint at this time? Has the IG fully investigated the allegations in this complaint? As I said earlier, congresswoman I believe that the intelligence community Inspector General did a thorough investigation with the 14-day timeframe that he had and under that time lane to the best of his ability, made the determination that it was both credible and urgent. I have no reason to doubt that Michael Atkinson did anything but his job sure. So when you talk about a full investigation where the veracity of the allegations in the complaint looked into, there were many references to White House officials. Do you know if the IG spoke with those White House officials? Do you know if he investigated again the truthfulness of these allegations, or was it a preliminary investigation? Congressman I'd have to defer to the IG to respond to you on that, but to all I do know I'd, although I do not know the identity of the whistleblower I do know that Michael Atkinson had, in fact you know, discussed this with the whistleblower and found his complaint to be a credible. As far as who else you spoke with. I am unaware of what went on in Michael Atkinson's investigation into this matter. So as of today, the only individual that we know the IG spoke with is the auth is the complainant? Is the author and the whistleblower congresswoman? What I'm saying is unaware, who else Michael Atkinson may have spoken to I'm, just unfamiliar with his investigative process and everybody that he spoke to in this regard? Thank you for the answer on the record again for the American public they're gonna have many questions as they read this complaint today and because on page one, it says no direct knowledge. I think it's very important that we conduct our. What that we have questions answered for individuals that do have direct knowledge and with that I yield back Thank You congressman mr. swallow Thank You. Mr. McGuire, do you agree that the definition of a cover-up is an attempt to prevent people from discovering a crime? Say? That's close I mean I'm, sure, there's others one. But I don't disagree with that, sir, and in the whistleblowers complaint that whistleblower alleges that immediately after the president's call with the president of Ukraine on July 25 White House lawyers moved quickly to direct White House officials to move electronic transcripts from one computer system where it was normally stored to a secret classified information system. Is that right, languish? Woman um should be sir I apologize Congress? Is that what was a legend in the possible or complain? Congressman, yes or no? Oh sure all I know is. That is the allegations that would I'm asking me that that's what's alleged, that's the allegation and you read that allegation and the first people that you go to after you read that allegation are the White House lawyers who are telling the White House officials who see this transcript and move it into a secret compartmentalized system. But those are the first people you go to well, let's say a couple of things: is that yes or no? Yes, but okay, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna keep going here. So you get this complaint inspector general says urgent, credible. You have no wiggle room to not go to Congress and instead you send your concern to the subject of the complaint. The White House. So did the White House tell you after you sent your concern about privilege. Did they tell you to go to the Department of Justice? Next, we might by team by counsel and consultation with the intelligence. Community. Inspector General went to the office of legal counsel so and then we were not directed to do that. We and mr. McGuire's. You said that this did not involve ongoing intelligence activities. However, the whistleblower says that this is not the first time that the president's transcripts with foreign leaders were improperly moved to an intelligence community code. Word system is that a part of the allegation I believe that in the letter and I will let the letter speak for itself, sir? Well, what can also speak for itself is that if a transcript of the foreign leader is improperly moved into an intelligence community classification system, that actually would involve your responsibilities. Is that right? Not necessarily that is I, do not. It is not underneath my authority and responsibility, and once again this is an allegation that has been made does not necessarily mean that that is a true statement and the allegation was determined to be urgent incredible by the Inspector General. Is that right? Yes, it was so. Would you also want to know, though, considering that you are the Director of National, Intelligence and transcripts are being moved into a secret intelligence system, whether other transcripts, perhaps maybe the president's phone calls with Vladimir Putin with MBS of Saudi, Arabia or air Dewan of Turkey or kim jeong-hoon? Would you want to know if those were also being improperly moved, because the president is trying to cover up something congressman, how the White House the office of the executive office of the president, then the National Security Council conduct their business is their business? Well, it's actually your business to protect America's secrets. Is that right, it's all of ours. Yet this committee, as well and if there's cover-up activity, because the president is working improperly with a foreign government that could compromise America's secrets- is that right, congressman there is an allegation of a cover-up, I'm sure an investigation and before this committee might lead credence or just proved that, but right now all we have is an allegation and allegation for secondhand information from a whistleblower I am a develop knowledge or whether or not that is true an accurate statement. The Department of Justice opinion you realize said that you were not responsible for preventing foreign election interference. Is that right? That was in the opinion, what the office of legal counsel did was over eleven pages. No, they engaged opinion defining and explaining their addressed ofin for it not complying with urgent. Are you responsible for preventing election interference, election interference by a foreign government congressman election interfere, I, hope you know this answer is yes or no? Are you responsible for preventing election interference by election interference is war, the intelligence community? Is it your priority, though? Yes, it is okay, so this complaint also alleges a shakedown with a foreign government by the United States president invent involving a rogue actors. Mr. quigley pointed out who has no clearance, no authority under the United States and an effort by the White House to move the transcript of this call to a secret system. Is that right? That's at least what's alleged congressman I believe that election security is my most fundamental priority. However, this complaint focused on a conversation by the president with another foreign leader, not election security and yield back. Thank you, Thank You congressman, and if that conversation involve the president requesting help in the form of intervention in our election, is that not an issue of interference in our election? Once again, this was sent to the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Do I understand that, but but you're not suggesting. Are you that the president is somehow immune from the laws that preclude a u.s. person from seeking foreign help in a US election? Are you what I am saying chairman schiff? Is that no one? None of us is above the law in this country? Mr. Hurd Thank, You chairman animals, pleasure to be here with you, I tell all my friends all the time that I've gotten more surveillance as a member of Congress and I did as an undercover officer in the CIA and I think you've gotten more arrows shot at you. You know since you've been DNI, then you did in your almost four decades on the battlefield, a specific question: the letter that's contained in the whistleblower package. It's actually dated August, 12th and I recognize. This may be a better question to be asking the IC IG. That letter is dated August 12th, and it's to the chairman of this and it's Select Committee on Intelligence and to the chairman of this committee. Do you know if the whistleblower provided that letter to those two chairmen, concurrently with the IC IG, no congressman as I said earlier, I believe that the whistleblower and the IC IG acted in good faith and followed the law every step of the way good good, good copy? We've talked about the way the law on on the whistleblower statute is is says you shall share if it's decided to be an urgent concern. However, best practices has always been to share, regardless of whether that urgent concern. Do you see any reason, a negative impact on the intelligence community? If that legislation was changed to say all whistleblower complaints should be shared. With, with the committee's that that's correct, and in addition to that congressman I mean, let's just say, the allegation was made against a member of this committee I. You know members of this committee, although you are in the Intelligence Committee, are not members of the intelligence community and as the DNI I have no authority or responsibility over this committee. But my question is: do you think that if every whistleblower complaints that was brought to the intelligence community, Inspector General was always shared with this committee? Would that have any impact on intelligence, equities and I asked that because I don't know why, when the statute was written, that it didn't say all should be shared rather than only urgent concern and my question to you as the head of the intelligence community, do you think if we changed that law, would it have impact on intelligence, equities, I, I? Don't think that a law could be changed to cover all things that might possibly happened? I think we have a good law I think it is well written. However, as I said congressman, this is unprecedented, and this is a unique situation. Why this one is it's? Why we're sitting here this morning? Sure and I hope we're not in this position again. However, if we do find ourselves in this position again, I don't want to make sure that there's not any uncertainty in when information should be shared to this committee was the odni or under you or under your predecessor, aware of an OMB decision to suspend Ukrainian aid, as was alleged in this complaint. As far as I am concerned, personally, congressman no I have no knowledge of that, and I am unaware if anybody within the odni is aware of that. I just don't know the answer to that when in any and I apologize for lot of these legal questions that may be best directed at somebody else, but I feel, like you have a perspective. When does OLC office of legislative legal counsel, legal counsel. Excuse me a guidance override laws passed by Congress. The office of legal counsel does not override laws passed by Congress. What it does is it passes legal opinion for those of us who are in the executive branch and the office of legal counsel. Legal opinion is binding to everyone within the executive branch. Good copy and I have two final questions. If I'm gonna ask them together to give you the time to answer aside, then both what is your assessment of how intelligence operations in general are going to be impacted by this latest episode and when I say episode, I'm, referring to the the media circus, the political circus, the technical issues that are related to this whistleblower revelation- you alluded to it in some of your previous questions, but I would I would like your your assessment on how this can impact intelligence operation in the future and I do believe. This is your first time testifying to Congress in your position. Right and I would welcome in the end I know this is off a little off topic what he used to see or greatest challenges and threats to this country as the Director of National Intelligence. Well, I. Let me answer the latter part of that. I think that the greatest challenge that we face is not necessarily you know from kinetic strike or with Russia or China or Iran or North Korea I. Think. The greatest challenge that we do have is to make sure that we maintain the integrity of our election system. We know right now: you know that there are foreign powers who are trying to get us to question the validity on whether or not our law, our elections are valid, so first and foremost, I think that protecting the sanctity of our election within the United States, whether it be national city state local, is perhaps the most important job that we have with the intelligence community. Outside of that, we do face significant threats. I'd say number one is not necessarily kinetic, but cyber. This is a cyber world. We talk about whether or not the great competition is taking place with Russia and China, and we are you know, building ships and weapons to do that. But in my estimation the great competition with these countries is taking place right now and is doing that in the cyber animal. My time is I. Think running out is like the broader implications on intelligence operations of this current whistleblower situation. Well, I will tell you, in light of this, I clearly have a lot of work as the leader of this community. To do you know to reassure Mike, to reassure that. You know the intelligence community that, in fact, you know that we I am totally committed to the whistleblower program and I am absolutely absolutely committed to protecting the anonymity of this individual, as well as making sure that Michael Atkinson, who is our IC IG, continues to be able to do his job unfettered, but I think that, with that, I certainly have to be proactive. In my communications with my team, mr. chairman I yield back the time. I may not have mr. Castro Thank You chairman Thank You director McGuire, for your testimony today. I want to say thank you also to the whistleblower for having the courage and the bravery to come forward on behalf of the nation. Thank you to mr. Atkinson, also the Nspire to general for his courage and coming forward to Congress. You mentioned that. You believe that the whistleblowers report is is credible with the whistleblowers credible that the whistleblower acted in good faith. You've had a chance now, as we have and I believe, the American people have had an opportunity to review both the whistleblower complaint and the transcript that was released of the phone call between the President of the United States and the president of Ukraine. You've read both documents by now. Haven't you yes congressman? Would you say that the whistleblowers complaint is remarkably consistent with the transcript that was released? I would say that the whistleblowers could complain is in alignment with what was released yesterday by the other president. Okay I want to read you a quick section of both to underscore exactly how accurate and consistent this complaint is on page 2 of the whistleblowers complaint, the whistleblower says, according to the White House officials, who had direct knowledge of the call, the president pressured mr. szalinski to and then there's a few bullet points. The first one says initiate or continue an investigation into the activities of former vice president Joseph Biden and his son hunter Biden and the third bullet point meet or speak with two people. The president named explicitly as his personal envoys on these matters. Mr. Giuliani and attorney general Barr, to whom the president referred multiple times in tandem in the transcript that was released on page four of the first paragraph into what looks like the third sentence. President trom says the former ambassador from the United States, the woman was bad news and the people she was dealing with in the Ukraine were bad news, so I just want to let you know that the other thing there's a lot of talk about Biden's son, that Biden stopped the prosecution and a lot of people want to find out about that. So whatever you can do with the attorney general would be great. Biden went around bragging that he stopped the prosecution etc. Do you have reason to doubt what the whistleblower brought forward getting back into Michael Atkinson some determination on whether or not was credible or urgent concerned as the DNI? It is not my place to ensure that it is credible, that is the IC IGS job. As the inspector he has determined that it is credible. My only trouble was that, in fact, it involves someone who is not in the intelligence community or in an organization under which I have authority and responsibilities outside the Director McGuire. You agree that it involved intelligence matters. It involved an issue of election interference. It involved an investigation of us persons, including a former vice-president, if you had knowledge or the CIA had knowledge that a government was going to investigate or drum up an investigation against a former vice president. Would that not class that wouldn't qualify as an intelligence matter? Would that qualify as an intelligence matter? Yes or no well, I, don't mean to say that's kind of a hypothetical question, sir and I I. Don't think it's high, but that's that's exactly. What's in the transcript? That's what he's asking for what the complaint they complained, but that's what the president is asking the president of Ukraine to do he's asking the president UK crane to investigate a former vice president of the United States. Does that qualify as an intelligence matter that the CIA would want to know? The conversation was by the president to the president of Ukraine, as you know, and it is mr. McGuire I understand, but that cannot be. That cannot be an ultimate shield against transparency. It can't be an ultimate shield against accountability. The president is not above the law. One thing that you haven't told us is if, if, if your office or if the Inspector General is not able to investigate, then who is able to investigate a congressman Castro once again serve as I mentioned several times so far, although it did not come to the committee, the complaint was referred to the Judicial Department for criminal investigation. This was not swept under the rug. I have I have one more question for you. Why did your office think you to peel the IGS determination about quote-unquote, urgent concern to the DOJ that has never been done before it's never been done before. This is unprecedented in that in the past that there has never been a matter that the Inspector General has investigated. That did not involve a member of the intelligence community or an organization that the Director of National, one last point I, would make with respect to you keep saying the president is not part of the intelligence community I believe he is. The president. You agree has the ability to declassify any single intelligence document? Do you agree? That's true. The president has original classification authority out then. How is that person outside of the intelligence community? Excuse me he is the president of the United States above the entire executive branch. Thank you. Thank you, congressman mr. Radcliffe. Thank chairman, Admiral good, to see you good to see you again, sir. You served in the Navy 36 years you commanded SEAL, Team 2 and you retired, as Vice Admiral of the Navy correct, that's correct, congressman right and despite the fact that, after that service, you became acting DNI 23 days after the Trump Solinsky call, and four days after the whistleblower made his or her complaint, you were subpoenaed before this committee after being publicly accused of committing a crime. Correct, yes, congressman chairman chef wrote a letter on September 13th, accusing you of being part of a quote unlawful cover-up and then the Speaker of the House took it one step further. She went on national TV and said not once but twice that you broke the law that you committed a crime. She said the Acting Director of National Intelligence blocked him, meaning the IC IG from disclosing the whistleblower complaint. This is a violation of the law. You were publicly accused of committing a crime you're also falsely accused of committing a crime, as you have so accurately related. You were required to follow, not just an opinion of what the law is, but the opinion from the Justice Department an 11-page opinion about whether or not you were required by law to report the whistleblower complaint, correct, that's correct, congressman and that, and that opinion says the question is whether such a complaint falls within the statutory definition of urgent concern that the law requires the DNI to forward to the Intelligence Committee. We conclude that it does not. They read that accurately I better have right, that's an opinion not from bill Barr. That's an opinion from the Department of Justice Ethics lawyers, not political appointees, but career officials that serve Republicans and Democrats the ethics lawyers at the Department of Justice that determine that you did follow the law, so you were publicly accused. You were also falsely accused, and yet here today, I haven't heard anything close to an apology for that. Welcome to the House of Representatives, with Democrats in charge. Let me turn to the matter that we're here for a lot of talk about this whistleblower complaint. The question is at this point, given what we have, why all the focus on this whistleblower, the best evidence of what President Trump said to President szalinski, is a transcript of what President Trump said to President szalinski of not casting aspersions on the whistleblowers, good faith or their intent, but a secondhand account of something someone didn't hear, isn't as good as the best evidence of what was actually said and to that point, despite good faith, the whistleblower is in fact wrong in numerous respects and I know everyone's not going to have time to read the whistleblowers complaint. But the whistleblower says that I am deeply concerned talking about the president that there was a serious or flagrant problem, abuse or violation of the law. Whistleblower then goes on to say: I was not a direct witness to the events described. However, I found my colleagues accounts of this to be credible and then talking about those accounts of which this whistleblower complaint is based on the whistleblower tells us. The officials that I spoke with told me and I was told that and I learned from multiple US officials that and White House officials told me that and I also learned from multiple US officials that, in other words, all of this is second-hand information. None of it is first-hand information. The whistleblower then goes on to cite additional sources. Besides those secondhand information, those sources happen to include mainstream media. The sources that the whistleblower basis is complaints on include the Washington Post The New, York, Times Politico, the hill Bloomberg ABC, News and others. In other words, much like the steel dossier. The allegations in the whistleblowers complaints are based on third hand, mainstream media sources rather than first-hand information. The whistleblower also appears to allege crimes, not just against the president, but says with regard to this scheme, to solicit interference from a foreign country in the 2020 election. That quote the president's personal lawyer. Mr. Rudolph Giuliani is a central figure in this effort, and attorney general bar appears to be involved as well, but buried in a footnote. A couple of pages later, a couple of pages later the whistleblower admits I do not know the extent to which, if at all mr. Giuliani is directly coordinating his efforts on the Ukraine with attorney general bar attorney general does know, because he issued a statement yesterday saying there was no involvement. My point in all of this is again the transcript is the best evidence of what we have and so that the American people are very clear. What that transcript relates is legal communications. The United States is allowed to solicit help from a foreign government in an ongoing criminal investigation, which is exactly what President dropped Trump did in that conversation. So if the Democrats are intent on impeaching, the president for lawful conduct and be my guest I yield back Thank You, congressman rightclick mr. heck Thank You mr. chairman director, thank you for being here serve. Thank you very much for your service. I want to step back a little bit and kind of put into perspective, I think what's at stake here. Obviously, yesterday the White House released the transcript of that July 25th conversation between President Trump and President szalinski, and we now know that this phone call was indeed a part of the whistleblower complaint. Yesterday, the chair at a press conference characterized the president's conversation and that call as a shakedown of the Ukrainian leader. It was not suggesting that it was a shakedown for either information or money, but instead it was a shakedown for help to win a presidential election which is coming up next year. So now, let's fast rewind to May 7th of this year, when FBI director Christopher Rea, testified before the United States Senate. That then I'm, quoting now any public official or a member of any campaign, should immediately report to the FBI any conversations with foreign actors about quote influencing or interfering with our election. The director ray is, of course the top cop in the United States of America. You agree with director ray. Do you not, sir congressman heck I, do not disagree with director ray, and is that the same thing as you agree with him, sir? Yes, okay, let me go on pass the word. It was referred to the FBI. Let me fast-forward was it referred to the FBI by the president who actually engaged in the conversation? The note was not let me fast-forward to June 13th when that's five weeks in advance of that, when the chair, the Federal Elections Commission, made the following statement. Follow me: please, let me make something 100% clear to the American public in anyone running for public office. It is illegal for any person to accept, solicit or receive anything of value from a foreign national in connection with a US election. This is not a novel concept. Election intervention from foreign governments has been considered unacceptable. Since the beginnings of our nation, do you agree with the FEC chair, whine tribe, mr. director I, agree that our elections are sacred and we any interference from an outside source is just not not what we wanted to solicit or accept. It is illegal. I, don't know about that. I'm, not a lawyer, sir I. Don't mean to be evasive, but I think it is okay for a public official to solicit or it may be. Okay, you do not know the law in this regard, you think it may be. Okay for a candidate or an elected official to solicit foreign interference in our election. I cannot believe you're saying that you're not really saying that right, I'm, not saying that Congress Ben Heck at all. So we should note that the FEC chair was prompted to say this, because it was just literally literally the day before that the President of the United States sat at the resolute desk in the most iconic room in the United States the Oval Office, and said that FBI director Ray was wrong. You're, obviously disagreeing with that. He also said that he he would consider accepting foreign help and, of course, yesterday we learned that the President did in fact did in fact do exactly that solicited that help director, whether it's this president or any president, do you believe it is okay for the President of the United States to pressure a foreign country into helping him or her win an election congressman heck I believe that no one is above the law and we've discussed what we think applies to the law. So it is illegal to solicit. No I can't answer that I got to kisser I can't reconcile your two statements. Is it okay for a president to pressure any president to pressure a foreign government for help to win an election? It is on why it is unwelcome. It is bad for the nation to have outside interference any farting, corn and and by extension it would be equally unacceptable to extort that assistance as well I mean all I know. Is that I have the transcripts, as you have I, have the whistleblower complaint, as you have and I wasn't referring to the whistleblower complaint, but if any president were to do this and I accept your answer, I I think it's beyond ik, unacceptable director. Yes, sir I think it's wrong and I think we all know it I think we were taught this at a very young age and there's a voice within most of us. Unfortunately, evidently not all of us that suggest that it is wrong. It is illegal and it is wrong and I. Thank you, sir, and with that I yield back but congressman. If I may just ask as the answer once again, I've run out of time. Sorry no you've got don't you my answers. Thank you director, director go ahead, feel free to respond. Once again, it was referred to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, not by the president. No by the by this office right and by the office of law by the director ray said that any candidate or elected official should immediately report it. He didn't say that the director of all and I should report it. Although you should- and you did to thank you, but the person involved did not do what director spray said should occur period. Thank You, congressman, Thank You, mr. Welch Thank, You, director I, want to say thank you there's nobody in this room who can claim to have served their country longer and more valiantly than you and I heard in your opening remarks that your family, before you has been committed to this country and I say. Thank you. Second I appreciated your candor. When, in your opening statement, you acknowledge that the whistleblower acted in good faith and third, I apprec-- your acknowledgement that the Inspector General also acted in good faith and, according to his view of the law and I, want to say this. When you said you're in an ich unique position, that's an understatement. You've got a complaint involving the President of the United States and also the United States Attorney General I disagree with some of the decisions you made, but I have no doubt whatsoever that the same sense of duty that you applied in your long and illustrious career, guided you as who made these decisions. So thank you for that. But I want to ask a few questions about the extraordinary document that came to your attention. The DNI has jurisdiction over foreign interference in our elections, correct and, of course, you're aware, as we all are, of the Moller report and his indictments against 12 foreign nationals Russians, who actively interfered in our election. Correct I have read the report: yes yeah, so it's just a huge responsibility that your agency has correct in this case because of the two things you mentioned, that the president is the one person, that's above the intelligence community in your sense about executive privilege, you didn't fall, you did not forward the complaint to us. Correct I did not vote, but yes, congressman Welsh, because I was still working with the White House. No I I understand that you've been very clear on that. But let me just ask a hypothetical just to show the dilemma that you were in. Let's say a u.s. senator who was well-connected or a private citizen, really well-connected, had access to and had a conversation as a result of that with a foreign, the leader of a foreign country, and asked that person for a favor, the u.s. senator, let's say, of providing dirt on a political opponent. Is that something that you would see that should be forwarded to this committee? Congressman I don't mean to be disrespectful, but it very difficult to answer hypothetical questions. I'm not sure I, understand well, I won't make a hypothetical, let's say. Instead of being a conversation between president and the president Ukraine, it was a u.s. senator who, let's say, was the head of the Foreign Relations Committee and was asking for the foreign leader I understand. So would you forward that to our committee, sir? That would not be once again. I. Think I mentioned that a little bit early in our conversation that the United States Senator is not a member of the intelligence community and the Director of National Intelligence, you know, does not have the authority and responsibility for the US Senate. So any long wrongdoing in that regard should be referred to the Department of Justice for criminal investigation. Well, I'd respectfully disagree with you, because, obviously that would be a solicitation by that u.s. senator for interference in our elections and that's in your jurisdiction, correct. Well, it elects an election interferences, a date yes congressman well sure, okay and but once it got congressman, although it is as far as what the legal responsibilities to do in compliance with the intelligence reform at The, Whistleblower Protection Act it does not. This statute does not allow for that to be done. Well, I. Disagree with that, sir, but here's the dilemma that you were in and we're in, but we're gonna now be able to follow up because the executive privilege, if it existed, was waived under your approach. As you saw it, it means that no one would be investigating the underlying conduct, because in this case, executive privilege applies or may apply and number two. The president who had the conversation is above the law. So that's a dilemma for a democracy. Is it not? The complaint was sent to the Federal Bureau of Investigation totally, disregarding any concern for a I could have privileged answers, but the the the Federal Bureau of Investigation never did a follow-up investigation right I believe that they have concluded the investigation I'm, not sure, in addition to being involved with this matter here, I also have other pressing matters and I apologize in the Justice Department led by mr. Barr, who is a subject of the complaint. Is the department that provided the opinion that there's no action to be taken? I believe that the Attorney General was mentioned in the complaint, perhaps early subject of the complaint, sir, he was made. He was mentioned too, sir. All right I yield back. Thank you, Irishman Wells. Thank you, sir Thank You, mr. Maloney, director Maguire. What was your first day on the job? My first day on the job was Friday. The 16th of August and I. Think I set a new record in the administration for being subpoenaed before any yeah yeah you had it. You had a heck of a first week. Didn't that much going. For me, sir. The complaint is dated: August 12th, whatever else you've done. Writing your career, sir, your timing is, it's got to be something you worry about. Congressman I, think the Dan Coates timing is better than mine. Sir, looking there's been a lot of talk here today about the process. I just want to just summarize a couple of things: if that's okay, so you're you're in your first couple days on the job sir you're you're hit with this complaint, and- and it says that the President of the United States pressure to foreign leader to help him investigate a political opponent and and that political opponents, son in fact that that president asked the foreign leader to to work with a private citizen, mr. Giuliani and the Attorney General of the United States bill bar on that scheme. The president. At that time, not in dispute, was withholding 391 million dollars of assistance holding that over that Ukrainian President's head. That Ukrainian president raises in the conversation how US military assistance, javelins defensive weapons he's got Russian troops in his country. The wolf is at the door. The president asked for a favor complains about Ukrainian reciprocity. Not getting enough from you. That's what reciprocity is right. We got to get something from you. If we're giving something to you. He names the political opponents by name the Biden's Ukrainian president says he'll: do it it'll? Do the investigation, that's what you're hit with and you're looking at that complaint that, in the second paragraph alleges serious wrongdoing by the President of the United States, and the first thing you do is go to the president's men at the White House and women and say, should I give it to Congress and in the second paragraph of that complaint, sir, it also suggests the Attorney General could be involved, and the second thing you do is go to the Attorney General's people at the Justice Department and ask them if you should give it to Congress. Sir I have no question about your character. I've read your bio I. Have some questions about your decision and the judgment in those decisions. Scenic conflicts here, congressman Maloney I have a lot of leadership. Experience I do and, as you said, it came to me very early on in this. The fact that I was just I am the acting DNI and I was still using Garmin to get to work that this came to my attention involving the President of the United States and the important matter of this in the past, as I said before, I have always worked with legal counsel because of the magnitude and the important decision I just sir as it as it as a naval officer for years. I just thought it would be prudent. I understand also want to say, sir. If I may, my life would have been a heck of a lot simpler without becoming the most famous man of the United. Don't doubt that at all sir, my question, sir, is is when you were considering prudence. Did you think it was prudent to give a veto power over whether the Congress saw this serious allegation of wrongdoing to the two people implicated by it? Is that prudent I have to work with the situation as it is congressman Maloney only the White House can determine or waive executive privilege. There is no one else to go to and as far as a second opinion, my only Avenue of that was to go to the Department of Justice Office of Legal Counsel, and you understand you understand, sir, that if unchallenged by your own Inspector General your decision that prudence would have prevented these serious allegations from ever reaching the Congress quick question in response to mr. Himes I think you left the door open that you spoke to the President of the United States about this whistleblower complaint. Sir, did you speak personally to the president United States at any time about this complaint congressman once again, I am the president's intelligence officer. I speak to the president. I cannot say: what's director I know you speak to the president a lot. It's a simple question. Sir: did you speak to him about this whistleblower complaint? Yes or no congressman Maloney? My conversation with the president United States is privileged, so you're, not denying that you spoke to the present I'm, not asking for the contents or underspend I want the content. Why did you or did you not speak to the president about this whistleblower complaint? I? Speak to the president about a lot of things and anything that I say to the President of the United States in any form is privileged. Not asking for the content. Are you denying that you spoke to the president? I am just telling once again, I speak to the president and anything I say to the president is confidential. Thank you, sir sorry got me that's the way it is I understand. Thank you and director. You understand we're not asking about your conversations of the president about national security, about foreign policy, about the National Counterterrorism Center. We just want to know. Did you discuss this subject with the president? You could imagine what a profound conflict of interest that would be to discuss this subject this whistleblower plane with the president, you can say I did not discuss it with him. If that's the answer that doesn't betray any privilege- and you can say I did discuss it with them, but I'm not going to get into the content of those conversations that question you can answer chairman chef's. Once again, you know my conversation, no matter what the subject is with the President of the United States is privileged conversation between the Director of National Intelligence and the president miss Demmings. Thank you so much mr. chairman and director McGuire. Thank you for being here with us today. Thank you for your service. What do you come? I know. You said that you took your first Earth in 1974. That's that's a long time, but a long time to be proud of the service. I took my first oath in 1984 when I was sworn in as a law enforcement officer and I. Thank you so much for saying that public service is a sacred trust because, regardless of the circumstances or who's involved, public service is a sacred trust. I've had an opportunity, as a law enforcement officer, I'm a member of Congress now, but to investigate internal cases involving other personnel. I've had an opportunity to investigate numerous other cases, criminal cases and never once just for the record director McGuire did I ever go to the suspect or the defendant or the principal in those cases to ask them what I should do in the case, there's been a lot of talk this morning. The whole discussion, the whole reason why we're here senator centers around the u.s. relationship with Ukraine I, think you would agree that Ukraine is very dependent on the United States in terms of assisting them and defending themselves. Could you, based on your many years of experience in the military and now in your new position, talk a little bit about that relationship and how important it is for the United States to assist Ukraine if they're ever going to be able to to defend themselves. Yes, congressman I think that the United States has been extremely supportive of Ukraine. I would say that they are relying on us there as they rely on other people in Europe, and I would also say that the United States is probably paying more of their fair share for the support of Europe of Ukraine than the others. The threats are real for the Ukrainian people, and the stake of freedom and democracy is also where the even though it's in the Ukraine is also a very much good. So, based on that, you would say, Ukraine probably could never get there without the for it. In the assistance of the United States are from the United States of America. I would say that if others were willing to step up and support, they might be able to get there, but they are not. We are we're we're there and so I think you've said it would be difficult for Ukraine to meet that goal of defending themselves. Without our support, correct I would say it would be a challenge as congressman. This complaint outlines a scheme by the President of the United, States and I'm, not really sure what to call Rudy Giuliani these days. What his role is, maybe he's the new fixer I'm, not sure, but either way it involves a scheme to coerce Ukraine. This country, that you say, is so very dependent on the United States to defend themselves, to coerce Ukraine and to assist in the president's reelection efforts in 2020 in the report from your Inspector General, the memo that was sent to you. It says on July 18th, the Office of Management and Budget official informed the departments and agencies that the president earlier that month had issued instructions to suspend all US security assistance to Ukraine. Neither OMB nor the NSC staff knew why this instruction had been issued during interagency meetings on the 23rd of July and the 26th of July OMB officials again stated explicitly that the instruction to suspend this assistant had come directly from the president, but they were not oh, but they were still unaware of a policy rationale. The 23rd 26th on the 18th. This issue first came up where the president wasn't sit rescinding or suspending that assistance that you said Ukraine so desperately depends on the Director McGraw. We deal in what's reasonable here and I. Believe your Inspector General included that in the report, because this whole issue of is about Ukraine's position, relationship with the United States, their dependency on the United States, and the president's efforts to coerce Ukraine and to engage in in an illegal and improper investigation. Do you believe that's why your Inspector General added that about suspending their support to Ukraine I, think that Michael Atkinson found it to be credible and he viewed that it was a matter of urgent concern to forward to this committee. You think it's reasonable for the American people and for this committee on both sides to believe that there is a correlation or a nexus between the president, suspending the aid and the conversation that took place on the Congress with a follow-up conversation. Yes congresswoman, that is the allegation that is made and I did not have access to the transcripts by only information was the IC IGS cover letter and the allegation whistleblower allegation. The other information come into light yesterday, as released by the president changes things in different light. Mr. chairman may I just ask one more just quickly, very one more quickly. My understanding is that the attorney the inspector general is a career intelligence person. He's worked in the Department of Justice he's received numerous awards for outstanding exemplary performance. Did you have any reason to deny or not believe, his conclusions in every area of this report that he was directly involved in congresswoman? Michael Atkinson is a valued and trusted colleague. I respect him tremendously. The question came down to as we just over and over again urgent concern and whether or not the intelligence community Whistleblower Protection Act as written, allows me to forward it to this committee. That's where I got stuck ma'am and I'm. Sorry. Thank you. Direct Thank, You congresswoman I want to ask you a couple questions about the time surrounding July 25th to the time that you came into office as DNI. As you know, the phone call between President Trump and the Ukrainian president happened on July 25th of this year, correct I, believe July, 25th, I. Believe sir at least one of them happened on July 25th. At that time the DNI was dan dan coates and his deputy was sue gordon. As you know, the whistleblower claim was filed on August 12th of this year, and then you took office on August 16th four days later. Yes, sir, prior to taking your new job or since did you discuss the July 25th call or the whistleblower complaint with DNI coats? I wouldn't have taken the job if I did no sir, and how about with Sue Gordon, no, not at all I, don't believe up to the best of my ability. I do not think that either director coats or our principal deputy Sue Gordon have any sense whatsoever about this whistleblower complaint or that Michael Adkins had had it before your current role. Did you discuss Ukraine with President Trump, no congressman I haven't discussed, I haven't discussed Ukraine with anybody. Let me put it to you that way. You haven't discussed Ukraine with anybody in your current role as the Acting DNI. Well, as we intelligence reports, we, you know, we've got about 190 countries out there, so whatever the president's Daily Brief is and matters to pertain to that, but as far as intelligence equities in that region. Right now, this has just not been something that has come to my attention in the six weeks that I have been to the acting DNI. Now turning to the whistleblower and the inspector general, you don't know the identity of the whistleblower right, congressman I do not, and I've made it my business to make sure that I do correct and you don't know his political affiliation, obvious I do not I do not know this or her political affiliation and, of course, you believe that the whistleblower was operating in good faith. I do and without bias. I, don't know about that. I do not know about that. I do believe that. But you have no reason to believe that he or she was with bias. Correct I just believed that the whistleblower was acting in good faith, but you have no reason to believe that the person was biased. I would not know whether he bias or not by a sir I just don't know, and of course you will do everything you can to protect the whistleblower from any attempts to retaliate against him or her correct I will not permit the whistleblower to be subject to any retaliation or adverse consequences for going to the IG. I am absolutely committed to it and, unlike the whistleblower, you do know the inspector general. Obviously I hold him in high esteem and like the whistleblower, he also operated in the highest faith. Right I believe that Michael Atkinson, yes and interestingly mr. Atkinson was actually appointed by President Donald Trump right. Yes, he was he's a presidential appointee at what lens real credibility to the whistleblowers complaint is the fact that mr. Atkinson, an appointee of the president would actually bring forward a complaint against his boss and that's something that is especially courageous. What I want to hear from you is that you will also do everything you can to protect mr. Atkinson from potential retaliation congressman absolutely very good. Now the White House released a Memorandum of telephone conversation from the July 25th 2019 call right. I believe that was what was transmitted yesterday morning, sir, and they call that a telcon in the jargon of these memoranda is that right, I am familiar. This is the first time I've ever seen. The transcript of a presidential conversation with the foreign leader. Okay, have you been melt on would be short for telephone conversation, though exactly and have you been a party to a conversation between the president and a foreign leader on a phone call when I am in the office to provide the intelligence brief to the president, some foreign head of state might call in the president, may either ask us to leave or just stay there for a brief call from time to time. Yes, sir, and there are note takers who actually scribble down furiously, what's being said on this call, if they are no takers, they would not be in the room, Oval Office with us. They might be listening or somewhere Elser like from the Situation Room, and in this point, where I don't know, but somewhere within the White House you and and within this particular situation. Maybe more than a dozen people were on the phone call it that's not like. That's the allegation, yes and they were all taking notes. Presumably, if they're a good public servants- yes congressman, we're here too, and and were you ever a party to a call where the notes that you took were then given to someone at the White House for keeping I have never been party to any call other than my own and I would take notes from my own at my level or as the Director of National Intelligence counterintelligence tants I happened to be there and he felt comfortable enough to leave me for a brief conversation, but it's not anything that I would be in that office, particularly for that matter. Thank you for your service. Well, thank you. Congress been very much. Thank you and I'd like to recognize the ranking member for any final questions that he would have Thank You mr. chair mr. McGuire I just want to thank you for your attendance here today. Congratulations for surviving legal word challenge to raid today. I suspect. Hopefully, we'll see you behind closed doors like this is supposed to be done and I would just urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. If they would like to impeach the president, they need to go to the floor of the house and actually call for a vote. The Intelligence Committee is not an appropriate place to try articles of impeachment, so there is a process in the Constitution that I would advise. You all follow the meantime director McGuire I am I want to apologize to you for being accused of crimes that you have not committed. It's totally inappropriate behavior for anyone to accuse someone that served for decades. Like you I hope you do not have to go through this any longer and with that I yield back the balance of my time. Thank You, ranking member I appreciate history. Director I have a few more questions just to follow up because I thought I heard you say a moment ago that you had no communication with the president on the subject of Ukraine. Did I understand you to say that I have not particularly had any conversation with anyone on the subject of Ukraine that didn't deal with the matter that we have right now in regard to the whistleblower complaint, so I'd, not particularly with the office of legal counsel. As far as mentioning Ukraine or as far as the Justice Department, all I did was send the documents forward. The allegations are in there and I just let the document speak for themselves, so you're saying that you did not have any conversation on the subject crane that did not involve this complaint that that's correction, I mean I mean I've been to the acting DNI for six weeks. There I have I'm just trying to understand, because that is suggested that you did have a conversation involving the complaint with the president. No no! No, that is not what I said she. Okay, director, you mentioned early on when we were on the subject of what the Inspector General was able to investigate or not investigate whether the president is within the intelligence, community or subject of the intelligence community and by the way the statute doesn't require that the subject of the complaint be within the intelligence community. It requires the whistleblower to be an employee, your detail. He doesn't require that the subject the person complained of be an employee of the intelligence community, but you have adopted an interpretation by the Justice Department that essentially says the president is above the director their prayer. Therefore, the president is not subject to the jurisdiction of the director. Therefore, it doesn't meet the definition of urgent concern. Therefore, the Inspector General is done. Jerem extra general can't investigate any more. That's the Inspector General's reading of the department opinion that he is no longer a to investigate. This is that you're reading, as well chairman, not necessarily the president, but the allegation has to relate to the funding administration, an operation of an intelligence activity with the responsibility and the authority of the Director of National Intelligence I'm, just trying to get to whether the president is somehow beyond the reach of the law. Yes, certainly they don't know Merced in this country's beyond well III, that's the way it should be, but I'm trying to figure out whether that's the way it is as a practical fact. The Inspector General believes that, based on the opinion that you requested of the Department of Justice, he is no longer allowed to look into this because it doesn't meet the definition of an urgent concern because it involves the president is that your understanding of the department opinion as well that the Inspector General no longer has jurisdiction to look into this. It is my understanding that both the Inspector General and I and my team are waiting for that. We were waiting for the resolution of executive privilege to be determined. It is now no longer executive, privilege, I'm, not sure exactly what the statute has. As far as what Michel can do, but we also are looking for a way now executive if, if I did not send it forward, as you know, under urgent concern within two seven days, then the statute would allow the whistleblower to come to you and still be protected the director, but because my committee, my point, is this: the Department of Justice has said because this doesn't meet the statutory definition, because this involves the president. The Inspector General has no jurisdiction to investigate now. If this Inspector General has no jurisdiction to investigate, because the president is above the agency, no Inspector General has jurisdiction to investigate. That's the. That is the effect of that opinion, which do you disagree, I, believe that the opinion was based on the reading of the statute and whether or not the situation here is compliant and comes underneath. The statute. The office of legal counsel opinion was that, based on the criteria that you're required to have in order to support this legal statute, it does not and also said that, because of that, it is not a matter of the intelligence community, but once again as well that that, however, you met so forward and that's the that's the key issue director, because it involves the president, it does not involve the intelligence community. That is the sum and substance, and the effect of that is the Inspector General has told us that he no longer has jurisdiction to investigate and by the logic of that opinion, nor does any other Inspector General. Now, as you point out, this was referred to the Justice Department's referred to the FBI and Justice Department, that Department under Bill Bar and with breathtaking speed, decided there's nothing to see here, decided that we don't believe that this constitutes a violation of the campaign, finance laws and therefore we're not authorizing an investigation. The FBI is not authorized to investigate any of this any of this, so the IGS can't do it according to the Department of Justice, the FBI can't do it because it doesn't meet their threshold. That makes it were the investigation. So at this point only this committee and this Congress is in a position to investigate and I, want to ask you going to the whistleblower complaint, whether you believe these allegations are worthy investigation. Whistleblower says: I have received information from multiple US government officials that the President of the United States is using the power of his office to solicit interference from a foreign country in the twenty twenty u.s. election. You would agree that should be investigated. Would you not chairman the horse has left the barn. You have all of the information you have the whistleblower complaint. You have the letter from I see IG. You have the office of legal counsel opinion. Yes, but anyway, yes, we do. But would you agree that if there's a serious and credible and investigation that you agree, there should be an investigation? I believe that it is a matter to be determined by the chair and this committee well I'm asking you as a career military officer, someone who I greatly respect and I admire your service to the country. Do you believe if there is a credible allegation by a whistleblower, corroborated by apparently multiple US government officials, that the president states is using the power of his office to solicit interference from a foreign country in the 2020 election? Do you believe that should be investigated? I, don't believe in who's, corroborated by other folks? The whistleblower says that he spoke or she spoke to about a dozen other people. This is second-hand information, yes, but they have criticizing the whistleblowing yes, but the Inspector General took those two weeks, as you well told us to corroborate that information. Now we don't know which, if any of these officials, the inspector general spoke to and found it credible and you've told us that you have no reason to believe otherwise am I right. I had no reason to doubt a career inspector general lawyer in his determination on whether or not it was credible. That is something for Michael to determine and and- and let me ask you this- the whistleblower also says over the past four months, more than half a dozen US officials inform me of various facts related to this effort to seek foreign interference. You would agree that we should speak to those half a dozen US officials. Would you not I think that you have all the material that the committee needs and I think it's up to the committee, how they think they need to proceed? I'm asking your opinion. It has the head of our intelligence agencies. Why do you think that we should talk to those other people and find out whether the whistleblower is right? My responsibility, too, is to get you the whistleblower Letter the complaint and the other information released. I have done my responsibility, that is on the shoulders of the legislative branch and this committee. Let me ask you mr. ector, the whistleblower also says: I am also concerned that these actions pose risks to US national security and undermine the US government's efforts to deter and counter foreign interference in u.s. elections. You would agree if there's a credible allegation along those lines that we should investigate. It I agree that if it was an election interference, the complaint do is not about election interference. It was about a classified confidential diplomatic conversation involving election interference by the president sought by the president that doesn't take it out of the realm of seeking for an assistance. It makes it all the more pernicious. Wouldn't you agree, I I guess, I said I, don't disagree with the IG I cease assessment that it was a credible matter. The whistleblower further says, namely he, the president sought to pressure Ukrainian leader to take actions to help the president's 2020 reelection bid. You would agree that that should be investigated, not necessarily sir I mean as far it was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. No, it wasn't yes, went to know that the Department of Justice concluded that this wouldn't violate the election laws. Now, no one, no one can understand how they could reach that conclusion. After the two years we've been through, but nonetheless they didn't authorize the FBI to investigate it. You would agree someone should investigate this. Wouldn't you I referred it if I didn't I would not have referred it to the Justice Department and to the FBI. Well, then, I'm glad that were in agreement, the whistleblower says they told me that there was already discussion ongoing with White House lawyers about how to treat the call because of the likelihood in officials retelling. They had witnessed the president abused his office for personal gain. You would agree that that should have be investigated. Wouldn't you all I know is that that's the allegation right and it's credible and therefore should be investigated right. Well it again, it is hearsay, secondhand information. It should come to this committee for further investigation. Thank you and I mean you. Have it you'll? Have the document I just wanted to confirm that we're an agreement that you think the committee should investigate it? The whistleblower also says Donald Trump expressed his conviction that the new Ukrainian government will be able to quickly improve Ukraine's image and complete the investigation of corruption, cases that have held back cooperation between Ukraine and the United States. This is the whistleblower citing the Ukrainian readout. You would agree that if the Ukrainian readout, when they're talking about corruption cases is talking about investigating Biden and his son and that that is held back the failure to do that is held back cooperation between our two countries. That should be investigated right. That's of a national summation. I, don't agree with with any of that. What I did not agree that it should be investigated? What I said was that I complied with my requirement to send you the documents by his committee, and then it is up to the chair, a ranking member and this committee members to decide what to do with that information I'm in no position well tell the chair or the committee to do an investigation and not do an investing I find a remarkable that the Director of National Intelligence doesn't think credible. Allegations of someone seeking foreign assistance in a u.s. election should be investigated. Let me ask you this. The whistleblower further says in the days following the phone call I learned from multiple US officials that senior White House officials had intervened to lock down all the records of the phone call. Do you have any reason to believe that the whistleblowers allegation there is incorrect? I have no idea whether it is correct or incorrect. Sir someone should find out, though right excuse me, someone should find out if it's correct, don't shouldn't they I, don't know. If that is a incorrect allegation, I mean I. Just do not know again that that is the work that is the business of the executive branch of the White House and the Office of the White House. No corruption is not the business or it shouldn't be of the White House or anyone else. House decides to do with their privileged communications and information. I believe is the business of the White House. Do you believe that's true. Even if that communication involves crime or fraud, I'm sure you're, aware there's a there's an exception to any claim of privilege. The privilege can't be used to conceal crime or fraud before any crime or fraud or instances of wrongdoing should be referred to the Justice Department for investigation, as I did whistle. Blower further alleges that White House officials told the whistle blower they were directed by White House lawyers to remove the electron electronic transcript. That is of the call from the computer system in which such transcripts are typically stored, and instead it was loaded into a separate electronic system that is used otherwise used to store and handle classified information of especially sensitive nature. One High, White House official described this act as an abuse of electronic system. I do not know whether similar measures were taken to restrict access to other records of the call such as contemporaneous handwritten notes taken by those listened, and we should find out shouldn't we German chief when I received the letter from Michael Atkinson of the 26th of August. He concurrently sent a letter to the office of White House Counsel, asking the White House Council to control and keep any information that pertained to that phone call on the 25th. It was a lengthy letter. Michael would not be able to address it better, but I do believe that the I ciji know that the IC IG has sent a letter to the White House Counsel, requesting that they keep all of that information. But you would agree that, if there's a credible allegation from this credible whistleblower that White House officials we're moving these records into a system that was not designed for that purpose in an effort to cover up essentially potential misconduct that that ought to be looked into. You would agree with that. Wouldn't you I to the best of my knowledge when this allegation came forward. This whistleblower complaint on the 12th of August I have no idea what the timeline was as far as whether or not the White House the National Security Council or anybody involved in that conversation, what they did with the transcripts where they put them I just have absolutely no knowledge nor the timeline of that German. It is not something that would be under my authority or responsibility. The whistleblower makes a series of allegations involving mr. Giuliani sites reported the New York Times about his planned trip to Ukraine, to press the Ukrainian government to pursue investigations that would help the president in his 2020 re-election bid. You would agree that if the president was instructing his personal lawyer to seek again foreign help in a u.s. presidential election that that would be improper, I believe Muller described such efforts to seek foreign assistance as unethical, unpatriotic and very possibly criminal. Would you agree with director Muller that that to seek foreign assistance, that way would be unethical unpatriotic and very possibly a violation of law. I believe that mr. Giuliani is the president's personal lawyer and whatever conversation that the president has with his personal lawyer, I would imagine would be by client attorney a privilege. I am in no position to criticize the president that the United States on how he wants to conduct that and I have no knowing of what mr. Giuliani does or does not do. Let me ask you about the last couple allegations of the whistleblower I learned from US officials that on or around 14 May, the president instructed vice president pence, the cancellous plan traveled to crane to attend president zelinsky's inauguration on 20 May Secretary of Energy Rick Perry led the delegation. Instead, according to these officials, it was also made clear to them that the president did not want to meet with mr. Solinsky until he saw how szalinski quote chose to act unquote in office. I do not know how this guidance was communicated or by whom I also do not know whether this action was connected with the broader understanding described in the unclassified letter that a meeting or phone call with the president and president Solinsky would depend on whether szalinski show the willingness to play ball do whether mr. pence, vice-president Pence's trip was pulled because of an effort to find out first whether Ukraine was willing to play ball chairmanship. No I do not I have no knowledge of any of that. Until this information came to me from the IC IG, I have absolutely no situation, awareness or no knowledge of any of those facts. Would you agree that if the vice president's trip was canceled in order to put further pressure on Ukraine to manufacture dirt on mr. Biden, that that would be unethical, unpatriotic and potentially a crime? I do not know why the vice president of the United States did not do that. I do know what the allegation was within the whistleblower complaint and I. Don't know whether that allegation is accurate or not. Mr. chairman. Finally, the whistleblower says on July 18 and Office of Management and Budget official informed departments and agencies that the president earlier that month had issued instructions to dispense, suspend all US security assistance to Ukraine neither OMB nor the NSC staff knew why this instruction had been issued. Senator McConnell said the other day that he spoke with the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State, and he didn't know why the instruction had been given. Doesn't that strike you as suspicious director that no one on the national security staff? No one in the senior leadership apparently of the party here in Congress that had proved the aide understood why the president was suspending a doesn't that strike you as just a little suspicious chairman chef I'm. Just unaware be honest with you how those decisions are made and at once again I just know, situation awareness of what happened well, with the only funding for as a military man. If this military aid was withheld from an ally that is fighting off Putin's Russia and it was done so to be used as leverage to get dirt in a u.s. political campaign, don't you think that should be investigated? I have no reason to believe I. Do not understand. I have no situation awareness if that was withheld or why it was withheld. Mr. chairman, well I can tell you we are going to find out director I want to thank you for your tennis today. I want to thank you again for your service, as my colleague underscored. Mr. Welch and I completely share his sentiment. No one has any question about your devotion to the country. No one has any question about your acting a good faith. I want to make that very clear, I think you're, a good and honorable man. Like my colleagues, I, don't agree with the decisions you made. I agree with the Inspector General's view of the law and I'm deeply concerned about the message this is sent to other whistleblowers about whether this system really works. If the subject of a complaint can stop that complaint from getting to Congress, then the most serious complaints may never get here and I want to thank the whistleblower for their courage. They didn't have to step forward. Indeed, we know from the whistleblower complaint. There were several others that have knowledge of many of the same events and I would just say to those several others that have knowledge of those events. I hope that they too would show the same kind of courage and patriotism that this whistleblower has shown. We are dependent on people of good faith to step forward when they see evidence of wrongdoing. The system won't work otherwise and I have to say to our friends in Ukraine who may be watching just how distressing it is that, as their country fights to liberate itself from from Russian oppression as it fights to root out corruption in in their own country that what they would be treated to by the present United States would be the highest form of corruption in this country that the president, United States, would be instead of a champion of democracy and human rights and the rule of law would instead be reinforcing with you, the new Ukrainian president who was elected to root out corruption, that instead the message that president would be. You can use your Justice Department just call bill bar. You can use our Justice Department to manufacture dirt on an opponent that that's what democracy is. You can use foreign assistance, military systems, vital assistance as a lever to get another country to do something. Unethical. The idea that that a a fellow democracy is struggling democracy would hear those messages from the President of the United States I just want to save the people of Ukraine. We support you in your fight with Russia. We support you in your struggle for democracy. We support you in your efforts to root out corruption and what you are witnessing and and what you are seeing in the actions of this president is not democracy. It is the very negation of democracy. This is democracy. What you saw in this committee is democracy as ugly as it can be as personal as it can be as infuriating as can be. This is democracy. This is democracy I. Thank you, director. We're adjourned. Thank you very much. Mr. chairman, you.