I would now like to turn to the complaint and provide a general background on how we got to where we are today on August 26th, the Inspector General forwarded to me from an employee in the intelligence community. The Inspector General stated that the complaint raised an urgent concern, a legally defined term under Whistleblower Protection Act that has been discussed at length and our letters to the Committee on September, 16 and 17 before I turn to the discussion about whether the complaint means the definition of urgent concern. I first want to talk about an even more fundamental issue. Upon reviewing the complaint, we were immediately struck by the fact that many of the allegations of the complaint are based on a conversation between the President and another foreign leader. Such calls are typically subject to executive privilege. As a result, we consulted with the White House counsel's office and we're advised that much of the information, the complaint was in fact, subject to executive privilege, a privilege that I do not have the authority to waive. Because of that, we were unable to immediately share the details of the complaint with this committee, but continued to consult with the White House counsel's in an effort to do so. Yesterday the president released the transcripts of the call in question and therefore we are now able to disclose the details of both complaint and the Inspector General's letter transmitting to us. As a result, I have provided the House and Senate intelligence committees with the full unredacted complaint, as well as the Inspector General's letter. Let me also discuss the issue of urgent concern when transmitting a complaint. To me, the Inspector General took the legal position that, because the plate complaint alleges matters of urgent concern and because he found the allegations to be credible, I was required, unto the intelligence community whistleblower protection act to follow the complaint to our oversight committees within seven days of receiving it, as we have previously explained in our letters. Urgent concern is a statutorily defined term to be an urgent concern. The allegations must, in addition to being classified, assert a flagrant, serious problem, abuse or violation of law and relate to the funding administration or operation of an intelligent activity within the responsibilities of the Director of National Intelligence. However, this complaint conduct this complaint concerns conduct by someone outside the intelligence community unrelated to funding administration or operation of an intelligence activity under my supervision, because the allegation on the face did not appear to fall in the statutory framework. My office consulted with the United States Department Justice Office of Legal Counsel and included. We included the Inspector General in those consultations. After reviewing the complaint and the Inspector General's transmittal letter, the office of legal counsel determined that the complaints allegations do not meet the statutory requirement. Definition concern legal, urgent concern and found that I was not legally required to transmit the material to our Oversight Committee under The Whistleblower Protection Act, an unclassified version of that Office of Legal Counsel. Memo was publicly released, as you know, for those of us in the executive branch office of legal counsel, opinions are binding on all of us. In particular, the office of legal counsel opinion states that the president is not a member of the intelligence community and the communication with the foreign leader involved, no intelligence, operation or activity aimed at collecting or analyzing foreign intelligence. Well, this OLC opinion did not require transmission of the complaints of the committee's. It did leave me with the discretion to forward the complaint to the committee. However, given the executive privilege issues, I discussed, neither the Inspector General nor I were able to share the details of the complaint at the time when the Inspector General informed me that he still intended to notify the Committees of the existence of the complaint. Mr. Chairman I supported decision to ensure the committees were kept as informed as possible of this process. Move forward. I want to raise a few other points about the situation we find ourselves in. First I want to stress that I believe that the whistleblower and the Inspector General have acted in good faith throughout I have every reason to believe that they have done everything by the book and followed the law, respecting the privileged nature of the information and patiently waiting. While the executive privilege issues were resolved wherever possible, we have worked in partnership with the Inspector General on this matter. Well, we have difference of opinions on the issue of whether or not is his urgent concern. I strongly believe in the role of the inspector general I, greatly value the independence he brings to and his dedication and his role in keeping me and the committee's informed of matters within the Intelligence Committee. Second, although executive privilege prevented us from sharing the details of the complaint with the committee's until recently, this does not mean that the complaint was ignored. The Inspector General and consultation with my office referred this matter to the Department of Justice for investigation. Finally, I appreciate that in the past, whistleblower complaints may have been provided to the Congress, regardless of whether they were deemed credible or satisfied the urgent, recurrent urgent concern requirement. However, I am not familiar with any prior instances where a whistleblower complaint touched on such complicated and sensitive issues, including executive privilege, I believe that this matter is unprecedented. I also believe that I handle this matter in full compliance with the law at all times and I am committed to doing so. Sir I appreciate the committee providing me this opportunity to discuss this matter, the ongoing commitment to work with the Congress on your important oversight role. Thank you very much, sir.