A big name in Canadian hockey broadcasting has been turfed at age. 85, Don Cherry has reached the point where his outrageous comments crossed a line on Saturday cherry implied. Immigrants can't be bothered to wear poppies for Remembrance Day. The complaints flooded in the broadcast standard council got so many. They said today. They can't accept any more and then Sportsnet announced cherry is stepping down effective immediately. It says he made divisive remarks that do not represent our values or what we stand for Eric Sorenson reports on why cherry lasted so long and what was the final straw? He is an iconic figure in the world of hockey and one of the most popular TV commentators in Canadian history and I'm wearing their tie right now. All right, let's go. He has blurted controversial comments throughout his broadcast career, but this went too far. You people love you you they come here whatever it is. You love our way of life. You love our milk and honey. At least you could pay a couple of bucks for poppies or something like that. His reference to immigrants, you people did not prompt an immediate response from his colleague Ron MacLean, but MacLean soon realized he should have intervened. I. Owe you an apology? That's the big thing that I want to emphasize. I sat there. I did not catch, it did not respond. Cherry's comments triggered a tsunami of criticism and an outpouring of support for the contribution of immigrants. People from all over the world came together to fight alongside one another. It was a two demonstration of diversity because no one cares about what you look like. Finally, it forced the hand of his employer Sportsnet, which stated following further discussions with Don Cherry after Saturday night's broadcast. It has been decided. It is the right time for him to immediately step down. Cherry himself did not issue an immediate apology in an interview with one newspaper he's quoted I know what I said and I meant it. He has said what he wanted to say for years and is not back down. I mean what do you see? I mean come on. Cherry has made derisively Spiegel the French, Swedes Russians and generally people. He just didn't agree with I've put that in your pipe. You, left-wing, Kooks I, would suspect that his sponsors also found out from their clients that they could no longer support Don doing these kind of messages. Cherry was also controversial in his promotion of fighting at other aspects of hockey, but he seemed to revel and stirring things up even about his own job. So I'm asking you guys do I have a job dead. Now he doesn't have to ask anymore. Ironically. Cherry's final broadcast drew attention to his comments about immigrants overshadowing his own intent to honor Canada's military veterans, Erik Sorensen, Global, News, Toronto,.