Just because of you come open up, we are extremely relieved that this has all worked out exactly as planned. We wish your greater all the best for your upcoming journey to North and South America. Well. All of this is very overwhelming, and the ground is still shaking for me so, but I want to thank everyone so much everyone who is here and everyone who who is involved in this climate fight, because this is a fight across borders across continents and it's it's. As you said, it is insane that a sixteen-year will have to cross the Atlantic Ocean to to make a stand and to- and this of course is not something that I want everyone to do. The trip was, it was very surprisingly, good. I did not feel seasick once so. That was, and I am very grateful for Tim aletheia and everyone else who has been making this trip possible and, of course, for everyone. Everyone else, every activist who fight daily to to save the world basically but to keep the fossil fuels in the ground and to create safe passage to I'm. Sorry, my brain is not working correctly. The climate and ecological crisis is a global crisis and the biggest crisis humanity has ever faced and if we don't manage to work together to cooperate and to to work together. Despite our differences, then we will fail. So we need to to stand together and support each other and and to take action because otherwise it might be too late. So, let's not wait any longer. Let's do it now. Okay, so we've got time for some questions. So if you could state who your questions for- and we will start okay, gentlemen- at the back there right now, I'm going to first finish this press conference and then go go back to the boats and get my stuff and then I'm going to rest and then on this Friday I'm going to join the school striking young people outside the UN which they have been doing for every Friday. Now for more than half a year. Yes, even on a sailboat in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean I I heard about the poorest in the Amazon rainforest the fires in the Amazon rainforest, and it is of course devastating and I. It's so horrible. It's hard to imagine I, so I mean we need to I mean this is a clear sign that we need to stop destroying nature and we need, and our war against nature must end and I mean the Amazon such a key to addressing the climate crisis and the ecological crisis. So that is incredibly important. We cannot understand how important it is so yeah. It's strange. Everyone always asked me about Donald Trump, but I mean my message, for him has just listened to the science and he obviously doesn't do that so I mean I as I always say to this question. If, if any, no one has been able to convince him about the climate crisis thing the urgency, then, why should I be able to do that so I'm just going to to now focus on on spreading awareness and that people in general will start caring and realize how big of a crisis this is I mean, of course, oil and gas has its ups and downs, and we need to to sort of realize the consequences from a bigger perspective of what it actually does when we use it. The way we use it today and and I'm pretty sure when Mills doesn't cause cancers and was what's the second question, my message to the all the activists to just keep going and I know it's a where it may seem impossible and hopeless sometimes, but it always does so. You just have to continue, because if you try hard enough and long enough, you will make a difference and if enough people stand together fight for the right thing, then anything can happen. I mean, of course, that is it's a huge focus on me as an individual and maybe in a way that takes away from the focus from the actual problem and so I mean, of course, I I wish. This was more not focused on me, but more as a whole and yeah so but I mean there's not much. I can do about that. If I, if what I'm doing makes it can make a difference and it if it can create attention for the climate crisis, then I am going to use that opportunity to to try to change things. Indeed, I'm going to to relax for some some days now and I will I won't really celebrate this trip or anything I will just be as normal, because that is what I enjoy it the most to do anything so go go for walks and eat fresh food, not to freeze dried and to be dry and to to clean myself. I am definitely coming to Chile, as it looks now and I'm going to try to get there, of course, without flying, so there will be a lot of trains, buses and probably even sailing as well. I will figure that out as time by and from cop 25 I expect I mean that must be some kind of breaking point. This United Nations climate action summits in September now and the cop 25. These two have to be a tipping point and I think I hope it will be because it must and I and many people with me are going to try to do everything we can to make sure that the world leaders have all eyes on them during these conferences so that they cannot continue to ignore. This I was how old I were when I first started to become a climate activists or I first heard about like found out about this issue when I was maybe seven, eight or nine years old and then I I realized. That's oh. This is actually very bad and I started to read about it more and more and when I became maybe 11 I became depressed and the climate crisis was a huge cause of that and because I just felt that there everything is hopeless and there's nothing. We can do when no one is doing anything and but then I sort of got out of that depression by promising myself. That I'm going to do everything I can to change things and that it's what I tried to do and I started to go to marches and demonstrations and to join organizations, and things like that. But I still thought things were too slow that nothing was really changing. So I I was desperate in a way tried to do something. Just anything, and then this idea of school striking came up and then I thought yeah, I might just as well. Try that and see if it works and if it doesn't then I will try something else and then I did it, and then it became huge very quickly. I mean what I say to to all leaders is that we have to take you. You have to take responsibility and see the bigger picture and, and of course, different countries have different. What is there, how do you think different ways or they're, depending on different things and and that, of course, we need to take into account that's and, of course, the aspect of equity, which is stated throughout the Paris agreement. We also need to take into account the different countries are on different developing levels and we need to make sure that everyone gets a just transition, because and that's why yeah I mean yes burning fossil fuels and that of course, creates more greenhouse gases in the atmosphere and increases the the percentage of several greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide and so yeah. That is, that is true, maybe, and of course, that, combined with deforestation and destruction of natural habitats, okay are not a good combination, because so yeah one thing I'm going to miss the most is to be disconnected from everything, and everyone do not have contact with anyone and to just not have anything you have to do and to just sit, put literally sit for hours and just stare at the ocean not doing anything that was great and I'm going to miss that a lot and, of course, to be in this wilderness the ocean and to see the beauty of it, and that I mean those are going to miss peace and quiet.