Now to Alberta and what premiere Jason Kenny calls good news and bad news. First, the carbon tax in a four to one decision, the Alberta Court of Appeal ruled federal carbon pricing is unconstitutional. The Alberta government argued a federally imposed. Carbon tax was a stepping stone that would allow Ottawa to interfere in provincial sovereignty. The court agreed calling it a Trojan horse. Heather murex west joins me from Calgary tonight, Heather tell us more about the ruling and what it means well Donna. This isn't the first time that a province has challenged the federal carbon tax, but it is the first time a province has won courts in both Saskatchewan and Ontario upheld the tax last year, and of course this is frame court. Well here, Saskatchewan appeal this spring. The federal Environment Minister, says audible will wait to see what the Supreme Court ultimately decides but says he feels confident that the federal position will be upheld. Alberta's premier, however, disagrees maintaining that provinces Chev jurisdiction when it comes to planning climate policies, Donna all right. Thanks, Heather and we'll come back to you in just a moment. The other big story in Alberta is about tech frontier. It's pulled the plug on a huge oil sands project in Alberta just before the federal cabinet was poised to give it a final, yes or no. It had support from indigenous communities and it passed all environmental reviews. Yet the company's CEO said there is no constructive path forward. Dawn's Lindsay says global capital markets are changing rapidly, and investors and customers are increasingly looking for jurisdictions to have a framework in place that reconciles resource development and climate change in order to produce the cleanest possible products and Maddie says, doesn't exist in Canada to be viable. This project also needed higher oil prices more pipeline capacity and more foreign investors. It's another sign. Canadian political leaders need to stop fighting and work together on a coherent climate policy. Here's Heather's report on that the massive frontier mine proposal was seen as a beacon of hope for this small oilfield servicing company. There were no real major projects that were being announced to hear the news this morning, I think was really devastating for for a lot of people, tech resources spent nine years and a billion dollars working the oil sands mega project through Canada's regulatory process. It had the support of indigenous communities in the region and despite questions around whether the project would be financially viable with oil down to fifty US dollars a barrel, the company believed it would be commercially viable. Instead, in his letter to the federal Environment Minister Sunday tech, CEO Don Lindsay placed blame on the political uncertainty around climate policy and the energy sector. The promise of Canada's potential will not be realized until governments can reach agreement around how climate policy considerations will be addressed. Without clarity on this critical question, it will be very difficult to attract future investment. It's going to take some strong and clear leadership to send a different message to global investors, because right now it's pretty easy to see this as a negative on the end of a string of negatives, Alberta's premier, who has been calling on Ottawa to approve the tech mine since December, has been quick to place blame on the federal government, but the federal Environment Minister says he agrees with the points raised by tech that all levels of government need to get on the same page. We agree, and we say we are taking strong action on climate change. We need to be working to collaborate with all of the provinces and territories. We need to be all on the same page, not fighting with each other, all over the price on pollution and those kinds of things we need to be working together and there is support for a carbon tax across the energy industry. Tech CEO stated that support in his letter Sunday the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers reiterated that support today as well. It's were only really only a small group of provincial Conservative premiers Donna that are opposed right, Heather, Eurex West. In Calgary tonight thanks this balance between energy growth, environmental policy and indigenous rights poses a big challenge for political leaders. Federal and provincial are Ottawa bureau chief Mercedes Stevenson joins me, Mercedes, there's a lot of anger, a lot of finger-pointing, and now this Alberta Court of Appeal ruling that the carbon tax is unconstitutional. Where does this leave the prime minister? Well Donna? It's another challenge for Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau, who is face test after test of his leadership and government since being reelected, and today's carbon tax decision adds to that mess playing into heated, partisan rhetoric across the country. Mr. Trudeau was elected on three key promises: the environment, the economy and reconciliation, and now all three of those priorities are colliding in a perfect storm that has rocked his government. Mr. Trudeau managed to dodge the bullet of having to make a cabinet decision on tech frontier, but in the eyes of some out west he is responsible. Nonetheless, weighing in the CEO of tech, frontier said that what was missing was a clear framework untainted by politics that would lay out how the country could reconcile resource development with climate change. That's something that mr. Trudeau has not managed to produce. Instead, there's a failure of a highly symbolic energy project and also no plan to meet the Kyoto targets. Much less the zero carbon footprint he's promising. Mr. Trudeau's commitment to reconciliation is also on trial, with indigenous leaders condemning today's opp arrests and the promise of more protests and blockades. With the slogan shut down. Canada has the business community warning that there could be fleeing foreign capital from Canada and saying more big projects could be sidelined with the economy being damaged if there isn't a solution soon, but make no mistake. This is not all on the Prime Minister. No other party has proposed a viable way forward on any of the three issues. There's lots of finger-pointing, but no constructive talk. Several premiers refused to bend on the carbon tax, as Heather said, and the same goes for major contenders for the conservative leadership like Peter MacKay. Despite shifting public opinion on the environment, there seems to be a vacuum of leadership and a plan on all sides: Donna, okay, Mercedes Stevenson and Ottawa Thanks.