The feedback to this podium for the second time in a few years, I'll say it's not great to see your mighty friend government, even after talking tails, I just wanted to take a break, we'll be forever absolutely I, love that a spa perhaps to take them out to the to power. The power that Deputy Prime Minister. So much for being here on I, have to say Roberts are very proud to have a Deputy, Prime, Minister and ministers suppressed Constitution resources is a fair price, so it can continue to share jobs well, come on for the same period of time, annual basis with retirement savings and pensions. A secret problem, University Graduate, School of International Affairs, broken all goals in the two decades, between 1994 and 2014. How is d23 percent of the year? The population accounted for 25 percent of the new jobs for the entire country, our companies in 2014. This is choco. All of those have seen their market cap declined by 90% reven sold, delisted, Vergara, insolvency event. This is devastating for Canada's financial industry and there's not a vanishing order in this country. That's not affected by then also happen to happen. A GDP is down. Thirteen percent overall have been the biggest deficits in Canada the fastest growing debt for large community of cities. The extent of this jobs crisis is obscured by tens of thousands of folks leaving the workforce, especially and the promises it's estimated energy sector jobs. To put that in perspective, think about this remember recall all the media attention focused on the tragic loss of three thousandth of the GM's attention to the 80,000 energy workers. These are statistics is 50% higher and according to research, from the University of Iowa school public policy for every 1% increase in the unemployment rate between you've seen 16 more people take the rise here in central Canada. There seems to be a misunderstanding: energy sector, everyday I, recall and commentary suggesting it's true that 2014 there was a sudden. The drop on 100 to 50 olive oil prices have stabilized the current benchmark, West Texas Intermediate around $60 a barrel which is well that the range of historical norms, as you can see on this truck, in fact it's hotter, but the average price since the 1947 since 1980 and I because of the 2014 price correction, Canadian producers have cut costs one-third becoming partition. Endeavor. Those third major oil sands producers will tell you that they can operate profitably now at $35 prices from West Texas. At the same time, and at the same prices we have seen a huge one of the gaps and other parts of the world. Global production of oil is up 10 million barrels a day over the past decade, producer for the first time in history, was fuelled by tens of billions of dollars, moving from Canada, specifically Alberta to the forgive the people, furred and Haken basins. In the u.s. drops crisis. Energy states like Texas, Oklahoma and North Dakota are experiencing sustained economic levels, so Prentiss Alberta submit that the difference is price. It is policy policies that have made our industry less and less competitive, driving draw operated. Investment under this country and a policies that appeal to delay pipelines mean that we are captive to the u.s. prices, the u.s. requirements, it's like taking our vanity jewels to the pawn shop according to social pay, the price this price differential costs, the Canadian economy, was sixteen billion dollars in the year. A year ago, it became so extreme that I've ever something Canadian alter the US. This surrender to US presidents will be doing Keystone XL, the killing of energy eased by changing the regulatory requirements hastily through the process by constant uncertainty. Delay is around the transmat extension that caused kindergarten to leave the country. Do men deserve an approval process which contributed to the cancellation of projects like petronas is 40 million dollar West Coast LNG project, which would have been the largest direct foreign investment in Canadian history car? Let's have the carbon taxes and regulations that are not imposed by any other major energy producer on earth which haven't had the effect of accelerating partment lead engine power play, and now the teeth will be problematic bills. Support Agency 69, we caucus c16. Our body creates huge new uncertainty for the future of Canada's resource industries at the worst possible time. It also constitutes we believe, a latent constitutional intrusion into jurisdiction to control the development of resources by one of my great defenders, esters, Peter Lougheed during the debates or any major issue of the Constitution in 1981 and the Constitution is their only promise. Who's superior section 92 a as a condition precedent of our concurrence with the Constitution's, be creation, 1981, Gibby provinces, exclusive authority to regulate the production of their resources. The tensions running high, bringing legislation that imperils connects market industry, take my dependent, be impossible, and rightfully so it should be on happy to be to you. It's a deal. - communistical, you just read a book on Islam, so that people who the situation that threats this these are ways is why we've seen a disturbing rise in alienation on Canadian Prairies and particularly in our EOC polls, indicated support right as high as 32 percent friend even interrogation. Let me be clear: how does what and serves me most in the poll? It is the indication that upwards of 80% of my upper to say they understand or to and parliamentarians from across party lines. Let us take seriously these challenges in a processes, but so much to build this country to be an engineer, social ability of progress of prosperity that is not in the state of diminishing or deriving these voices of frustration, the experiences of so many properties. My office's population has, in large part because of people from every opportunity. Society fishery- these traditional industries of center, the forestry in British Columbia, to enjoy opportunity in Alberta, first by the Deputy Prime Minister Cleveland, as minister of intergovernmental affairs, and our initial productive conversations about issues affecting Alberta's future. But I also have to say that we need to see me off: dress bar. We need to use some of the powers exercised, you're, not a marginal reach. New promise demographers protect the people in the not-too-distant future to proceed: British Columbia's, the third most populous province. Until recently, they have the second largest economy in Canada. Until this, and so will be society. The whole range of ways in which we can more effectively exercise our powers first you're seeking a firm, fixed and fast deadline to complete the transmission expansion. So we can bring investment and drops back to Canada I'm, specifically asking the government to commit to a holding and enforcing the rule, to ensure that this happens and to make it a priority to bring across nations into the project as equity partners as quickly as possible. And on this we offered a leading by example. We've just passed through the legislature, the creation of the Alberta indigenous opportunities corporation by a billion dollars, the Faith and Credit of the Alberta crown to facilitate appropriate financial participation in and co-ownership of major research projects, including respectively type arms, because we think it is an economic imperative. It would be okay in terms of completion of major projects, but we also recognize that we have a it is a world imperative of our generation. So how are indigenous people benefit from the resources that lie below the ground that their ancestors first of happened? I was between to the world, decides to do that to recognize the huge adversity. My promise that we will put those do something to create good and call them drops like reclaiming abandoned wells. At the same time, we seek repeal a bill c40 date and we'll see 69 recognizing to mitigate the uncertainty created by that okay. I'll, give you one example: we've got a huge conversion from calton, actually past firepower going on an Alberta companies need to build pipelines to create natural gas into their electricity price and, if they're, not the impact Act, that's - emissions that we can do together. Another of the resources that we create thousands of draws that has multiple deep partnerships with First, Nations and indigenous communities and I see her here from the meeting of it and they set out more than 80 people as well. Do you know I? Don't forgive her. Did she palette happen? How is the chief of the first triple operation occurs? Nation Allen has in the past to Leo DiCaprio Jane Fonda around the Opera. Was she had to the resources? We sure this points in common in our agenda. Let's find ways to deliver cheap request to the prime minister. Torah will be an equivalency recognition for Alberta's methane announced significant, so we asked that persist and see our insistence on the DNS in our arts called Burton's. Our patriotic interest, so I think only number of words see themselves as not only at home in their country, a country they have so dutifully served and to which they contributed. Disproportionately, then, is the responsibility of all Canadians, especially the national, to address that lucky they do it. The words of a man who spoke back to speak first town hall meeting conducted by a fair deal panel. He I, don't know this man. He stood up and talked about having for Canada in Afghanistan, probably PPC a lot I hope you did. The forces become a good pain group in the oil patch in Africa, where he proudly reported that his Canadian company fallen, except Larry, environmental, social and governance, poverty rate to Alberta. He lost his job and has been out of work for the past two years. Here's how he feels today goes just because were right, just because we have the right and as well that's what I worked. Is why it's? What we need? We hope that's what we'll get in a fair deal within the foundation. Thank you very much. Anyway. Let's take questions. I Missouri that went long. The truth be told much to the frustration of my environment. The spirits of my staff I have to exercise 10 pages about the Markman social determinants of the occupy initiatives and I'm happy to take questions so I'm gonna hand this over to Alan and we're gonna roll in the room. Please keep your questions very brief, so more people going to have a chance to hear what they were like. My question is: what do you use to try to share with us on the recent appointment of our economy as US special envoy for climate change, kind of action, climate finance, and do you think there would be areas of operation? Was that asking for too much well I think there may be in fact I'm hoping to see my friend governor Carney in London as early as next week. You might be otherwise in the UK elections, but I do hope. It's up when we have a chance to to traffic Merck about his new responsibilities and I can share with it. The part of the answer to the challenges we face of climate change can be found in cabinet energy industry, but bear with me a moment. According to the International Energy Agency, their best projection base for the Sabbath school policies dead set is for the world to be consuming 110 million barrels per day crude oil in 2040 and a 35% increase in natural gas consumption. By that, according to their most stringent conservative, very protraction with these coming out of a change of policy, we need full compliance with Paris. They protect 70 million barrels per day crude oil in 2040. So that's 10. There vector projection is 70, that's just off thirty percent or thirty thirty million barrels per day from where we are now. The question is who will be providing that along because even over converted to electric cars percent, 25 percent is caustic products that is generated from industry. This turning energy I think is electricity during the three-day cyclone on a pattern. No one is close to solving the problem of reliability, hard way to make steel where's the fertilizer to cement the pasta where's our going to come from two planes fly through the survived, because you put numbers on the spreadsheet. There is no substitute for how the industrial economy runs today. Another mister case you supports renewable energy is trying to say is: yes, there is a transition. There must be a direct transition. We change since the year, 2000 ever incredibly attracted me to supply another 20% yeah major produce, usually CMR L, that make energy who have a commitment themselves publicly to net zero carbon on the energy that they produce. There's an entire generation of technologies coming on the street, replacing water with dissolves that will radically reduce energy consumption and water usage and after Haskell Jana's power source and carbon capture, utilization and storage at sequestration. We have a carbon trunk line that we're building from a plant used to that Benson, an operator to help with enhanced oil recovery. The episode a venturi Basin, which is one of the best to geological formations in the world for carbon sequestration, CC new axis, becoming that we believe scalable there's so much, and this doesn't happen by accident itself. It's Canada's energy industries that have been invested, tens of billions of dollars over the years in this kind of technology, so I would say in a world where 70 million barrels being consumed 20 years from now. This is CTO barely pressing on the question of liquefied natural gas I understand if we were to fully satisfy the future demand for LNG in China and India, so happy to convert off a heightening coal to much lower six of the agreement, we'd like to work with them, I could go on. But the point is this: in the real world, the real world of which Bill Gates speaks to constantly do better. Really Alberta was the first jurisdiction in North America to have a person partner, which we just increased with their major emitters. Lighting so with the impression of the are being the perilous about this visit. Is the power have an imperative, but we think that at the end of the day we should be the last best source. You know: I first met Prime, Minister Narendra Modi, when he was chief minister to Iraq in 2007, I, believe and I. Thank you for coming they're, the very first. The next thing he said was: how quickly can we get your Canadian liquid natural gas? He was building a huge algae import facility at that time in into Iraq, which, as you know, is West India and unfortunately, there we are problems later, not an inch closer and he has to import his led primarily from hot dog, a regime which finances extremism and indirectly, terrorism, which sometimes targets India. That's why he so that's what he wants: Canadian LNG. So thank you for championing your project, consult energy and, let me just say: I really believe that about energy can be a nation project. We need to adopt Asia suppose we have all ten all three territorial governments of all parts of strikes in favor of Mg I. Have my disagreements we prevail ago about a prospective pipeline to to the East Coast, but he is clearly in favor of the two proposed energy export facilities, including energy saguenay, because he sees the role that it could play uptake rating drops at home, but I'm just releasing co2 emissions abroad, strongly in favor of facilitating additional energy export projects and almost every first nation indigenous group in British, Columbia synched. Up with that artist right across the spectrum. Provincial territorial governments and First Nations lined up obvious you've developed resources that can also be beneficial to the global environment. I think we should seize this opportunity to dance professionally they're good sorry for also on that was definitely not Christy at the 30-second answer. With a bit question for mr. Graham actually conducive to you for the rest of the afternoon and as I listen to you, I'm certainly struck by the complexity of the Albert economy and my Canadian economy, and by the impact of that complexity. All of us on our Canadian society, on very human issues and all of us as human beings and all the Canadians and I am very thankful for your leadership and for challenging leadership across the country to think differently. I'm thankful for provoking the public discourse for provoking the public debate. I'm thankful that you're here today and on behalf of the Canadian Club the bottle and all of us in this room today. Thank you for being here.