Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome my friend and you're, bringing thank you for another great round, Thank You Loreen folks, don't you love the ring Harbor sense. Reading, LaFrieda, mug and I were a girl who grew up on a farm started her own small business. It is passionate about conserving our great Alberta outdoors and was a key part of the success of one of the greatest Prime Minister's in marketing such an amazing representative of both Alberta and Hanna wait. It's warming proposes it all right, crank up the AC, because it's gonna be loud all right, France, 862 days ago, tens of thousands hundreds hitting together in a sword Democratic decision to the race unity, to focus on the future - salud Alberta. First, by creating this new movement, Alberta's United Conservative Party. Today's no economies through the largest Democratic mandate in our provinces in history, with over a million votes. We pass for a party in the first time in over the history tonight. We gather here united and I promise by that mandate to determine to keep faith with elders and we Arduino Saturday. After today we are eating our crops. We are focused relentlessly on jobs. The economy and high ones is acting with unprecedented see to get over backward to make life better ground burns and set it up for our prawns together through our hardware, hard work, we're sending the message to Canada and the world Alberta's coming back Albany here. Thank you for the sacrifices that you make to fight for the strong and prosperous. Thank you delegates to the tens of thousands of members of all the tears of the voters who you represent thanks to our traditional board. Does the policy committee, as opposed to the urban artists that is HUGE, is a successful BGM? Thank you for all that they do for our problem. Chicken Zamalka me they are wonderful, outgoing. The president Erica Ruiz. Well, you said I was the quotes, energizer bunny, going in the wrong direction. Well, I did when you can see that energized about going the right track, I'm in South, Boston, disaster connected grassroots members and, together with the fantastic ball which turkey on our first elected board, helped to build the largest religious or political party in Hannah relationships to our incoming president Ronnie Becker, and it's all of those look at their base order for our board in a Serie of servant. Leadership to end all our constituency Association pours. Thank you for being there for Alberta. It comes from one of my favorite places with a pallet in our Far North Hall with creeks. It is the most northerly farm community in the world of a place set in. So many ways represents to deceive and alberni the ingredient of any fog, people's overcame the Romulans to build communities in that region for millennia, traveling, the Bundys River to the trade with other tribes, as it refers entrepreneurs. In fact, the name of the Peace River comes from a treaty that ended leaders of warfare between that man, Anthony, come and assist in the 1930s that the greedy understand a crafty and that a newly kt4 Mennonite families from another round of the world, often fleeing persecution to seek religious freedom and an opportunity has sprung to people into the newest part, the new world. It's a remarkable story and those families continue to the clear and PI over 2 soil, like with apparently pioneers of over a century ago. They are soft people driven by a relentless work ethic. Many were keen of harvest lager the cold or the winter farm in the summer, and particularly jobs on the side. They have been a compassionate resilient community where people to be carer one another in times of need this summer, opening in our homes to an indigenous evacuees, the northern wildfires, the railways from see these words about their homes, kind of agreed in their song come on down. They say our arms are always open, sawmills Farms. Is it refineries yeah that was to me the country under you and we'd, never lock the door. Just come on down to the land: easily, not a discerner, looking at a coal from the northern forever me and handle it where everything is, it is drawn by blood, sweat and tears has seen it as the land of milk and honey indigo, most helpers today, whenever series to the frontier of the Creed, but we know that those solid values from deep and on our promise in another people- it's who we are that's, why help resolve this were to say here, strong and free. You start new lives, Alberta for freedom and an opportunity. Not government animals like the Mennonites will create an immigration every corner of the world, bringing with it a deep work ethic, a devotion to the family as a sense of personal responsibility, and they zeal for the created and power of an enterprise. They did not clearly knew and all the students were problems, but they often worked two or three surviving promises to the Sigma and educate their kids start a new business and find ways to give back to those in need. Folks, our mission is renew Alberta as a sexual place of opportunity of strength and enough freedom. That is why I work so hard to create. This is not a conservative party, but we know that dream seems to fade for two men. First, men ever come along girls. After five years of economic decline, saying nation some are tentative just yet our economy is smaller to that website. Hers is going the ndpk a private sector, family cinematography piece making policies is a problem campaign. We see real human consequences. In addition, spices in a rural product in a broken families and an amenity who are barely hanging on as I said last year at our AGM reindeer when we get out for the first time quotes. We are here for those who are struggling. We aren't here to do politics, the sake of the politics. There is a much more profound reason why I decided one hundreds of olives, a girl, honey, probably great distances, and given up when we can get away from a family - due to the difficult work of democracy. You are making sacrifices, you're, distributing your citizenship and it's action because you gotta learn to dream to be a reality, for the families are certainly so that I must never forget this business conference. There is harmony that is movement on our policy debates, our election committing all of it. You deserve that with people, not power with us, dedicate ourselves to the being servant, leaders each in our own way to serve the people of Alberta, to empower them with with real freedom and opportunity to find compassionate Commodus solutions to the challenges that we face and to find an apology every single day for the people of this rocks, we can take you face many challenges and there were many obstacles to overcome, but we cannot yet undo the damage there. We go economic policies, their jobs prices over 9, which is caring. We can't simply purse or the confidence to the drug trade and investment by which energy composed by the forward and funded in addresses, but make no mistake. We are doing everything within our power to get over this economy ruling to the create draws to the brink back compassion. To connect my mind today to the diversify our economy: did you get a fair deal to the Federation and transfer hope for a bright future? He did today how to keep them engaged. Robert is a desert election and what an election it was. It was because you know, because the NDP couldn't run on the record of a failure they ran is said on a campaign of deception and division. There was a campaign of fear fueled by the politics of personal destruction and a character assassination, but you know the good news. Is our burdens rejected that our anger and said our positive message? You remember the media - and then the phony poles claim in that election, which statement was real horse race and that the NDP leader was hugely popular. Well, in the end, when the voters roll out to sea, we were honored to receive 55 percent of the popular vote. A 22 point lead over the NDP. That is the highest popular mode. The describe two decades says exactly - popular in four decades: over a million votes by far the largest on a riverboat asks for a party in our industry and almost twice. The total number of books has over the end minutes on TV, whatever insane pundits claiming that that conservative, the party couldn't possibly work right. They said that we couldn't really ignite 300 projects. I learned senator one day attended many different divisions. Well, that's why we received nearly two hundred and seventy thousand more votes to this rain that our two legacy party said combined by 2015 albert, had proved that the budget is wrong and thanks to your vision, we raise the capital unity, and now we have Ruth and undeniably that we are stronger in United, we could have passed a bill 22. We came out celebrating to the fact that served a part of me. It is now formally fully and legally one United Party we did what did the chef said was impossible. We receive our mandate from every part of the society. We went into confidences of rural that inner devotes within an end. You have a lot of time. Britain's new terms, now it's true that we fell short in tennis, destroy the very best efforts, some of an amazing team of candidates and in all the tears of a big round of applause for free enterprise. Provincial parties in this products, and thankfully, we elaborately strong and, admittedly to team led by Casey today, this store Walker brother were certain a daily with the vaccine. We are to determine and as ever hired us to do glass design to work with elderly for the people of the feminism to earn their trust at the next election and by the way, 63 percent of the folks in the head region voted conservative and only sixty percent to a great blog lien voting for the leap manifesto MVB. That means is that, if we deliver on our promises and work hard, we can and will within to the confidence, is a hard-working people of evidence and a great city builders creators, sending interviews now I'm 16 again, indeed, do you remember and how they hide themselves into the NAS, pretending to be forwarded to the Ramage workers. Do you remember that? Well, the mask has now fallen not only to them who support the federal shining down on our vision, industry, but a half of Alberta and to be Bacchus apart. In the exception, rebellious climates were allocated to the immediate shutdown of the entire royal house and its really an essentially the entire modern industrial economy. You know our words of the message: we're gonna leap manifesto, which seeks your rebellion, leave it in the ground NDP. There is nothing compassion about putting hundreds of thousands of good people out of work. There is nothing progressive about give me the global energy monopoly to the old dictators that uses a kind of apartment, not cross saturated. That is the kind of social regrets, not progress, that it is a position of extremism, not community moderation, and then we will not relent in an opposing that our backward agenda, just as we will redouble our efforts to make net worth of the most environmentally resourceful major producer of androgen on the patient by an amazing, talented, it's even harder to act on equal to 60 folks. You really should be so proud this team of 63 and MLAs together. They are the obvious caucus and every across party here and those two, the worse coffees in the history of the legislation. We have one in the inner box that in any free enterprise targeting our history and they earned their reads of the legislature open on the nation's, because we believe in equality of opportunity not NDB stock bonus. Our fathers includes farmers, ranchers teachers and the picking counselors musicians is involved, a service, small business owners and large of his detectives, really pegs tradesmen, accountants and paramedics. And it's true that I've got lawyers the month. 713 languages are so located and, having worked with this team for the past ascent of the months, I get to telling you that they are principled, compassionate and and determined. They are in public services for all the right reasons, and I deserve Department for two decades that this is powerful power. The most talented, competent and an impressive caucus and cabinet that I have ever had the honor. Sir I was elected. She we know that her accountable tolerance, and that is a party held accountable to you, her graphic designers on the grassroots guaranteed Isabella Cossack trousers policies develop the kind of policies that have you've been working on and committed at halls, first phases or the past few months and to be here on this floor today and as a reader I wanna report a good amuse, you we be determined an analysis of the 150 policies just off. Does it bother you? Our membership at amazed, wanna be a Seattle general meeting of the 115 resolutions. 107 were 93 percent were included in our clockwork or are reflected in the Senate policy. 46% have already been implemented only 7 months and we're talking smack now I admitted to you that it will take seriously the debates out and the decisions made here this weekend. That includes the award that a passionate debating you have on a fair deal. I follow the discussion closely. I could get to that will be read your message directly to take a council that have been initiated with all the cabbages premiers tomorrow night in Toronto, and to probably mr. Justin Trudeau, but I meet up in Ottawa two days now. Of course, the government is a much broader capability. That is an average of. It is hard sometimes for me, physical or practical considerations, for reasons like that. Sometimes we hang out in women certain urban policies, but I think 93%. It is pretty good. It proved that we are listening to our grassroots volunteers and then they were on the right track. Also, the maritime minute will be judged by a burden on how we became advocates to that. So, let's be honest, we took a Charles to run a negative campaign against entp, maybe here the job crisis and this little paper the only issue and then I'm confident we would want to such a life. In his said, we decided to take a big risk by publishing the most detail platform in a my work of actual history, our positive plan, if it was fully costed and and told politically challenging crews like a deleted, digitized attempt bringing job of creating an investment back and then the needs of exercise such as citrus, ranked in order to saw the regret of reckless diet. Is that now burns. I am proud report to you that, as of today, as of today, we have implemented ninety two of our pot work to the minute minutes and and then we're on our way six more we're Ruby. So perhaps he never done that the summer of murders have taken to complain minimum usage, what other than pleaded in the following the other day they give you CPR man will be hosting three canoes tigresses today, another day, another garage of information, but we haven't told her just throws up their hands trying to keep up with everybody going on well, I just got to say. First of all, you got a pretty low opinion about the ability of following matters: I love that kinda criticism. Alright house, leader, to something he's punishing for you're gonna, just line up with the combination to do that. So friends we're only 12 percent away into a four wheeler mandate, but we have already delivered on thirty nine percent of our commitments. Promises promises, we promised pass bills. Everyone, the carbon tax, repeal act, promise made promise will create up to fifty eight thousand new full-time. Second ecology girl, our problems, a promise. We promise in Madison all the business act. We need to balance after labor laws to an encourage, unique job creation and to reserve a sonography, see. There's a secret cabal of the boat promise, promise promise to pass Minister and ready for use we're well on our way. There promise a promise half we harvest, distract the NDP's unconscionable, build six attack on our farmers and following consultations to introduce a farm freedom and safety act. Thank you. The distribution promise made promise. We have the silver set for parental authority by proclaiming the Education Act promised a softer high school kids and the p3 support were pretty straight because we believe that the trade certificated has every bit as much value and imperative. As his university degree, we promised creating our indigenous opportunities for recreation to help get high sail by back sobbing Aboriginal ownership of a major resource projects backed by a billion dollars of the faith, and credit of you know we're gonna crown Thank You. Mr. David Wilson promise a promise. We were on. The street will identify rotisserie newcomers, action plan and the law to ensure that the different said I can get a fair and a fast process with their credentials. Sales team occupy decision quickly contribute fully to the Alberta economy. Thank you to parliamentary secretary seaman and the minister coffee promise, a promise that we promise to take real action to help people to have the decidable of addiction or facing mental health challenges. I administer fermented of the deficiencies in wanna and he's investing an additional one hundred and fifty million dollars to the city lives. By fighting the addiction crisis, you can probably read back simple elections: easy easy participate. Carabas cap, we promised a massive recall loss and all of us to account for the scene of elections and that's right. Everybody person our provision to the funds with his own private member's bill. We would try a sect, will be law. Surely promise made promise bourbon ice problems escape artist, we've managed to persuade the Senate to accept all our proposed amendments rewriting that bill, but because the demographer cat closes madness. We're going to follow me through that our promise constitutional challenge to see 69 as a clear and an unacceptable intrusion into our exclusive authority to manage our resources. They committed some savage promise, my strategy to sand up around winners resources, so we bought the Canadian actress. The public enquiry into the Florida campaign block our versus the indigenous Legal Defense Fund and remained in the applause so called turn about the tax legislation on day. One promised a order and how to implement in front of a balance to be a credible plan to the budget in this firm of government. Thanks to the word of our brilliant finance minister, proud to say, that's another promise made promise but I'm thinking at the point. So let's pause for just a couple minutes to talk about that last box to pop get involved as finances. Now, the day after his reelection I have got an image and I was really fine, see you public services at the part of the days, I thought the city of apprentice they were healed, may 6 billion dollar holding used to this little and the entity of tourism had over protected revenues in the fiscal year. Twenty twenty two twenty three by more than six billion dollars, nothing to do with other job creation, he'll the Casa Luker, fully reflected in our balanced budget father, but and even though our papa was based on the more conservative, probably second quarter pass to the NDP sponsor the actual reject reality is turned out to be for the billion and a half dollars lower than what we thought. We can then appointed in the expert panel on an element of finances chaired by former and DB finance. Minister, dr. Katzen King, and these independent experts came back with the survey findings. They concluded that Alberta is in equals, fittest surprises and that the decisive action is not even it. Now that a dad will grow out of control. Could assume me in an ever-increasing care tax dollars, an important seat. Deep painful process of the plan had been around that the biggest for kind of been a business in Canada of the of the fastest-growing intact. We were on track for a debt of over a hundred billion dollars. On the end of the business, sir, we were truly selling under the four billion a year in interest payments to the bankers and borrowers instead of military, come up their medication in operating now the terrifying ghost a serious problem in a herd, the defective descend, twenty percent more per person than the average was horrible promises and that, if I were simply to descend to seeing one of those other two promises, we said me ten billion dollars less than we are. We do not written in a three he really about a surplus and instead of an eight million dollar deaths and what's worse, we have the results to justify that in health care population in the country the most efficient office is 20 percent, more than in other problems is dead, and yet we have lower life expectancy, higher infant mortality and generally longer search for weight Sullivan on in higher education, as there's an interest rate likely to the point that we said 50% more pursue that Ontario, but we have local university and enrollment and completion rates. Folks in the money of these sites, we have a choices to make. We could do about other conferences have done for too long and cuz. It's kicked head on the road delayed inevitable and as the debt grows and grows and threatens to the hability of health care and education, or we could create our word and a massive resize, but they didn't always like that. How do you catch those are operating on a progress and then they're tax hikes help the depletion of inches of rescission rather to slow it down and we still haven't recovered taxes. Are novice or we could act finally need to remember to send me in line with their needs. We provinces, the NDP, the immediate, essentially interested allies, one other words to believe that our half the balances to use their words drachma screw, but folks than the numbers to the line they see for themselves, that the truth is that we have two roses: a careful, gradual, targeted approach to finding love, protect me to the programs that have mattered most in it and, in particular, those vulnerable. The truth is that we are reducing our overall operating said by a modest 2.8 percent over four years or just 1.3 billion dollars over four years. 55 billion dollar budget, that's less than the three sentences at all. Just to put this in any respect the people needed in order to get our vitamins back 20 percent over two years, the correction to the randomness of the disaster cuts by six percent over two years, so foolish fellow. Let's leave things as intersect. Is there anything on Albert anyone who hasn't had to find savings as a few pennies on the dollar? The truth is, as you know, many other families that have lost everything. Recent houses. Businesses have gone on, surely the most expensive doggery that in North America can a do what the families decided to do around their kitchen tables every year to make choices. We have many choices. You chose to keep our commitment to protect our care and education. In fact, on the birth plan, the health care budget is actually in Racine, and an education budget is why we've all supposed to protect the most vulnerable, which is significant increases in community social services led by a mr. economy of children. Services led by name, is Rebecca Joyce. That means water, sport versus disabilities and more support for children in care. Of course, of course, if it's going to each county but from huge and Samuel 17 increases and the big age of 17 are men, in the contrary, in education so smoothly Contras, some people invited protests. Someone today another reminded of what I creamy Ralphie to say. If the nation will decide it does not produce 100 what it was wrong. This really is a balance balance in terms of novels, but in terms of our social obligations, our sense of compassion and as well as their determination to start in your future. Our approach is soft-hearted, but a hard-headed now that you say another word and the poor ignore to the good folks work, hard delivery of all the services. Albert respect the work that you do as I. Remember, we positive empowering to create a high-performing government. If there's a literacy services more efficiently, reduce you see an internal rate, a empowerment in front of mining workers. We also want to determine, if you to help us find reasonable, sees in what it is that the biggest send in passing from a sector in Canada. Now a word fullness that the Obama campaign they look for the best way of benevolence advisors to the growing, a economy and then the higher taxes workers disciple rather than in create jobs. How the birds refuse to risk our futures by city that is promised into the sea of the right hand. The discovery minute is on. We did in a heart longed to lay out for the people in our souls aussolas or publishers and amigo work hard to the minute honesty, labor impact of this 2.8% bothers us abduction said, and so he asks the government and unions work with us constructively to find cities in some cases. This is like me moderating a repetitive said: focus at the private sectors do not enjoy a place that a dozen it certainly does not mean. Eight percent salary increases. That is, some leaders demanded it in an economy where private sector mentality so nice place, but let us again choose to the path of the cooperation, not complication, let us already without words of private economic years and the diversity and cannot anymore. Let us agree that the biggest threat to publishers and the financial security of those who know the rhythm- it is an out-of-control that consuming billions of dollars in interest beings. Friends at the end of argument. At the end of the day, at the end of our day, today, I really need to get over to back to work, to create many jobs and has a certain living off our to saw a little bit off our credit card. Well, that will require a fair deal for Elgar. Now, I share the profound precision of many helpers. We we have over 600 billion dollars net to the rest of Canada since 1960 over the last five years and an average, and you should to the progressive Canada of twenty three billion dollars a year. Even while we have been going through the greatest economic downturn in our processes, Great Depression, as I always say we are burns, were practically share of good fortune with our fellow Canadians and times were good here and not elsewhere, but what we cannot to buy what we no longer abide. It is governments and politicians in other parts make that kind of treaty walking our ability to develop the resources itself to the world, that a fair price that the same reserves that paid the freight and in the Canadian Confederation folks, we helped they'll have total action with the produces. The k-th reports is on a lock that would like some hostile distracted. It does discriminatory policies have heated up over another that we've had the divisions that the web in Canada to read the Trudeau government sources turn, but that has happened instead, the elec exacerbated those divisions, Albert resilience, and then they want honestly saw boldly and certainly- and so we are and its creator, it is democratic to send up an augury at the distant crowd community believe this is the debris industry. This is my picture on the community to defend a national unity against those arriving women to see our country. If it is my truck to swing kind of their destructive economic agenda, it is hurting within the men here in Alberta and the cross Hannah. It is my mission to make them to understand that that my relentlessly targeting the engine of our national economy, they are emitting Canadian and against Canadian energy policy is a bonanno's primary decision if we're in 15 discernment, as for economic in Alberta, but it's on the only one as a result, whether they took they have seven billion dollar bad, that we can do to the global credit strategies want any of the Dean, our civilization, which is only 150 million dollars. Each 150 that's one percent of our main emphasis of France to go to Ottawa that year, when it should have been 1.6 billion dollars. The decedent happen to give an action when we were shortchanged other 300 many dollars. We would have to reflect with the brass here, but we didn't if it's pretty hard to see a cute. Ladies, that's what design it's, especially in combination with the bottom of Oz southern refusal? How about her go to the other serious problems like the pine, the decision industry and the threat posed by Justice resource Charles, because it's a matter to sterilize huge losses, are costs pulse again. I am as sad as anyone and Frank many many all birds are afraid. They fear that our economy, our progress and are coming to your head as I 200 the problems over the past leaders leading up to this year's election I, saw fear in the eyes of workers and their families in business owners kind of along about the city of dirty dreading, having a behavior public services, local tax revenues to security and energy company CEOs, exhausted longings as a credit who justice could lay off the more employees and police, social workers and health and arrives overwhelmed by the explosion, homelessness, product and addition. This could not be more service. This is a separate in Alberta, the acidity percentage higher per capita to the province Ontario and according to the abreu City of Calgary Sula pop of the pulse for every 1% increase. In our unemployment rate, we have seen 16 additional Cybermen. This is literally a matter of life and death. So, yes, a growing number of occurrences are afraid for our future and we had with the old Laurentian Elise indifference. Now burdens have been working for auto offered as long. It is time for Ottawa to start working for us. They need to meet us halfway, they need to stop talking and if I really need to stop taking a tussle granted and then they need to start listening to us, they need to stop making it harder for us to the church officer Aragon. They need to understand that every leader, the world news they promote. They have both ministers wrapped around the throne. A time moves, there's a service in the world of the pages of Albany public service at across Hanna and they're, squeezing it hard but to decide all this anyway. Registration, we're not going to lose our hands because others are practical people we're not unreasonable, meeting nothing or a Centauri is unreasonable. We dare not see in a special deal. We are simply seeking a I believe Adobe BRF support is common sense and within to the federal government, is power, and none of it would have heard any other bras. One of the three ate one of the I want to say that whatever looking for it is a fair deal with respect median Constitution and you guys thought about other arrays. So we need to do about. We need to best what the hell we're gonna head is always enough to grow everyone to get our people back to work, and did you ever write to every the notice, I share of Canada's wealth and, as I said earlier, our government is prepared to deploy every legal, economic and a constitutional tool at our disposal to maximize our lever and into winning their deal in Canada able to be the city by openam, and this is Ottawa- can come African religions from long to create a non-material credits that will to defend our problems in succeeding Paris. We will strengthen our democratic reform and agenda, and this is a very little media attention. But for most this is a beginning. We will strengthen that our democratic reform again- and this is not just subject consultation. This is get a minute. We will introduce say citizens is an initiative app that will allow others to the petition for referendum to be held on a matter significant burdens power to hold this garbage. So if we don't keep our commitment to stand up for our on top of the actions we've already taken mentions a longer than the promise Kate promising a process on top of those actions, we will deliver on the fairy tale. Commitment. Is our cloth growing, including demanding reforms of the equalization floor done in part to exclude non-renewable resource, rather the compilation and dresses, and if we do not never appeal or rewrite the law? Yes, we will hold a constitutional referendum to do the lead equalization from the Canadian Constitution. We will exist for the sole civilization program. The equalization rebate be lifted, retroactive leaves 2014 and we will hold a referendum on an amendment to the constitution of an October of 2012 on to address property rights in our constitution. Omni's to the Senate of Canada for rivets have recently removed senate election act. We will insist that before the next animation to see, if I'm just I was told, senator Graham minutes whispers on, we will desist attacks because we have new elections in 2021. We tell the press for a charter of economic rights so to strengthen of the economic union by eliminating interprovincial trade barriers and strengthening federal government's over any provision infrastructure. Like pipelines, we didn't have solicitation to create an internal award to take a little responsibility for religious elimination in the parole board, Canada reforms to the employment insurance program to make it less unfair to Alberta workers who continue to subsidize I'm unemployed, the beneficiaries in other parts Canada, even though operatives unemployment rate has an above the national average for four years to convert the cabinet health and social transfers to tax once did you get it Alberta more control over how revenue is raised and set within our own Jersey? As you know, we enlarged a fair deal. Pentacle burns are the best ways to to define and to secure a fair deal for our crops and then how that's to advance our economic interests, especially the construction of Energy Partners. Let me thank Andales through bars, tanyao and myrrh, and Rosenberg agreed with tremendous works to contribute to the descriptive over you're miserable to be our members were I only created with the following is. Let me be clear that the camera will assume whatever the following the vegetation beaches. An advance would advance to the problems associated artists, what it's establishing a traditional Revenue Agency to pellagra traditional taxes, direct directly by antenna, Canada Elbert axel an agreement. While I was running to the back, you can see in an agreement to collect oil taxes within the rocks we could study, creating and about retention when I was growing for the Canada mission. I need to be clear. We would only proceed with that conferences, doors and the referendum, but we believe bases are early house. This would save us three billion dollars a year. Are the twenty three billion net contribution because we have the other two population we reduce so those premiums that would help us to create jobs and keep that money here in Alberta to me in acid, on South, she and provincial police wars by ending the operatically service is reading it within armament, and we will look at poppy, connects practice of a playing a larger role in international relations in part by deceit, Alberta representation in the municipalities. The school works obtaining the approval of the provincial government before we they generated ingredients. We get our Minuteman with innocence and about using the existing provincial power to the point that she fires office worker. We will seriously look at opti under the federal popular programs, depending the full compensation such to the federal government. It's our post are going better program and even it so that we get back and then it can be good for Alberta to and we consult our burdens on a really big idea on establishing a four wise, Alberta providential Constitution. This is about these babies to feed each other gifts. We have also done a little short list of the purchase items on which is about our government should could show us in a fit. I have an alert if you need women to the new Deputy Prime Minister Christian for a summer and I believe understands much what a tolerance is going through, but all is it all is happening if it is action, not words. So in two days several members of our cabinet and senior officials of our service will join me in autumn on to the crash, where we'd, immediate action on vol.1 appertaining firm guarantees on a certain and a completion of the parents on a pipeline and including in clear leaders to ensure that the rule of law is respected and applied all about Alberta's language. We focus on this we're a tribe to the lifting of the fiscal Stabilization program times. I said ticket. Listen, he was a should reap a third of approval of flow through shares or other tax instruments to increase job-creating investment in environmental technology, like carbon capture utilization storage or for well elimination when it's create jobs, clear sport for future liquefied natural gas for exact setup. It will significantly reduce GHG emissions by solar, getting hold back subversion of the develop me, the federal government, to buy into the vision of the by for appeal of the beauty forward, a Tangra man and repeal, or a successful rewrite of the body. It's out chic, with a little citrus for Alberta's, new technology, innovation and emissions reduction program introduced like mr. Nixon and our methane regulations. Now my parents, please no, please don't remember and everything within our power within the sense of urgency, to get a fair deal for our problems. We feel the maxis honest our. We will continue to build alliances across the country, new design like their mom woman. Oh he's a sauce, don't fuss with the Sam anybody they didn't have a NASA. We will not relent the deceits our supply, but in the end we must optimists that the majority of Canadians doesn't understand our mind. They support the response of the development of our resources. Were the TX fighting line. They are grateful for the nation building world. That is where our ministry, they understand that we have been through an engine of social ability to progress. So as we go into this fight for our future, I ask for your support, our government of malignancies. We will secure everything ABC from the presence of Federation, but we will always be true to the people of the business remarks, because, with the Silurian that are counted when irony habit was Jesus warning, when I heard it was worn on, says a technocrat. The first 1905 in whose ass citizens produces program entitled the Provost sandpeople of Desmond and it says the fall. This is new problems Alberta by virtue of a success and very character. It is destined to become the brightest and the crowd on the three an empire in encircles the world. It is a relational and within its priorities and soundness, its forests, fertile fields and a healthy and invigorating client with perennial youth in the very air there is Avenue and opportunity for every kind of effort. We are assuming we're going to get the Senators we have each other. Now we have a vision. The sacrifices of those is when a conference we are after all and involve easily that I promise and that have people abducting and I'm, usually the worst through this time at Albertans, is always too strong. You.