Thank you for coming here today. My name is inspector Kimberly, Pez loss key and I'm the detachment commander of Airdrie to RCMP I'm here to provide you an update on the incident that occurred across Harry Mills Mall last evening. I have a short summary of the event to provide. You also with me, is Michelle Wagner from yard read and district victim services who has a message for the victims and witnesses affected by this set event. I will take questions afterwards. We have a French transit French translator here to provide information in French and translated required modules. Listing that sandy rocks is our size. People, so they've got tops external process at approximately seven. Oh nine pm on September 16 2019, Airdrie, RCMP and Calgary Police Service responded to a report of an active shooter at the cross iron Mills Mall. Numerous resources were deployed to this incident, including Airdrie, RCMP, Calgary, Police, Service, RCMP, dot, police dog services, the RCMP emergency response team, air during municipal enforcement, rocky view, County enforcement, rocky View, Fire, Department, emergency medical services and Calgary Police CPS Hawks. Assisting unit assistance was also provided by surrounding detachments, including Cochran and Strathmore. Upon arrival, it was determined that the shooting occurred in the parking lot of cross iron, Mills Mall near the food court entrance and that one male was injured. He was taken to hospital with serious injuries. He is still being treated and his location will need not be released at this time. The male suspect had a slender build and was dressed fully in black, his pants, including his pants, and he was wearing a ball cap and hood. The suspect and an accomplice fled the scene in a black 2019 dodge four-door Ram pickup, and we are still looking to identified who those individuals are our CMP and CPS. Calgary Police Service were on scene for numerous hours. Yes, last night the mall was placed in a secure in place, while the officers cleared the mall. It was several hours before all civilians were evacuated safely. I would like to take a minute to thank cross iron mill security in their assistance to us in collecting video surveillance and providing loudspeaker direction to the patrons that helped ensure everyone remain calm and were safe. Michelle. You had some information to provide. Thank you good morning my name is Michelle Wagner I'm, the executive director at Adrian district victims assistance, Society, Victim Services, is available to provide emotional support. Referrals to counselors as well as other supports to reduce the impacts of trauma. Should you or one of your loved ones, be impacted by last night's incident. Please feel free to reach out to us at four zero: three: nine four: five: seven: two: nine zero for immediate assistance to connect with a counselor. Please connect with this distress center. Thank you. I can now take questions. There is yes at this time, they're not being released. We will determine that in time. We know that the suspect shooter fled in a 2019 Dodge Ram four-door pickup. We believe so. Yes, the victim is currently in hospital with severe serious but non threatening injuries. Non-Life-Threatening injuries I cannot discuss that at this dinner. I can't discuss that at this time. We believe that there was two persons in the black four-door pickup, including the suspect. No one else was injured in this event happening in such a public place in such a busy time is concerning it's concerning to the public, but we were able to attend the scene within minutes and secure the scene and provide for victims there for the patrons and employees safety. We can't I can't discuss that at this time moving forward. There is another reason. What so I are our detachment and all of our resources are solely solely focused on the safety of patrons I. Can't comment on what individual businesses there are or are not doing. That's not our role. Our role is the safety of the public, which we enacted last night. There may be photos of the suspect that might be released, we're still going through video surveillance. At this time we were just looking into that and I don't have that number for at this time, but I will provide that to you in within Regina will provide that to you. Within the hour the mall was fully cleared at zero zero fifty hours just just short of one o'clock this morning, I can so thirty RCMP a uniform respond. Approximately thirty attended the scene, but there was also a significant response from Calgary Police Service, and that was the uniform response. We also had plainclothes approximately twenty plainclothes resources, as well as the city of Airdrie, provided some municipal employee support here at the detachment for all of the things we needed at the attachment and Calgary Major Crimes and Calgary GIS were also called out. Can you speak how many witnesses you talk to I can tell you that it was. It's been many and we're still talking to witnesses. As you can understand, it was just after seven o'clock in the evening there was a lot of patrons at the mall and there's a lot of people to speak to and there's a lot of people that we haven't yet spoken to. That may have fled the scene that might have information, and we would absolutely be looking to speak to those individuals. I can't discuss the circumstances of the investigation at this time. I can't disclose that it at this time. So we need to go through the video surveillance. We need to access those, what victims or witnesses that may have observed things and simply fled the scene. So our next steps are really to do those initial investigational tasks last night was focused on the safety of our the patrons and employees at the mall and today and in the investigation, but really that our primary focus was the safety of our citizens. I can't discuss all right, I can Matt's about that. This time you have a partial license plate or any other noises. Not at this time was the vehicle stolen I can't die. I have no idea there been any I can tell you on our response to the the incident. As you can understand, this was a rather chaotic incident that came in to us. There were numerous descriptors of vehicles that were fleeing the scene in an erratic way. We did stop a number of them and they were the the vehicles we stopped were all citizens leaving the scene I believe they were leaving in a southbound direction out of the mall. How hard was it to empty a parking lot? The senseability traffic times during the decline they kind of back we've done people just not. We did not evacuate the parking lot at that time. Our focus was evacuating personnel people within the mall safely. That evacuation of the parking lot didn't happen till much later, we actually held the parking lot as it was a scene right. I can't discuss the circumstances of video surveillance, but as you're all aware, there's video surveillance everywhere and, in fact, I anticipate that there's a there's going to be video surveillance from people's cell phones, that type of thing, and so we are looking for additional video surveillance. If somebody took images that from their cell phone, we would certainly be interested in that. Please it's everything! Thank you very much. Nothing in French, you well everyone that deals with trauma in a different way, and so everyone's response is going to be very unique to their own. Some people might experience changes in sleeping patterns changing in eating shakiness any of those types of physical or emotional symptoms. So it's just important to connect with supports throughout the community and connect with family and friends and really discuss the the feelings that you're having and if then things tend to persist more than a couple of days and certainly reach out for professional assistance.