Hello I'm Eric Sorensen, and this is the West block, politics, perspectives and players as families search for answers to what happened to flight 752 over the skies of Iran. Some suggested is the unintended consequence of the hostilities between the u.s. and Iran and that both sides bear responsibility. It was flying in a pretty rough neighborhood. David Frum is a staff writer at the Atlantic and a former speechwriter for President George W Bush and the author of Trump Achra see the corruption of the American Republic. We spoke with David Friday about the blameworthiness of both the Americans and the Iranians. The Iranians have just bulldozed the the crash site, removing all evidence they are holding back the black box, which they claim they have found. There are questions about whether or not they will have tampered with it and Iran can it can it just continue to be opaque in this matter? Well, I ran is going to have an internal political problem. This is not like Russia striking a Plane full of people from other countries. This is this is a case where Iran struck a plane with many people who have family in Iran. So as heart-rending as this catastrophe has been inside Canada. Many of the people, of course, were Canadian citizens or Canadian residents. They all have relatives back in back in Iran and Iran is a repressive Society. It's not a completely closed society and the grief that Canadians feel just is going to be amplified inside the land were so many relatives of the victims lived now. There's consensus pretty widely that Iran is blameworthy in this, but after the reports of the missile strike and the US president said well, there's been a mistake on their side, you produced an article in the Atlantic almost instantly. That said, the u.s. cannot shove all of the blame on Iran. Why? Yes, there has been a chain of escalation of violence between the United, States and Iran, beginning about the 27th of December, their strikes and counterstrikes. In this case, would the United States the the the second and third last rounds of the cycle of retaliation. The United States carried out an assassination of Qasem Soleimani, an Iranian terrorist general, who has much blood on his hands, and course is a person deserving of a violent death. But the United States gave an explanation of the Trump administration gave an explanation of its actions. That's obviously not true. They said that and he was killed in order to avert an imminent attack. That story is already disintegrating and indeed it doesn't make logical sense. Kasam soleimani was the man at the top of the chain of command. If you can stop an attack by killing the top guy, then the attack is not imminent. If the attack is imminent, killing the top guy won't make a difference. It wouldn't have stopped. 9/11 had the United States killed Osama bin Laden 48 hours before the plan was already underway. That's what it means to be imminent, so the United States escalated dramatically by killing Soleimani the Iranians, then counter escalated by firing at the United States from inside Iran, something they had not done before two hours after the Iranians unleash their barrage of missiles. They see a blip on their radar, it's the civilian airliner, but Iran is not a first world country. It doesn't have sophisticated technology. What it looks like happened was the Iranians saw this blip and thought. That's the incoming American retaliation for the thing we just did to punish them for the thing they just did. So it's a rands crime, the Iranians acted and the Iranians killed, but this crime occurred in the context of an escalation that the United States also contributed to and contributed to under false pretences. American political policy now is like geology that there are 55 percent of the country is very strongly opposed to the president and about 45% of the country. A little less is strongly supportive of the President and really whatever the question is. Those are the numbers. What Americans are clear about is that they do not want to get involved in a war in Iran, three-quarters of Americans oppose any kind of confrontation with Iran. The Trump administration has been stumbling toward exactly that kind of confrontation, partly by accident, partly because of the president's bad political calculation that escalating in Iran will help him with impeachment. But but the the confrontation keeps getting more violent and president Trump is deluding himself if he thinks he's going to find any political relief from using violence against Iran Canadians are asking the questions you're asking, but but do you have a sense and that Americans are asking it like I'm trying to get a sense, whether you think that Donald Trump's image is going to be burnished by this or if he'll pay a political price. We have early I think we know the answer to that. The USA, Today and Ipsos did a poll that they took conducted over Tuesday and Wednesday of the week just preceding where they asked Americans a series of questions and bait and the they showed by large majorities. That Americans did not agree that killing soleimani had made the United States more safe and a majority 55% that familiar 55 percent thought. It was now more likely that Iran would develop a nuclear weapon and we know that we can surmise. We don't know we can surmise the White House internal polling showed them the same thing, because what was the first sentence out of the president's mouth at his press availability after the shoot-down, he said, I guarantee that Iran will not acquire a nuclear weapon. He was responding to polls showed that 55 percent of Americans now think it's more likely that Iran will get a nuclear weapon because of what just happened. Yeah you're aware of the and you've mentioned at the the toll on Canadians in that flight, Prime Minister Trudeau, said it's too early to assign blame, as he put it, in whatever proportion which suggests there is some blame to assign in more than one direction. How do you see I guess the effect of all of this on the canada-us relationship and the Trudeau Trump relationship um? It's obviously going to be estranged so to have 30 people meet a violent death in a town. The size of Edmonton I mean that is a real dagger blow at a community. So I think Canadians are going to be grieving. I'd myself, for just in casual conversation on the phone with on other lines of business, have in the past few days talk to two people who knew someone who was on that flight. So the grief is going to be very widely shared in Canada I. Think Canadians are just going to be I, don't think, is gonna be a big impact because you know what can be done, but president Trump's lack of human feeling about it. I mean it's not going to change anybody's mind. You knew he lacked human feeling, but it's just every time you confront his lack of human feeling. It's a shock, David we're out of time. We could talk to you all day, but thanks very much for talking to us today appreciate it. Thank you. You.