Please welcome Stephen and Kristin and state senator Nathan Johnson we're getting the Daedalus welcome. Welcome to the last political rally in the nation before Super Tuesday. Are you ready it's an honor to help. Welcome you this evening. Senator Johnson and I are so proud to join, with all of you to be here tonight to support Vice President Joe Biden, the next president. So what why are we all supporting show by well there's a lot of reasons. Let me just give you a few Joe Biden took on the NRA and he beat them. Joe Biden helped Barack Obama, save the American, auto industry and the most important reason of all Joe Biden will defeat Donald Trump. Now real quick. Let me give you one more really important reason: I have the privilege of serving as the chair of the Texas House Democratic caucus and thanks to some amazing gains in 2018, we find ourselves now only nine seats away from having a democratic. That's right, only only nine. What that means is: that's only nine seats from putting Texas kids first in providing real funding for our public schools. That's only nine seats from passing Medicaid expansion and funding and past giving healthcare to more than a million Texans, just like that nine seats from real property tax relief for homeowners and we're nine seats away from closing the background check loophole in the state of Texas. Now we've got some great candidates running here in Dallas, Fort, Worth and all across Texas that are going to help us win those nine seats. But do you know who else we need to help us win those nine seats? We need you, we need you, that's right! That's right! We need Joe with Joe Biden leading our ticket. We will win races up and down the ballot and, most importantly, we restore honesty, integrity and decency to the White House. That's why for Joe? That's why you're for Joe welcome it's great to be with you so proud to be right here in North, Texas, the epicenter of political change of the nation. You all delivered historic results in 2018. How many of you were part of that? And it's about to happen again, because the whole nation is watching to see what Texas does and Texas is about to do something big. Why did we do it last time? How do we pull it off, because the this state got pulled in the wrong direction? And now it's happening on a national level? I want to share with you a little line of a poem one of my favorite poets. It was black history. Last month, Black History, Month, Langston, Hughes, great American, poet from that Harlem Renaissance, just a little piece of his poem. He said it's a children's poem and he said when Washington crossed the Delaware. The pillars of tyranny shook. He started the list of democracy, that's America's telephone book. Well, we all know that after Washington crossed abyss to those pillars, eternity didn't just crumble. They fell, but in the last several years, as Donald Trump in his administration and right ring politics in the state and throughout the nation have crumbled. Our institutions have eroded our faith in democracy. They've started rebuilding the pillars of tyranny and it's time for them to come down again and for us to rebuild it all. Now it is going to take every single one of us, whether you're, african-american Hispanic, Asian Anglo, every single one of us working together. Wherever you are on that political spectrum, we can do it and there is one person in this country right now who can pull this all together and that's the guy the nation needs so Biden to a Biden needs us, let's put him in office. Thank you. We now welcome pastor David Wilson of Greater Cornerstone Baptist Church. We are of the mind and of the position that whatever we are pursuing in our efforts tonight, we're gonna need God's intervention in that in and of ourselves, we're not gonna be able to do it, and so we're going to and by God, to help us do what we can amen. Eternal God, our Father, how we come tonight thanking you for the privilege of coming into your presence, thanking you that you are God that you're from everlasting to everlasting and that we do know that you are the giver of every good and perfect gift. We come tonight with our hearts full of gratitude, and in our coming we have to be honest that some of us come with the triumph over tragedy. Some of us come with endure from shameful defeat in an inseparable battle of life. Some of us feel like going on, while some of us feel like giving up but Lord. We come to you tonight and we come just as we are whether we are winners or losers. We know that you love us, you love us one and all we love you and we thank you that you are the greatest of the greatest and as we come tonight, we are praying that you manifest your presence among us in this place, the Lord that we would read peace, that we Bri love, that we were promote unity and we would promote justice for all. We are praying for Joe Biden, as he gives himself to run for the president. We're praying that you strengthen him, that you encourage him, that you put people around him that will hold him up and that will encourage him as he runs this race and in doing so we believe that your God that can do anything but fail. So tonight we are thanking you in advance for victory it in the priceless Lamb of God. We pray, amen, talita, the song people, please put your hands together for state representative, Victoria, niave and state representative, Rafael and Chia when I was no chance. Familia I am so excited to be here tonight to support the next president, the United States Vice President, Joe Biden. You know as I'm looking out into the crowd I see every part of our community represented every part of now at Dallas, from North Dallas to South, Dallas, east and west, the suburbs Farmers Branch Irving. All the places that make us a wonderful community and I'm excited to represent us in the Texas Legislature. Can you hear me, okay and so I chair? My name is la violencia and I. Chair the mexican-american legislative caucus in the Texas House of Representatives and I'm incredibly excited because, as I see the people here in this audience, I am convinced that we can reclaim the soul of America. It is that America that brought my parents here as immigrants, my mother from Mexico City, my father from northern Spain, with a seventh grade education. They accessed that infrastructure of opportunity that makes this country great and as immigrants they represented that oxygen that fills the veins of America every day and I'm so proud of them and I'm proud of this country. I'm proud of all of us coming together, because not only will reclaim the soul of America. We are going to make America live up to the ideals that brought my family here and brought generations of people to this great country. When I look around sometimes I don't recognize the country that I love so much I see the corruption in government I, see the hate I see the president calling the people like me. Criminals and rapists I see division sown among and between us, but it is us. It is all of us that are going to turn this around in this election. It's Republicans its independence and it's Democrats. It is all of us who are going to come together and elect Joe Biden, who will come in day one and turn this country around. Ladies and gentlemen, I am so proud to stand up here with my colleague and close friend, Victoria Ave. Who will speak to you next. Thank you, and god bless you who's ready to tell Donald Trump you're fired minami des Victorian, Miyabi I'm, so honored to serve as state representative for house district 107 representing Yves Dallas Garland and Mesquite Texas from the Vario and Pleasant Grove to the halls of the Texas House of Representatives I. Carry with me something that my parents taught me and that is don't forget where you came from my dad came to our great country seen pop ballads, but he came and fulfilled the American dream at sueño americano my mom and dad worked long hours every single day so odd that I could walk across the stage to get a law degree and when I was 9 years old in 1990, Joe Biden had the foresight to write the landmark Violence Against Women Act, that impacted it impacted the life of survivors of domestic violence and rape survivors for 30 years and 29 years later, in 2019 I passed the historic Lavinia masters act with an unprecedented 50 million dollars to tackle the backlog of thousands of untested rape kits in Texas. And let me tell you Dallas that a lot of people have been waiting for justice, but we are done waiting. We are done waiting for an increase in minimum wage for all Americans. We are done waiting for eight hundred and seventy-three thousand, uninsured babies and children, Texas alone. To see a doctor. We are done waiting for the national acknowledgement of the Equal Rights Amendment. We are done waiting for young, undocumented Americans to have an equal opportunity under the law we learn son waiting to end private prisons and for a new era of criminal justice reform. We are done waiting for the NRA to stop profiting off the murder of children. We are done waiting for the decriminalization of cannabis. We are done waiting for comprehensive non-discrimination laws to protect our LGBT community because of who they love. We are done, ladies and gentleman waiting for someone to leave this nation, a nation of immigrants like my dad, but there is somebody here today. There is somebody here tonight who is ready to lead our nation. There is somebody ready tonight ready to be commander in chief president I want to recognize. We want to recognize some elected officials who have endorsed and are on Team bited, we're gonna start and give it up for ambassador Wally Brewster, give it up for ambassador Ron Kirk for a state, senator Beverly pal, give it up for state senator Nathan, Johnson for say, representative Jessica consulate for state representative run-up powers for state representative Chris Turner. Thank representative John, Turner, Dallas, County, judge playing Jenkins Dallas County tax, assessor John aim, Dallas County, Treasurer, Pauline, Madonna, Dallas, County, Commissioner, John money, Bryce, Dallas, Mike, Raleigh, Austin, Mayor, Steve, Adler and Dallas City, Councilman, Adam, Madonna stage, congressman Collin, Elrod, congressman mark VC and congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson, hey good evening. Dallas, listen I, just gotta tell y'all this first 14 or 15 months that I've been able to serve you in Congress. It's been the honor of my life as many of y'all know. This community gave me everything. I had I was raised here by a single mother who taught in our public schools graduate from Hillcrest High School, and thanks to my teachers and my coaches and the YMCA I was able to go to Baylor play in the NFL, become a civil rights lawyer and now represent you in Congress. You know that's who we are in North Texas. We believe that if you do the right things and work hard, you should be able to get ahead and in 2018 we did something special together. We did something special, so many folks, some of you in this room came together to help us flip. A district right here in Dallas from red to blue I knew we were in good shape. I knew we were in good shape when folks thought they could bring their families to go block walk when they promised their kids. If you do one more house Aggie some ice cream, that's what I knew and we were in good shape, neighbor to neighbor text into text and that's the way we won our race. That's the way we can take back this country and I don't have to tell y'all how much is that stake? We passed over 275 bipartisan bills in the house, they're not getting a hearing in the Senate and if they got through that they wouldn't get signed by this president, we have to have a change in the White House. All of us are here. All of us are here supporting Joe Biden, so we know he's a good man he's a good man. He's got a deep well of empathy. He understands what people are going through. He suffered in his life and there's no one better than Joe Biden to bring our country back together after this horribly divisive three years we've been through, but the first thing we got to do. The first thing we got to do is make sure that Joe Biden wins Texas. Tomorrow now I know there was a lot of good candidates in the field. I understand it was tough, sometimes for people to make their mind up, but now we know who we're coming together. Behind Joe Biden's gonna be our nominee and he's gonna be the next president. United States, so let me turn it over to my good friend who I always asked for advice. Oh y'all know has been representing us so well in the Congress and in the Statehouse mark VC. What's up Dallas? What's up Tarrant County was sucked in County. What's up, collin county are y'all ready for Super Tuesday are y'all ready for Milwaukee are y'all ready to put Joe Biden in the White House I'm gonna use my two minutes to tell you that we're on our way to an incredible journey and we need each and every one of you to be engaged from here on out to make sure that we send Victoria niave and Raphael and Chia to the state legislature next year in the majority we need to make sure that we grow our majority in the US House of Representatives. We need to make sure that we take the majority back in the US Senate and we need to do that. One precinct at a time one County at a time one state at a time to make sure that we get Joe Biden to 270 electoral votes, that he needs to be the next president of the United States of America, and we can only do it with your help. So make sure that, from this point on that you're putting all your energy into everything that we need to make this man, the leader of our great nation and return, some respect and dignity back to the White House and now I'm going to introduce to you the Dean of our delegation from the great city of Dallas, Eddie, Bernice, Johnson, hello, everyone you look like America America deserves a great president, someone that we could be proud of someone. We could respect someone who knows what we want and someone who stands for all of us. They say news as of tonight has to be carried through tomorrow and on to November. Have you already voted? Tell everybody else to go to my heart, because that's the last day we need this president. We need to destroy it, to restore the dignity to the White House. We need someone who respects working people as a matter of fact he's a man. Who's worked all of his adult life in public service, and so so many candidates had a lot of money to give out, but he only had what we gave him because we worked just like he has worked so even though he might not have the most money, he has the most caring spirit. Yes, history show he has shown through his work and I've known him. Since 1988 I have watched him, I've worked with him, I've know him and I know he stands for what I stand for. He stands for all Americans and he can't do this without us. So we must live here and carry this enthusiasm with us and make sure that he is elected in November, but we first got to make sure he gets the delegates for the nomination and it ends tomorrow at 7:00 p.m. all of you who got voted you've got to do it tomorrow. Tell everyone that's over 18, that's registered that they owe it to the nation to catch that vote. This is a man who work with us to get that right to vote and to keep it he's far America just like we are so we need to make sure we always put someone in the White House who is for America, not using America. It takes only one boat, but each one of you, but it takes every one of you don't forget to tell all of your neighbors and all of your friends wherever they live. That Biden is the man of the day. How great is it to be here in Dallas Texas and how great it is to be here with my family, John and Abigail, and with Vice President Biden? How wonderful it is to be standing next to him on a stage when it isn't the debate stage, so I, actually, as you all know, announced my campaign for president in the middle of a Minnesota blizzard. Just so I could impress everyone in Texas and in particular everyone in Dallas. So we didn't let the snow stop us. We didn't let the cold stop us. We did continue through that speech because that's what we do in the heartland we made a little in this campaign in my campaign, go a long way and our homegrown campaign with a tremendous staff that stuck together from the beginning and volunteers, every way beat the odds, and that got me up here right now on this stage and the most amazing thing was getting to know so many people across the country and I know the vice president knows this as well: the the Vietnam vet who sobbed as he talked about losing his son to mental illness, the rancher who had voted for Donald Trump but after he saw him, give a speech in front of that sacred wall with the CIA stars of those that lost their lives in the line of duty decided, he wasn't going to do it again. The immigrant mom, the immigrant mom, who told me she works two jobs all for her kids and through it all I, said to them and I believe this now standing with the vice-president. If you feel tired of the noise and the nonsense and our politics, and if you are tired of the extremes, you have a home with me and I think you know you have a home with Joe Biden, so many so many people joined us supported us as we carried forward with this simple but fundamental message, and that it is time for Americans to join hands instead of pointing fingers. It is time it is time to turn back the division and the hate and the exclusion and the bitterness, and it is time to work together to lift up those who are left out and to bring people with us instead of shoving them away. I believe, and it's the reason I'm up here, that we are never going to out divide the divider in chief. We must, as Americans dream bigger than that we have to be better than that, because if we spend the next four months dividing our party and going at each other, we will spend the next four years watching Donald Trump tear apart this. We need we need Texans. We need to unite our party and our country, and to do it not just with our words but with our actions. It is up to us all of us to put our country back together to heal this country and then to build something even greater I believe we can do this together, and that is why today, I am ending my campaign and endorsing Joe Biden. Okay, I have a I have a few other things to say. Joe Biden has dedicated his life to fighting for people, not for the rich and the powerful, but for the mom for the farmer. For the dreamer, for the Builder for the veteran he can bring our country together and build that coalition of our fired up Democratic base, as well as independence and moderate Republicans, because we do not in our party, want to just eat by a victory. We want to win big and Joe Biden. As you know, from all the work he has done, that he will not just govern with his hat and he's got a lot of good ideas, but he will also govern with his heart. I know that you know here in this big state of Texas that the heart of this country is bigger than the heart of the guy in the white house. It is time it is time America for a president that understands that service is not about self-interest. It is about sacrifice. It is time for a president that represents all of America, including people in the middle of this country. At a time when we see people in extremes that are trying to drown out people and most of all, it is time- and this is what I feel so strongly about. It is time for a president that will bring decency and dignity back to the white. At one of the debates of our many debates, I told the stories you would I told I told the story of Franklin Delano Roosevelt, that beloved president and when he died, they put his body on a train that went from Georgia to Washington DC, and the story is that people spontaneously stood along those train tracks to show their respect and a reporter came upon a guy, regular guy. He just had his hat in his hand and he was sobbing and the reporter said to him. Sir, do you mind me asking: did you know President, Roosevelt and the guy says no I didn't know the president, but he knew me, and that is exactly what is missing right now in the White House. We have a president that has no empathy that cannot put himself in the shoes of the people of this country. Well, guess who can do that if you, if you out there, are trying to figure out how you stretch your paycheck to pay for your rent or your mortgage or someone in your family is, you know, Joe knows you and he will fight for you yeah. You are someone trying to decide. How do you pay for the long-term care for your parents and the child care or the college for your kids? Joe knows you and he will fight for you and if you are trying to figure out how am I going to fill that prescription for insulin or some other prescription drug or fill my refrigerator. Joe knows you and he will fight for you. So I cannot think of a better way to end my campaign than joining his because because America, you gave an opportunity to the granddaughter of an iron ore miner to the daughter of a teacher and a newspaperman. You gave me Minnesota the opportunity to be the first woman elected to the US Senate from the state of Minnesota and America. You gave me this incredible year to be a candidate for president of the United States, because you have faith in what we can achieve together. It is because of your undying belief that for all of us, the best is yet to come so before I turn it over to our next president, I want to remind you of something really practical tomorrow. Tomorrow is Super. Tuesday tomorrow is Super Tuesday and Texas. You are one big Super Tuesday state. There are 14 Super Tuesday States, including my home state of Minnesota. So what I want? All of you to do is vote for Joe vote for decency, vote for dignity, vote for a heart for our country. That is what he will bring to the White House and with that I give you the next president of the United States. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for hello Dallas. As my mom would say, I apologize for my back, but you had my back and I promise. I'll. Have you folks Amy? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You know I want to make clear something. I can't tell you how much Amy's endorsement the Senators endorsement means to me. It's it's great to see her family to see John and her brilliant daughter, Abigail, who was with her and and from the moment Amy ghovat are announced for president in that snowstorm. It wasn't hard to see she had the grit and determination to do anything. She said her mind. Do you know Amy knows how to get things done. She really does that's why amy has never lost and she's not Lucy. Now you're gonna hear a lot from Amy Klobuchar fun. That's why she's one of the most effective senators, the United States Senate her campaign, was all about what we could get done, how to make America better every day in simple, straightforward ways: folks, the story that Amy tells about that person who Franklin Roosevelt as a train went by you wanted that she talked about. She believes and that notion that you know he didn't know. I didn't know the president, but he knew me well. Let me tell you something: it's it's everything that Amy's about nobody who's ever dealt with. Her doesn't think that she knows them, and you know what isn't that everything that's missing with this president today, you know, Amy spoke, is something that I've made central in my campaign for president as well to compete and complete the total lack of empathy and decency in this current president. He cannot stay there. He cannot stay. We all know it. There is no of decency honor the way he ridicules people the way he demeans people who he talks about and demonizes people who are different. The fact that he's so self-absorbed he doesn't seem to care about anything anything else in this country. Folks, I mean I. I, know I, believe that he wasn't going to be a very good president, but I have to admit to you with Donald Trump I didn't have any idea just how much it was gonna, be always about Donald Trump. You know and it's having a corrosive impact. It's having a corrosive impact on our children. Folks were already seen reports of children in school mimicking, the behavior of the president, a large piece in The Washington Post, talked about the the way in which teachers are finding kids are bullying, other kids and quoting the president using the president's language, singling out immigrants for ridicule and harassment. What in God's name did we expect what we think was going to happen when this behavior became so clear when teachers try to deal with this kind of behavior? Is that any surprise that the kids would say? Well, that's what the president does. Apparently the Washington Post article laid out a school and talked about them saying to the teachers. That's what the president does. You know our children are listening, they're, listening, that's having a profound impact, a pround impact on our society. I've said many times in this campaign. This nation will be able to overcome four years of Donald Trump, but if this man is reelected, he will fundamentally alter who we are as a nation for better than a generation to come, and we can not let that happen so Amy. Thank you thank you for being here tonight. Thank you for your friendship and thank you for support. You know I want to also thank you for the voice, you're gonna supply in this race. Thank you for your endorsement. I'm truly honored to have it and folks I wasn't joking amy won all the debates and I'm sure glad I wasn't on stage debating you again, Amy folks, you know. Just a few days ago, the press and the pundits declared this campaign dead, but South Carolina had something to say about it. Tomorrow, Texas and Minnesota, and the rest of Super Tuesday states. We're gonna have a lot to say about it and when you do we'll be on our way to defeating Donald Trump in a second term and my message to everyone, every person who's been knocked down, counted out. Left behind. This is your campaign. We need you, we want you and there's a place of this campaign for you. So join us go to Joe, Biden dot-com sign up volunteer contribute again, we need you and we are going to do this look. The decision is the Democratic Party will make all across this country tomorrow and Democratic voters in the next few weeks to determine what this party stands for, what we believe and what we were able to get done if Democrats want a nominee to beat Donald Trump keep Nancy Pelosi Speaker of the House, making sure we take back the United States Senate and the Texas State Legislature then join us. The Democrats want to name a nominee. He will build on Obamacare, not scrap it. Take on the NRA and the gun manufacturers protect our children well stand up for the middle class, not raise their taxes and make promises that can't be kept. Then join us. The Democrats wanna nominee, who's a Democrat, a lifelong Democrat, a proud Democrat, an obama/biden Democrat then join us. We can either win big or lose big. This that's a choice. We need to build a coalition on a legacy of one of the most successful presidents of our lifetime, Barack Obama and we'll do this by bringing the country together. That's what is united a me me all along the idea. We have to unite this country. Remember how we were both made fun of by our opposition. Saying we're going to unite the country say it can't be done. We refuse to accept the notion that there'll be a constant war, that Republicans are our enemies, their opposition look folks. This time we got to bring around everybody: every race, ethnicity, gender, disabilities, our economic situation, Democrats, Republicans, independents of every stripe, and that's why I'm so excited about Amy's endorsement of our campaign. She says that view and mayor Pete was endorsed to our campaign earlier. Thank him as well, and all we now have over 1500 endorsements, including 36 congressmen. Mayors, elected officials are joining the campaign just the last two days, though most Americans don't want the promise of a revolution. They want results. They want a revival of decency, honor and character. They want to give all Americans access to real opportunity to have affordable available health care for all Americans, an environment. That's clean air and clean water, an education system that funds our schools pays our teachers. A decent wage, makes Community College treaties with the overwhelming overwhelming burden of student debt. Folks we can do this and pay for it. The nation, where we stand up and beat the nra and reform the criminal justice system and mobilize the world against climate change, the whole world, a nation where we live our values, embrace immigrants and refugees, asylum seekers, not slam the door in the face of those flee persecution, violence and a president. That's what's made America folks, folks, 24-hour 100 students at school is Latino. It's a non overwhelming interest that make us better. If we invest look folks, a nation that provides a path to citizenship for 11 million, who are enriching our communities every single day, an economy, three words: we words work, not just wealth. My dad used to have an expression he's doing jobs about a lot more than a paycheck. It's about decency, about respect! It's about, be able to look yourself in the mirror and know. What's going on it's about be able to look your children, I swear to god. This is what he would say, it's about being able to look your child in the eye and say honey everything's going to be okay. American people aren't asking for anything other than a chance, an even chance and they're being denied dad this about your place in the community. It's about all our families, all our communities. Look Amy and I. Look at everything from the prison. There goes Trump anyway, the prison, how it affects you, your family, your community, all our communities. Folks, it's simple! That's why I'm a Democrat? That's why I got involved in the first place. This election isn't a battle for the soul of the Democratic Party, but it is a battle for the soul of America and in the most perilous moment we faced in anyone's lifetime here winning means u-19 America, not sowing more division and anger. It means not only fighting as president, but a president who will heal the country. The country has to be healed. We've got to beat Donald Trump in the Republican Party, but we, but we can't become like them. We can't become like them. We've got to heal the divisions, repair, our democracies and I'm, absolutely confident, not only Democrats, but independents and Republicans vote errs. No. We have to heal this country and once again fight for the proposition as corny as it sounds that we hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men and women are created equal endowed by their creator with certain inalienable rights. Folks, that's the uniqueness of America, we're based on an idea. We've never fully lived up to it, but we've never before walked away from it like this, president, has I believe with every fiber of my being. What we've done in every generation is further open, the aperture for a conclusion in making sure that people have a shot. Look I want to recognize three people who have dedicated their careers to fighting for more perfect union call on our he flipped. This district helped take back the house in 2016. He did what I only dreamed to doing playing in the NFL, what a hell of an athlete, what a great great congressman, and we need to make sure that he holds that seat, November and Marc Veasey God love him he's done incredible. Work help help lead the fight against the erosion of Voting Rights Act against the erosion of voting in this nation. Half the country, half the nations in this half the states in this nation have put up barriers. It's the new Jim Crow all over again and Eddie. Bernice Johnson is a legend I'm honored to share this stage, she's a woman who knows how to get things done for the people of Dallas, and she leaves nobody behind. Look the days of Donald Trump's divisiveness will soon be over I guarantee you. We can build a more perfect union because the American people have now seen the alternative. Folks, there's two way people get inspired. They get inspired by great leaders like Lincoln and Roosevelt and Kennedy and Obama. Well, thank you, but but they also get inspired by very bad leaders. No I really mean it. I really mean it. This president has sort of ripped the band-aid off exposed, just how venal he's become and how he has literally literally strangled a life out of the Republican Party. So folks we got a shot. This is bigger than whether a Democrat wins. This is about restoring the character of America, not a joke, because we've been damaged all over the world. We've been damaged badly, his embrace of thugs and dictators his way he treats our military and talks about them. The way he demeans, people, ladies and gentlemen at home, he's never done anything other than other than seek division. So folks, it's time to get back out we're decent, we're brave were resilient people, believing it are better than this moment. We are better than this president and so get up. Let's take back this country for the United States of America and there's not a single thing. We cannot do what we do it together. God bless you all and may God protect our troops. Folks. Thank you. I gotta wait one more minute. Folks, there's one more person. I want to thank a man who electrified this state nation. One of those incredible runs of the United States Senate. We have ever seen here in this state, a man who demonstrated an enormous compassion and courage in the wake of the shooting in El Paso, a man with unlimited future. A million will be changing this nation for the better for many years to come. Ladies and gentlemen, better and his way me come on better, oh and Amy Amy watch your step here. God love you! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Dallas Tarrant County Denton : anybody from the Rio Grande Valley Far West Texas in El Paso Lubbock Amarillo in the Panhandle Longview Texas Arkana in East Texas, on behalf of everyone of the 254 counties of this great state. We welcome dr. Jill, Biden and Vice President, Joe, Biden and pro team. All prezi, then thin little sister also need osaki from the south coast este momento. Ladies and gentlemen, tomorrow March 3rd 2020 I will be casting my ballot for Joe Biden, and let me tell you why we need somebody who can beat Donald Trump. The man in the White House today poses an existential threat to this country, to our democracy, to free and fair elections, and we need somebody who can beat him and in Joe Biden. We have that man we have someone who in fact is the antithesis of Donald Trump Joe Biden is decent he's kind, he's caring he's, empathetic I, don't know. If you saw this last week, the Vice President was at a town hall in South Carolina and dr. Reverend. Anthony Thompson came up to the microphone and talked about losing his wife at mother, Emanuel AME in South Carolina in 2015 and Joe. Biden listened to him, in fact, with his eyes closed, so that he could concentrate on every single word that that man said and then he spoke back to him and to all of us from his heart filled with compassion and love and the power to heal. He wanted to heal that man. He wanted to hear heal, Charleston South Carolina, but as someone who lives in El Paso Texas, which saw another white nationalist rampage where 22 people were killed solely based on their ethnicity, on the color of their skin on their country of national origin, I felt Joe, Biden healing us at a time that this country is so polarized so deeply divided. We need somebody who can bring us together and heal us. We need somebody who can reestablish the moral authority of the United States. We need somebody who will fight for democracy here and abroad, because amok recei is under attack here and abroad. We need Joe Biden and mr. vice president I have traveled to each one of the 254 counties of Texas. I know this state and I've got to tell you the fact that you take the time to listen to us to be here to understand our concerns as well as our aspirations means the world to us. This is a state that is dead last in the United States when it comes to the number of insured, which means that we have people dying of diabetes. The largest mental healthcare facility in the state is the County Jail system in the state, those with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder and clinical depression are getting arrested on purpose to get the care that they cannot find. Otherwise, we know that you are gonna lead us to make sure that there is healthcare for each and every single one of us, every child, every man and every woman. Mr. vice president, you also know that whether it was Sutherland, Springs or Santa, Fe, High, School or El Paso Texas at that Walmart, this last August or midland-odessa in the same year. We understand the devastating toll of gun violence in America and in this state, and we need someone who's going to make sure that, whether it is a mass shooting in a Walmart or in our school or the shootings at far too often take those in our communities of color one or two at a time who don't even make the headlines or the front page or the news. We don't even know their names, you're gonna stand up for each and every one of us and end gun violence in America, with universal background checks, extreme risk protection orders and an end to the selling of weapons of war in our communities. Keep that stuff on the battlefield don't bring it into our homes and mr. vice president. This energy-rich state that has fueled the growth of America also wants to be the state that, with your leadership, leads the charge to confront climate change before it is too late. We're counting on you Baruch Timur in 2018. All of us a lot of good people who are here on the stage out there throughout the state ran the greatest grassroots campaign Texas had ever seen. We won more votes than any Democrat had in Texas history, young voter turnout up 500% in early voting, and these were the gains 12 new members of the State House, all Democrats, replacing Republicans two new members of Congress, including the all-time great Colin Allred right here in this community 17 African American women elected to judicial positions in Harris County. Now is the time to finish the job, make sure that we win the nine seats that we lack to take control of the State House for the first time in twenty years and the racist gerrymandering in Texas and move forward on the issues we care most about you, mr. vice president, as the top of the ticket can help us. Do that so I want to. Let you all know: I love you too, and we all love, Joe and I am going to treat Joe and Jill right. We're gonna, take them to a world-class meal. Tonight, there's a water burger less than half a mile from here, but first make this. One promise make this one promise you I'm getting water. Burger orders shouted from behind me. Okay, you, your family, your friends, your neighbors, your classmates, your colleagues, every single one of us is gonna, get after it and vote tomorrow. Are you with me? Are you with Joe, ladies and gentlemen, dropsy mall Presidente, Little, Sis, tomassoni lows, Jill button? Let's do it for Joe I want to make something clear: I'm gonna guarantee you. This is not last year's seat of this guy you're gonna take care of the gun problem with me. You're gonna be the one that leads this effort, I'm counting on you, I'm, counting on you. We need you badly. The state needs you. The country needs you you're the best. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.