Oh I think the gobbler did it with any other food is a great pleasure to be here with your next member of parliament, stella adler, lady, together now I think Stella might have already mentioned that this is probably the writing. I visited most in my life after my home writing in Ottawa and the writing. I live in now because my grandparents lived on coffee, Road just caught the road I believe. That's one go train station east! That's right! I! Just take the lakeshore West line all the way- and this is Clarkson just over here and I. Think my aunt is my aunt Loretta here she lives on ok, I've got lots of hints and I'm close. This is my aunt Kathy and my other aunt Kathy. When you have a big Irish family, you tend to use a lot of the same names over and over again, but it is such a great thrilled to be here, ladies right, because we have such a fantastic, positive conservative message about how our government will live within its means, so we can leave more money in your pocket so that you can get ahead. That is the whole theme of our campaign and everywhere I go across Canada I meet, so many people who come up to me and they say Andrew I'm. So very sorry and I always think to myself that that is a very Canadian way to introduce yourself, but every day I meet them. They come up and they say I'm. So sorry, I voted liberal in 2015, but I am voting conservative in 2019 and that's because more and more Canadians are realizing that Justin Trudeau is just not as advertised that he's not who he says. He is that he's fake and phony. You might have heard me say that people realize that he's faking he's phony because he says things that aren't true. He looked native to the idea that the allegations about the SNP, lavell and scandal were false. Then he said that the Attorney General never came in him with her concerns. That was false -. He says he stands up for women, and then he fires the only two women in his caucus that were willing to stand up for his scandal and his corruption and more and more Canadians are realizing that when he promised that he would balance the budget and lower taxes on the middle class, that 80% of Canadian middle-class families are paying higher taxes today than they were in 2015, and they know the budget did not balance itself after all and they more and more Canadians. Millions of Canadians are turning to our Conservative Party to offer them hope for a better tomorrow for help in achieving their goals for ending the endless deficit, putting a stop to the tens of billions of dollars in borrowing, because conservatives know that the higher that debt goes, the more those deficits accumulate, the more your taxes go up to pay for it, and we've seen that with Justin rule with his carbon tax. His carbon tax that raises the cost of everything higher fuel prices, higher grocery bills, higher home heating bills and conservatives, know that no Canadian has ever been no Canadian has ever become richer by paying higher taxes, and that's why job number one job number one for a new Conservative government. The first piece of legislation that Stella is going to be voting on will be called an act to repeal the carbon tax, but we know we know that. Not only do these endless deficits lead to higher taxes, we also know that they threaten services, and, just again, today we found out that Justin Trudeau's government was cutting back on services to veterans they cut. They very quietly tried to get away with they try to cut and claw back the amount of support that they get provincial health department's for taking care of our heroes. So, once again, while Justin Trudeau has billions of dollars for everything else after he has ten million dollars to pay for Omar Cotters pay owe once again he's looked our veterans in the eye and said that they are asking for more than he could give. Well, that might be true for him, but conservatives will honor the sacrifice that our veterans have made to this country. We will make sure they get the health care that they deserve. We are going to run a government that gets back to balanced budgets so that we can put more money in your pocket. We've already announced a lot of great initiatives on how we're going to do that. Our universal tax credit, our universal tax cut, means that the average income earning couple will receive eight hundred and fifty dollars back in their pocket each and every year we're bringing back the kids sports and activities tax credit to help parents raise their kids and, as I mentioned as someone who took the go train quite a few times from Union Station to Port Credit station and Clarkson took the number-8 to square one. So many times growing up, we are going to bring back the green public transit tax credit to make your commute a little bit easier. We're also gonna recognize the sacrifice that new moms make when they take those critical first few months home with their child, and we are going to make maternity leave benefits. Tax-Free. A lot of people rightly say: where is that money going to come from? That's a very important question: I have told Canadians where we're going to get the savings, so we put that money back in the pockets of hard-working Cajuns. We are going to cut corporate welfare by 1.5 billion dollars and cut foreign aid spending by 25% to bring that money back here at home. So that is a choice. Ladies and gentlemen, between a high-carbon hypocrite who was up earlier today in canada's north and yes, he did fly both planes. Let's talk about the environment like this on so many other things he's proven to be such a hypocrite, but he thinks it's ok, because you know he bought carbon offsets, so that makes it ok makes it ok- and this speaks to the hypocrisy of liberals on this- because millionaires and trust-fund inheritors like Justin Trudeau will never have to change their lifestyle. They'll never have to go without they'll. Never have to go with less because they can afford to pay for their privilege, but hard-working Canadian families don't want to pay higher gas prices, don't want to pay higher home heating costs, and that's why we are going to lower taxes for them and cancel the carbon tax. So that's the choice, ladies and gentlemen, say sang de leche, wasa Claire Syd elección between a prime minister between a Liberal Party that will raise your taxes around massive deficits and make the cost of living more expensive or a Conservative government that will get back to balanced budgets to leave more money in your pocket. So you can get ahead. We're Justin Trudeau will abuse the power of his office to reward his friends and punish his enemies. I will restore ethics and integrity to our government and shine a light on his corruption, where he will embarrass Canada on the world stage and get bullied and pushed around. I will stand up for Canadians and our interests on the world, with professionalism with strength and determination and where he will apologize for Canada's energy sector. Go around the world talking down our natural resources. I will get big projects built in this country again, so that we can become energy independent. That is the choice. This election, ladies and gentlemen and I cannot wait for the day after the election on October 22nd, when hard-working members of parliament, like Stella and all the fantastic men and women from coast-to-coast, come to Ottawa to start implementing this positive conservative vision for Canadians to get ahead. Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. Let's get out there and finish this election strong. Thank you very much.