Thank you very, very much. Merci beaucoup purrs at my shadow, it's great to be back I, know you've all been working very hard in your constituency since the last time we met and now we're going to roll up our sleeves and get to work here in Ottawa as well now I for one can't wait to get back into the house to show Canadians why? Perhaps more than ever, our country needs a Conservative government, but first I would like to take this opportunity to acknowledge the horrible atrocity committed by the Iranian regime. 57 Canadians lost their lives, their friends and families woke up to the realization that they would never see their loved ones again. I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Prime Minister for keeping me fully informed about developments and I know that many of our shadow ministers have had conversations with their counterparts as well and while tragic it is heartwarming to see Canadians of all walks of life coming together during trying times like these, and we as conservatives are going to continue to push for justice for the families and to ensure that the Iranian regime is held accountable. Jamal food read in a pack, c'mon say pal or Connecticut law, qiblah atrocity, kameez, pala regime, Iranian second state Canadian on Purdue levy, lose Amy, L, FM e su song levy. Enmity, you know, really they can refer a plea. Jamia, the brush, German, hey Mara mercy, lip reminisce, the millennia play money. For me, the development is a second hombres Minnesota cabin, a font on the scooter back leo Malaga ma'am, see said situation, a tragic say, being the VAR, the Kennedy at the Canadian, the to lay Melia Selenia a tell on Intel mama new on Tonka conservator along continuing her claim ages. Disbelief a me, a poor, a so Hitler regime. Iranian 18, irresponsible now well, Canadians can be United when we face external threats. We have to stay focused on the best interests of Canadians here at home and coming out of the election campaign at the top of everyone's minds was the issue of national unity, though Trudeau liberals were shut out of Alberta and Saskatchewan, where anxiety is running higher than perhaps we've ever seen before. In Quebec, we saw the resurgence of the separatist block québécois. Now, while Trudeau has said many of the right things. Over the last few weeks, we haven't seen him walk the walk. Billions of dollars in investment is still fleeing the energy sectors in Alberta and Saskatchewan and forestry Mills continued to close down in British Columbia, and we will get to the opportunity to see where Trudeau stands. When it comes to the development of the tech frontier project in northern Alberta, will he stand with hard-working energy workers? Will he stand with local indigenous groups who support the project, or will he stand with the activists and celebrities who want us to shut down our energy sector tomorrow? We've made our choice in this room. We stand with Canadian energy workers all across and we will continue to make the case to Keynes that the world needs more Canadians, more Canadian energy and that Canada needs more Canadian energy, and we must continue to show Canadians that the Conservative Party are the only ones who can keep our country United and strong. A new Devon continue a Emily Oken ADL Canadian gala party conservative ELISA keeper guard a nut repay for a uni, while the house is sitting for the first time this session on Monday. The parliamentary work has already begun, I'd like to thank the members of the Special Committee on Canada China relations, who held their first meeting this past week. As many of you may remember, this committee was a result of us working together with our colleagues in the opposition to hand Justin Trudeau his first defeat of this minority Parliament, a Canada's relationship with the Chinese government will help define the 21st century. Unfortunately, every step of the way Justin Trudeau has been pushed around and has failed to stand up for Canadian interests, whether it's the status of the two Canadians being illegally detained widespread human rights violations at the hands of the Chinese government. Canadian farmers losing billions of dollars getting shut out of markets. Sukhumi TV tabria in responsible is SEO and tossed barrels, Estancia sorsa dossier, rat d'ivoire, tsukino, deputy pivot, confía avec, leur colleague des autopathy. The tudor liberals also recently indicated their proposed firearms ban will be coming in the next few weeks. Now, let's be clear about what this is. This is an attack on law-abiding, responsible firearms owners on hunters on farmers and sport. Shooters, honest Canadian, honest Canadians, who follow all the rules already making law-abiding members of our communities follow. Even more rules will not help solve gun crime. It's easy lazy government to force people who are already following all the rules and all the laws to just follow a few more it's much harder and much more difficult to go after the gang members and the illegally trafficked firearms. But that is the difficult work that conservatives have always been her hair. Just a short time ago, our whole member of parliament, Glenn Watts, launched a petition on this issue and and just in a few days, it is already the second most signed online petition in history. So, let's not give up, let's make it the most scientific. Finally, the Trudeau liberals will table their first budget of the upcoming session in the next couple of months and, quite frankly, I am very worried about the future of our economy. Trudeau is going to try and buy the votes of the NDP in the block in order to pass it and when that and when the time comes, he's going to try and buy back his majority -, and what does that mean? It means more wasteful spending, more sky-high taxes and more reckless borrowing. All of this, as there are worrying economic signs on the horizon, phenomenally Baroda Trudeau, vom ginto, president Taylor premier bhujette recession, party Montera, if from small Jim Inc, yet poor, l'avenir the natural economy today to know that tante - still a vote. The NPD ad block prefer adopt-a-thon Buju le momo of the new eval seat on today, Rushdie sab major retail kiss-kiss, a video on car through the du Pont's in idiot, encore, blue dose dimple a encore. Please don't run away fleshy to settle orchid a sin: economic in Kyoto, superval alleppey zone. The possibilities of a can't ever made in Canada recession are becoming more and more real, but the Conservative Party will always be. The party of fiscal responsibility will always be the party of the taxpayer and, as the pre budget consultations continue. Let's remember that our party is now undergoing an exciting leadership contest and where candidates are going to be traveling across the country and sharing their vision for the future of the Conservative Party. So I, of course, would like to offer my best wishes to everyone running. While that's going on the Trudeau. Liberals might think that our leadership race will give them a free ride. They're wrong. We're all we're all going to continue to be here in Ottawa and the House of Commons is on the committee floor every single day fighting for our vision for the country, minority Parliament's. Can end abruptly and unexpectedly, so we can't afford to waste a day. We've got to make the case every single day for why our country needs a Conservative government for a stronger position on the world stage for respect for taxpayers dollars and for a united country from east to west to north Lipari. Mommy, no tariffs, pronto, fame, Bruce, co-ed, ammonia innit on do need approval, bad new pair metal de Pedra in so journey to leisure, new devil mantra, pourquoi not repay. At this way. The government conservator then position blue solids to lessen Mondial disrespected earlier, the contributor didn't pay uni, the last lowest a or Norah Canada needs a Conservative government, so there will be no free ride for the Trudeau Liberals this session. Thank you very much. Everyone I'm looking for a very.