Canadians will have a clear choice to make this October between a new Conservative government, one that will live within its means to put more money in your pocket so that you can get ahead or re-elected Liberal government under Justin Trudeau, who has spent the last four years, making life more expensive while rewarding his friends and punishing his critics. Now Trudeau can't run on his record. He can't possibly defend all of his broken promises: massive deficits, tax increases and ethical and corruption scandals. That's why he's dredging up divisive social issues trying to distract Canadians from his litany of failures, as of today Trudeau will not attend to important leaders, debates the Maclean's magazine, CTV debate and the monk debate on Canada's foreign policy. These debates shape how Canadians make their decision at the ballot box and Trudeau is trying to basically shut them down because he's afraid to defend his record by refusing to attend these debates. Trudeau wants to force their cancellation and Rob Canadians of an opportunity to see him held to account. This is wrong, and this is a lack of leadership, so I urge Justin Trudeau to show some courage show up to defend his record and his decisions. Over the last four years, lacunae da Li can again ball faith in choix Claire on october alterna, Nouveau groovin among conservative kiva, vivre salon, Lemoine a Metro pleasure da Vetrov posh for amiri baraka Libyan, a own government libera, hey Lu, su Stanford or Kia passe, say Catalina honey, a hundred but Ravi Lucia - tonight on Sesame a police on Socratic Taruna papa. They found a say below in the prepared I found to say false promise, see deficit massive ceases tempo, a a scandal, Datak support, Sarkoja, Mendez owner of social conflict; well, poor tante, the eternal attention to Caesar check something a supporter can refuse to participate. Odaiba the satatam Trudeau never participated, do debe a port on the debe. Do magazine, McLean's in the city, TV ella, debe mock, sulla politic, it from jail, do Canada city by upon determining kamalakannan, gala Kennedy von prendre, indecision, satatam, a true delays on Pesci / skill after the founder sambala of refused on the participate, a sediba tool. Overlays annually they open a Canadian, a Canadian de la voie, rendre deco snippet, correct a same among the leadership inertia press, sustained strudel v curve, the collage it a participate Odaiba for the found resume below AC decision. They say Katra Daniel, any merci beaucoup. She provoked SEO hi. Mr. sheer thanks for taking our questions, we were hoping to seek some clarity from you today. You've said in the past that your MPs would be able to introduced bills on matters of conscience, and you said you're 100% behind that. So can you clarify today whether backbench MP s will be able to introduce motions or bills on issues touching on abortion or same-sex marriage? And if you would allow a free vote for both your caucus and cabinet on such matters? Well, I've always been very clear. Nothing has changed for our party on this issue. This is the same. We operate under the same policies as the previous Conservative government under Stephen Harper, which is that individual MPs have the right to express themselves on matters of conscience, but that a Conservative government will not reopen these divisive social issues, and so that is our position. That has always been our position case and can have confidence. These issues will not be reopened under a future Conservative government and it's really just the Liberals who are pushing this trying to distract from their record of failure, corruption and scandal trying to dredge up issues from long ago that are an attempted to buy Keynes and distract from their own scandals. So our position on these issues has always been very clear. Our party Constitution grants recognizes the the rights of individual MPs, but it also recognizes that a Conservative government will not reopen these types of issues and I wasn't sure that happens. Wait, -, remedy a no-show, sorry, just good rain ASEAN's, a porn actor party comm shows ordered we create a solution. Google or conservator. Lay deputy ala dois the sex creamy so like SEO as polar conscience or pull a selector me and guru more consulate or about to draw a Sarah Cassidy badness supplier Revere, the Canadien power walk conference, Khalid Abbas was occasional, come coming up what amount of a perpetuity of their soon future good or our conservative. Thank you for taking these questions. Can you go past a little bit the talking points and talk about your own faith. Your critics and rivals have emphasized that you've grown up in a deeply faithful household. You maintain a deeply faithful house. Well, can you talk about that and reconcile how your personal faith fits with the abortion question? Well, I think it's very clear that as Prime Minister of Canada I will govern for all Canadians and while every independent Worsham will they face punishment from you. You know I know the Liberals are trying to create hypothetical situations. I I have worked with my caucus over the last two years. I know that we're all focused on the things that unite us. Our caucus understands that there is a diversity of opinion on this among Canadians and, and we are the only party that recognizes or their personal believes, do you still believe that the ability for partners to procreate is essential to marriage, as you want to stole the House of Commons, so my personal views are that all Canadians have inherent dignity. All human beings have inherent dignity and Worth and I will always support quality rights for all Canadians, including LGBT Canadians. This issue was settled long ago. It was an open question and members of all parties had different positions on it. Today it is the law of the land and I will always uphold that law. Sir Simon Dingley from CBC News. You say your your views on same-sex marriage, as defined by law, have changed. How have they personally change your own views on this issue? Mm-Hmm? Well, as I said, my personal views are that LGBT cain's have the same inherent South, self-worth and dignity. That is every other Canadian and I'll always uphold the law and always ensure that they have equal access to the institution of marriage as it exists under the under the law. This is an issue that was settled 15 years ago, and it is completely hypocritical for the Liberals to to try to bring this up now to divide Canadians to use this issue for political partisan purposes, especially when it was put out by a member of parliament who himself had voted against same-sex marriage. So clearly, Canadians have moved on from this issue. It was a matter of debate 15 years ago. It has been settled. I will recognize that it has been settled and my personal views are that every single human being has the same inherent self-worth and dignity. I'll always stand up for the Equality rights of LGBT Canadians. There are many. There are many ways to support the community. I myself have put forward a motion in the House of Commons, calling on the government to do more to ensure that gays and lesbians who face persecution around the world are able to come to Canada to to be free from that type of persecution. I'll continue to advocate for that, as Prime Minister I also represented our party in the historic apology to civil servants who are persecuted because of their sexual orientation. I was very proud to be able to do that on behalf of my party, so I'll continue to support the community and as Prime Minister Keynes could have confidence that all can you every regardless of their faith, their race, their ethnic background, their sexual orientation or their identity has the same equality rights is a co-ed wha, a deposit control, a bottom? Ah SNL mask you: deliver depot gouken, jibba, jibba, oppas, a limiter key chaos, a diversity bah missing in question, a pathetic basket: a violet Makoku stupid, any Ardizzone, JJ coffee on script, -, no mom, + ab k on dois, três, Rizzo, jerky cradle unit; a donut remove, monitor caucus a cyclically and diversity, the pinyon so set on poorly Kennedy la Canadien. The mem shows the natural parties in normal Diwali jong-kyun different perspective, a new genre, so party Keala Kennelly the wall, the limited opinion, expression, Edwardes, individual deputy, the sex premiere proper position. May the Kennedy Emperor walk off eons Cosette Casanova, Gemma, -, Olivia, suitengu, rama conservator, just to clarify so some Quebec conservative candidates chose to run because they were assured that there would be no bells, no motions, no discussion of the abortion issue whatsoever in a Conservative government. So what do you say to those candidates now that some of them are concerned that that may not be the case? Well, I, don't believe I, don't accept the premise of the question. The nothing has changed for our party. Our party position on this has always been the same, and members of parliament who are running for re-election and new candidates know that we are the only party that respects the difference of opinion on this and many other issues. We believe that we are a big tent party and we welcome people who have different perspectives on it on any number of issues. But when we come together, we work as a team, and that is the the the the certainty that Canadians can have confidence in that a Conservative government will not reopen this issue and that I is Prime. Minister will oppose measures that reopen this issue, and that is something that Canadians can be sure of, and it's really just the Liberals who are trying to bring up these types of divisive social issues to distract from their own hit and their own of scandal, their hidden agenda for higher taxes and for future scandals that this is the same playbook that they've run since 2004. When I first ran for Parliament every election cycle. As we get closer to the election, they try to spread fear amongst Canadians on these types of social issues. It has never been the case where a Conservative government has allowed this type of issue to be reopened, and that will continue to be the case under under my leadership as Prime Minister. Mr. fear, regarding the the 2005 video of your position opposing same-sex marriage at the time, do you look back on what you said then and have any regrets? I mean you use an analogy of a dog's tail and not in your speech opposing same-sex marriage? How do you view your own remarks in that video and and how have you changed if you've changed? Well as you'll remember, this was a debate that was held in 2005. It was a major change to an institution in our country, and many people expressed their views in a number of on each side of this issue. I know that many Liberal MPs current sitting Liberal MPs voted against same-sex marriage. The issue is settled. My personal views are that every single Kane has the same quality rights under the law and I will continue to uphold that and I think it's you know -, it's so hypocritical for the Liberals - to reach back 15 years ago to try to divide Kane. It's not an issue that is settled that Kane's know is not going to be revisited in a desperate attempt to distract from their failures and their scandals. So I will always as Prime Minister stand up for equal access under law for all Canadians, including LGBT Canadians. Let's defend their rights both here and abroad, no I mean I. Think sorry. That was more than the other other issue that you brought up. Our party supports their equality rights of all alkanes, including LGBT, canes and and there's no question that there were not be attempts to to revisit that issue. I can be very, very clear on that, sir speaking of being clerk, can you be clear when your opinion changed on this issue and why this issue was settled in 2005, the Parliament had a vote, Cannes Heather, say and in two elections and Society has moved on past from that and and I accept that and and as Prime Minister I will always uphold the law as it stands, which grants that right to to LGBT Canadians, as I said, you know it's it's it's a question of as Prime Minister I will ensure the Equality of Rights of all LGBT, Canadians and I have always believed that that there is inherent dignity and inherent self self-worth in every single human being. This is an issue that was decided by Parliament 15 years ago 14 years ago. I accept that and I think Canadians are I. Think most gains were surprised that the Liberals were attempting to dredge. This type of thing up I mean it's no coincidence that every time we get close to an election cycle, the Liberals search for these types of things to try to divide Canadians that that speech was given in the House of Commons in front of the television cameras for Hansard. It was arguments that were being made by similar types of arguments that many people were making. Other arrogance were made on other sides of the issue. A vote was held. It was settled Keynes who moved on I've moved on we're focused on ensuring that the Equality of Rights of all Canadians are will always be upheld. Lucas on mouth, for that is, literacy and acoustic. Lamb concern on attack solo cabin last mandela on a on very still shows the later lost, retain the fanaticism silver who noticed, attacks, long overdue, priscilla decisions, a gas potosi be no excuse particular column, affords a parent is a brute safari, pepin/alma coffee, unspoken earrings. You know pata to JDK Arabic. Today, Canadian coin guru, conservative and you later tax to the car bomb, say sampler Allah says Sarah Palin casino, Abdel vent in October on that path of Indian, /, sweeter and liqueur. Lord is a cleric lately. The province can accept pal attacks. The carbon pascal self-serve, a path with real easy mission is to more actively cupola Keaney. On purpose. My developer suite a la nouvelle common monk in sing the conference conv Gong Yi pesky. No, no, no Harper between the the deep intelligence, early Avoca poor. In first week in / / IV vapor scumbag going e / annually attacks a DJ vocational legume on province, yeah promotes Eclair, oh, that was in platform. Kiba resonated a Kennedy, a wind, a major Kira who it really could IV pull a Kennedy, say: Network account the energy attacks to the Cobo, a call over annual a detects recover, the Canadian valve wha. There could be so harried. We are such to see Dada my set massager to the Kennedy, a Luger. The premiere project were combat, propose a double-decker mean sir, had no me laugh. Poor animal attacks will occur, come on so say job one for porn, gook, government, conservator, Asia securities elected on truly province with yeah in touch to the Cabal, so some control Tyvek, so supposition, Pascal, name, papili, lately, tax, a living sure. It's always been my position that we will cancel the carbon tax, so there won't be a need for provinces to prepare lawsuits to the Supreme Court, because we're going to scrap it and- and so the voters in in provinces where the carbon tax is being imposed, can have confidence that job one for a Conservative government. The first piece of legislation that we will propose will be called an act to cancel the carbon tax, so we know that the carbon tax is making the cost of living higher and it's not doing anything to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. We also know that the Liberals have a hidden agenda on this tax. Catherine McKenna, just the other day, alluded to the fact that she was going to raise it after the next election then tried to walk it back and then gave the excuse as to why she wasn't answering questions was because she was worried about winning her own seat. So that tells you all you need to know about the Liberals plan for the carbon tax. It will go up, it will make life more expensive. It will do nothing to reduce emissions, and that is why we're fighting so hard against it, and that is why our first act will be called an act to repeal the carbon tax. As I said, the other speech that I gave in 2005 was it was done in Parliament in front of the television cameras on Hansard I mean for the Liberals to try to put out that they unearthed it. Somehow you know the it's it's it just speaks to their level of desperation and and hypocrisy. These are arguments that were being put forward by many people who help views on this issue, as Canada was about to change, are very fundamental of a very important institution in our country. That issue is settled. We accept that we accept the fact that LGBT Canadians have access to marriage laws in Canada. We will always uphold that. This is an issue that was settled long ago. It is only liberals who are trying to bring it up again to divide Canadians and to distract from their own record of scandal and corruption. Thank you very much like, as I said, you know the these were. These are conversations that were being held at the time. These are conversations and arguments that were being put forward by others in in mainstream publications at the time. Obviously, today these are not the types of things that we would bring up again. These are these are not issues we were we would revisit in anyway. This issue has been settled back in 2005 Canadians had their say: parliament has passed, the law I will always uphold that law and ensure that LGBT Canadians have the same access under it. Thank you Oh. You.