To find out that there is this individual allegedly involved with the base, which is probably the most violent of the groups out there, I'm I'm, not shocked. What shocks me more is the last laksa basical attitude, that's being taken by the Canadian military and dealing with this. Well, my my guess is that it is a much bigger problem, but let us assume for a moment that it's it's a small number. Well, what's a small number, thirty, forty fifty they say fifty is a small number. Well, then, how many of those fifty who are inclined violently might actually take action based on the training that they've received the Canadian military? Really all we need is one person. We know that they've identified upwards to 50, violent white supremists amongst the military ranks, and we have no clue at all what they're doing with them. Does that mean, for example, that they've identified them and put them on leave on an administrative leave? Have they taken them out of the military? There's no plan that we don't know anything and, and the fact of the matter is they constitute a clear and present danger and it's up to the Minister of Defense to take action and to let Canadians know what action is being taken. So we can get some level of comfort from there right now. I have no level of comfort, I've been involved in in dealing with neo-nazis and white supremists for three decades. To me, this is the most dangerous and scariest time that I can ever recall what about all the other reports. So what about the other, 50 or so members of adam' Waffen of hammer skins of soldiers of odin, allegedly still in the Canadian military? Have they taken decisive action against them and here's the interesting thing as well we're into an election cycle? So not only have we not heard from the defense minister, we've not heard from the leader of the Opposition we've not heard from the leader of the third party, we've not heard from the leader of the Green Party. Can you imagine for a moment if 50 members Isis were identified as getting military training and members of the Canadian military, we would probably have a national nervous breakdown and yet for white supremists who, by the way, have murdered dozens and dozens of Canadians and Americans in our synagogues in our mosques and in our churches and on the streets. We seem to be very lackadaisical about it, especially the military and that's, not acceptable. It's simply not acceptable. They would like to ask the Minister of Defence straight out. What are you doing about neo-nazis and white supremacist in the military? Tell the Canadian people don't tell us that you're investigating, don't tell us that you don't stand for racism, that's great! What are you doing about the neo-nazis and white supremists in the military.