Thank you good morning. Next, up, let's talk about Apple TV, plus our mission for Apple TV plus, is to bring you the best original stories from the most creative minds in television and film. Now these are just a few of the exclusive originals from the exciting Apple TV Plus lineup, with Apple TV plus you'll get access to these, and so many more. The best movies, comedies dramas and kids shows now. I know that some of you have been wondering when we'll Apple TV Plus be available, and how much will it cost well today, we're excited to tell you that the first shows will be available on November 1st and will be thank you and we'll be adding more Apple originals every month and Apple TV plus will be available in over a hundred countries at launch, and it is just $4.99 per month. All of these incredible shows for the price of a single movie rental. This is crazy. We are so excited about Apple, TV, plus that we wanted to do something really special and so starting today, when you buy an iPhone, an iPad, a Mac or an Apple TV, you get one year of Apple TV plus a so. We can't wait for you to start watching Apple TV Plus on November 1st in the Apple TV app across all of your screens. That's Apple TV Plus! Next up, let's talk about iPhone. Today, I am thrilled to share with you the newest iPhone. This is iPhone 11, the next generation of iPhone, and it is jam-packed with great new capabilities in an incredible new design. To tell you all about iPhone 11 I'd like to invite Cayenne to the stage pan. We have an amazing tool, a camera system with an all-new wide camera, with a new sensor, with 100% focus pixels for faster autofocus three times faster in low-light, and we have a new ultra wide camera with a hundred and twenty degree field of view. This will let you capture way more in your photos and videos, because now you can take a wide camera shot like this, but switch to the ultra wide to reveal iPhone 11 offer so much meaningful innovation, and we want even more people to experience it. So we're really excited to offer iPhone 11 at just $6.99 for our customers that want the most sophisticated technology that really pushes the limits. We've created something truly special and I'm thrilled to introduce it to you now. This is the iPhone 11 Pro, and these are the most powerful and most advanced iPhones that we have ever built in a stunning new design. Now question my favorite part about iPhone. This is the first iPhone that we've had a camera system that we call Pro. It's really worthy of this name. So what does it have? First, it has a new wide camera that has a fast F, 1.8 aperture and focus pixels to cover a hundred percent of the sensor. It is a new telephoto camera with a larger F, 2.0 aperture. It lets in 40% more light and as a new ultra wide camera with a super wide 120 degree field of view and a tremendous range of focus across the entire image introducing iPhone 11 Pro. The triple camera system combines cutting edge technology with the extraordinary ease of iPhone. The redesigned. Camera interface complements the new hardware, with a more immersive and intuitive experience. Telephoto. Why kannu ultra-wide cameras? You can now view four times more seen in your photos and videos with the ultra wide all-new night mode, allows you to capture images, never before possible on an iPhone and drastically lower light. So this is our lineup of three new iPhones starting at six: ninety, nine, ninety, nine and ten. Ninety nine, in addition to that, we're going to keep iphone ten are in the line, starting at just $5.99 and iPhone 8 at four forty, nine. So there's a lot of great options for people at all. Different price points: Apple watch series: five featuring an innovative new display that is always on the new always-on Retina display, never sleeps, so the watch face is always visible with previous models of Apple watch. When you lowered your wrist, the display would go completely dark, but now with series, 5 goals be able to see your time and complications. It tracks your distance underwater and starts competitions and accepts challenges and tracks your workouts and tells you which direction you should be going and reminds you to bleed and has an app that measures. The exact timing of the electrical waves traveling through the upper and lower chambers of your heart, otherwise known as an electrocardiogram. So in conclusion, just to reiterate this watch tells time.