The Arctic is warming twice as fast as the rest of the planet and the latest report card from the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration says the impact is being felt in sea ice, snow cover, permafrost and food sources, endangering habitats, fisheries and indigenous cultures, they're all showing signs of change and those changes are happening happening or abruptly more rapidly than you know. We sort of previously anticipated at the climate summit in Madrid recognition that a climate crisis could come now with just a 1.5 degrees, Celsius temperature increase. You know, everybody says: what's the difference, a one and a half degrees won't have to decrease differences. We get a lot more irreversible changes at two degrees. What's happening is a vicious cycle of warming in the Arctic Arctic sea ice has been melting in recent decades. The open waters absorb more sunlight and that warms the oceans and seas even faster and on land, less snow cover with more sunlight and a warmer atmosphere. So the permafrost is thawing and releasing more greenhouse gases, some of the impacts. Well, the Greenland ice sheet is losing 267 billion tons of ice per year in the Canadian north. The breeding population of the ivory gull has declined 70% since the 1980s in the Bering Sea, there is mass migration of fish species and indigenous communities are threatened and across the entire Arctic from Canada to Siberia, the thawing permafrost could be releasing up to 600 million tons of carbon per year into the atmosphere over eons animals, plants and microbes have died. The carbon locked in the permafrost, its release, would be another jolt to global warming, so it is a sitting freezer of carbon, and so this is carbon. That's gonna, wind its way back into the atmosphere, and the question is: how quickly will that occur as a major per capita carbon producer, Canada is seen by activists at the climate summit as one of the countries not doing enough to combat the causes of climate change, though the impact of global warming is increasingly evident in our own Arctic backyard. Erik Sorensen Global News Toronto.