Thank you very much, bishop maya, all the members of the family and, on a reason, bishop. I thank you for many things, but especially for the decades of guidance and genuine friendship you gave to elijah. It is true that almost things actually 21 years ago, he invited me to new psalmist on the Sunday before the election and I. Remember, you know you I love that you introduce the staff because we'd all be dead without the people are helping us. But if your present, your staff is always trying to tell you why you shouldn't do something or you shouldn't go somewhere, I. Remember this too, very well the same: it's Tuesday Sunday before the election. Why would you go I, get why you want to go to an african-american church? But why would you go to Baltimore I mean come on. There are so good to you. They always vote for you. What would you go for Elijah Cummings he's been in the house, 15 minutes he literally hadn't finished one term, yet I said I just got a feeling. This is something we ought to do and if we do it, we all know whether it was right or not, and so the bishop rolls out the red carpet. Thousands of people were there and you may remember: we got in some trouble, didn't we we got in some trouble, they people criticized us or having get-out-the-vote event in a church. Instead, it was inappropriate and, as I remember, Elijah reminded people that our constitutional rights, including the freedom of religion, the freedom of assembly, the freedom of speech dependent on people giving voice to them in elections, end of debate, then I got to listen to Elijah. Talk that day, you talk about a lousy deal, it was I had to follow both the bishop and the lives are coming, and at least I'm getting in ahead of you and President Obama. Today, I'm just sooo in my old age, on the warm of fact I'm glad to do it anyway. Elijah was great and he ended with his quiet and reasoned and rhythmic voice growing into his booming voice. By quoting that wonderful verse from the fortieth chapter of Isaiah, they wait upon. The Lord will have their strength renewed. They will round up through with wings as Eagles. They will run and gotta go weary. They will walk and think not he just kept doing more and more. The crowd was going crazy. Over the course of these last few days, I've had a chance to think a lot about Elijah's life. He really did sort of mirror Isaiah, who had one of the greatest one-liners in the history of human affairs when the Lord asked whom shall I send and who will go for me, Isaiah said here are my Lord. Send me Elijah, coming spent a whole life saying, send me an entire lifetime. It's not even a teenager when he hauled down to the swimming pool and joins a group to integrate it and for his trouble gets banged on the head with a glass bottle living in a lifetime scar which he bore with honor, and then the people of Baltimore sent him to Annapolis, and then you senator Washington on behalf of the rest of the nation I'd like to thank you. You did a good thing and then I was looking over all the things that he worked on. Just in the four years we were together, he was elected. The year I was re-elected in 1996. He had this amazing array of interest, but we all know now that at least until certain things happen, his legacy is how ardently he honored his oath to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States I think he did it for a lot of reasons. He loved the fact that his parent humbled wives made his a great American story and he loved that it confirmed his faith, but he knew that without the Constitution, the laws that were passed under it, the rights are guaranteed by it and the abuses it was designed to prevent. Without that Constitution he would not have been in Congress, and so he said to himself. I am certain everyday I will not let this promised be sullied and he did his best and while doing his best and fighting his heart out, sticking out for Hillary and lots of other people, many of whom were voiceless and weak and will never be known. While doing all that he actually made and one of the most partisan periods in our country's history a lot of Republican friends, why did he do that? How did he do that? I think he did it because everybody could see he was a real deal. He was doing what he believed his heart was in it and I think he did it, because, no matter how hard he fought and how passionately he argued, he tried to treat everybody the way he wanted to be treated the way he thought America should be treated. You know you can't run a free society. If you have to hate everybody, you disagree with I mean sooner or later. If, if you've been married 45 years and both of you were thinking, you're gonna have a disagreement or two sooner or later, if you're in a business or a team or in a campaign and you're thinking, you're gonna have disagreements. He believed that he's to treat people and what you wanted to be treated and he believed if everybody accepted his broad endearing, inclusive definition of one America, where we respect our differences and think what we have in common matters more and we all live under the same set of rules, and we all believe that under those rules, those of us who have more than we need should do more to help those who don't have enough everything would work out. Okay, now that's what he believed and being friends. He was so proud that he could help resolve the personal spat between his Republican congressional friend and new member of the Democratic caucus, but he believed so here's what I want to leave you with Elijah spent his working life in Richard ition of Isaiah. He went again and again and again but I think in his lasting legacy to us. We should think again about the prophet Elijah. For this reason he was about to be killed for his ardent promotion of his faith. He hid in a cave either within or next to Mount Sinai. He received a message from God to go up and stand on top of the mountain and wait for the voice of God to speak to him. So look he's already fair to hurt pretty hard time just like at the end of Elijah's life he's already had a pretty hard time. You got to go through this too. So there's a lot just standing on the mountain and a huge wind came so strong. It roped the rocks of the mountain, but the Lord was not in the wind. Then an earthquake came shaking everything, but the Lord was not any earthquake in the fire, but the Lord was not in the fire and then what does the scripture say? A still small voice, Alijah by that point, had gotten rid of all the pomp all the circumstance, all the glory for the still small voice. I love this Lin I love every minute ever spent with him every conversation we ever had I loved his booming voice, but we should hear him now in the quiet times at night and in the morning when we need courage when we get discouraged- and we don't know if we can believe anymore- we should hear him, but our Elijah be for us what he himself heard. The still small voice it keeps us going keeps us grateful, keeps us happy and keeps us moving. Thank you.