A good evening, my name is bill, Murphy public information officer with the garlic incident. This is gonna, be our incident update for July 30th, as in previous updates, the chief smithy from Gilroy Police Department and deputy Special Agent in Charge Craig, fair from the FBI. We'll have some comments we'll follow that with an opportunity for some questions and again as we've provided updates continuously, we'll continue to provide updates as new information becomes available, but bear in mind. The emergency phase of the incident has passed and we're progressing through the investigative phase of the incident. So we appreciate the patience with that I'll turn it over to chief Smith for you, but I'll give you some additional stuff as far as updates on our investigation as of this afternoon, the investigation is obviously ongoing. It's going to be ongoing for quite a long time. I thought we are making some progress. For instance, today this afternoon we started a process to try to start getting vehicles back to people who had their vehicles within that crime scene area, and so, as they clear certain areas to the park and they make those vehicles available. There was a process where people were being reunited with the vehicles by getting escorted in. So that's a that's a positive for folks that have losses. I told you yesterday afternoon, at the press conference that you were executing a search warrant on the suspects car that we found parked just northeast of the park that has been completed and I know. Some of the reports included that this gentleman had purchased the weapon that was used in the shooting and he had also purchased the shotgun. So we knew that he was associated with those two weapons during the search warrant of the car. The shotgun that he had purchased was located, so we've now accounted for both of the weapons that we knew being purchased recently. Also I was asked a question yesterday regarding a bag ammunition or a bag in the creek, and yesterday we had a very large number of people from if the Santa Clara County search and rescue sheriff's deputies in the FBI that did a sweep of the creek very detail that sweeper the creek from one end to the other, as I can confirm that they have. They did locate a bag that had additional ammunition in it, I in the area when they were doing that. Sweep I want to talk a little bit about, because we keep mentioning that. We believe there may be a second subject involved. So we weren't sure what level that person person's involvement was. We have no indication that it was actually a shooter, but we had several people that thought that he was with another person I. That investigation into that piece of this has been a high priority for us, because we want to put the community in people's minds at ease as to whether or not there's actually another person out there that they meet you'd be worried about I. Our investigation is leading us more and more to believe that there was not a second person involved. I, don't think I could say that with absolute certainty at this point, because we're still following up leaves because people who say I saw this or I saw that we want to follow every single one of those leads all the way through. But we have been able to track his movements around town leading up to the incident, including multiple different stores and locations that he visited prior to engaging in this shooting incident and in every single one of those cases we've been able to retrieve video and he was by himself. He was not with anybody else, so that is sort of supporting the thought now that he acted on his own, but again I don't want to dissuade any witnesses or any people that saw things or have any information from continuing to come forward, because we don't want to rule that out as at least a possibility until we've exhausted every single link that is provided to us I think that that's really all the updates that I have for you I, you know, I I would continue to ask for the community's patience, because this is a long process. I. You know that crime scene area is acres and acres, and so I know it's inconvenient for some folks. I also want to encourage witnesses to continue to come forward to continue to visit the website that is set up for downloading photographs and video and any any information that somebody has no matter how irrelevant it may seem. It could potentially be very, very important, so we want to continue to encourage people to call in and I know, there's more people that I'm sure saw things that are watching this. Please please continue to do that and that's that's. What I have is your update for this afternoon. I I'm gonna turn it over. So we can get a little bit more of an update as to personal effects and the evidence collection process going up out at the park. Thank You chief good afternoon, my name is Craig, fair I'm, the deputy special agent charge of the FBI in San Francisco. We continue to provide assistance to the Gilroy Police Department in the city of Gilroy and the District Attorney's Office. Here we continue to try to understand who the shooter is, what motivated him and if he was aligned with any particular ideology. You hear me talk about ideology, that's important because, depending on how he might be aligned or not aligned, that has different legal and investigative implications and takes us down very fast again, depending on that ideology, we're still reviewing social media. We are doing forensic evaluation of digital media, we're continuing to conduct joint interviews with the Gilroy Police Department I want to talk a little bit about evidence response and where we are with that, we have a fairly sizable presence. As of today working the crime scene, working in the hospitals working at the coroner's office, we have roughly 40 evidence response personnel technicians working in the field. Doing three-dimensional, mapping of the crime scene working with the victims in the hospitals, working with medical staff and also working at the coroner's office, the crime scene itself, I, will tell you is going to take anywhere from three to five more days to process it's much more vast than we thought every day. We proceed a little further and make more progress realize it's going to take just a little bit longer, so I would ask everyone to be very patient with that. It's very very important us that we work as quickly as possible, but at the same time we have to be exceptionally deliberate, methodical, be exceptionally detail-oriented in the collection of that evidence, so that it could withstand the scrutiny of, for example, the trial later on effect. If that need be, I want to talk a little bit about personal affect. This is very important to us. There's a lot of personal effects on soon. We want to get that back to the public as soon as possible. For us, what that is going to require is going through in divining from the totality of items out there, what our personal effects and what our evidence, and as we determine certain items to be personal effects and have no evidentiary value that value. We will package that and we will bring that to the Family Assistance Center, which is located at rucker elementary school 325 santa clara avenue, and we expect that we will start doing that commencing that tomorrow there will be a public notice that is put out. If you go to the fbi.gov slash san francisco website, you will see a victim assistance application, so anyone who is at the event believes they left personal effects at the event, can go to our website and fill out a survey providing their name other contact informations and what they believe they left at the event itself. Again, as the chief mentioned photos and videos that would go to fbi.gov forward, slash Gilroy fbi.gov forward, slash Gilbert, that's all I have for now. Thank you right, we'll open it up for a few questions. No I, don't I, don't have a lot of specific details, but he went shopping at a number of storms in town. I I could not tell you what he was, but I don't have that little of detail what he was first saying, but you know most stores now have video, and so the investigators have been able to retrace Neal back and then going back from the time of the incident and they have him in several of our local stores. I, don't know that I'm really prepared to comment on that, because I don't have enough of the detail. It certainly seems to me that it was pre-planned, but how long, how widespread and whether there was any additional component of the plan. I just don't know at this point. So what about? If you are undocumented- and you want to share photos or videos to the law enforcement- and you are, you- know, worried about your personal information being shared later on, or you know, being anonymous as far as immigration status related to being a witness. You know: I tried to work very hard in our community to put our community of the ease about that. We don't ask somebody what their immigration status is. We're not really concerned about that. That's that's a federal function in your Police Department and we're investigating a crime and I certainly would hope. I think if you were to talk to anybody in our community here in Gilroy that we've worked with that they could tell you that we're good to work with and that they should not be concerned about that. We have. We had we've had a number of submissions for the video and still I have not seen them and I have not received the analysis of those just yet. We have no reason to believe at this point that he was targeting any protected characteristics of already class. Well. I think that that is gonna depend on a number of things. Principally. Review of digital media historically has been very revealing in terms of somebody's mindset, ideological beliefs, intentions, we've got to we've got to give it to the computers, the towers. The thumb drives the phone to get a holistic picture of of him who he was in touch with what sentiments and thoughts he shared with others or he's catalog for his own consumption. The answer to that is, it depends right. It depends on how quickly we can get into the phone. It also depends on how the ease with which we can enter into any of the other digital media. There is no early indication. I I can't comment on that, because I don't know the answer. The presumption is yes, I, initially know what you're asking but I don't have an informative answer to that. I do believe that it was only that initial three officers that engage the suspect when this occurred. You know I placed them on administrative leave. I just did not want to put them in a position of having to come back to work and and deal with all this I. You know I think it's a very emotional thing for them. It's one thing to be involved in the shooting, but then they were also in the middle of the carnage of the people that were shot and then immediately went into you know the rendering aid mode and those two things combined. I think for anybody is a very difficult thing to go through yeah. You know, as far as the release of video, that's a new California state law and we I had one Greek conversation about that this morning. I can I'm gonna have to really look into how we're gonna be able to meet that, because the volume I don't know what it is yet, but I'm assuming the volume of video, is going to be significant in the video that we released previously to California Public Records Act requests has required us to go through and read a fun involved parties out, I, quite frankly for a department, our size, I, don't know how we're going to do that. Yeah I have personally not seen any of the video I suspect that the video is going to give us. Yeah I believe the three officers that were involved with a fully uniformed officers. They were on one of the what we call a rogue team whose responsibility is to Rove a certain area at the park to deal with any issues that come up. No I I think I think it was more of the big box stores, but I, don't I, don't have a list I just heard that faith tracked them so I, don't I couldn't tell you what stores, but my impression was that it was local big-box store, I'm, sorry that they are all veteran officers in the question as far as releasing their name. You know, I probably will do that. I haven't decided when we would do that. I would really prefer to look after the best interest of those officers and get them the help that they need and then make that decision right. I would expect that we will release their news. There is no indication of that at this point in the I mean. Obviously that's something that I was concerned about that I thought about at this point: there's nothing in the investigation. That leads me to believe that that's the case but yeah. It's good question. Thanks Josh, the tool originated just subsequent to the Boston bombing because of the volume of videos and stills that came in we're talking, hundreds of thousands, so we needed a tool process that information that will go back to our FBI headquarters, where it will be co-located it'll, be analyzed by teams of analysts and agents back at our headquarters to try to pull together some of those a to give us an accurate appraisal of what might have happened. The time flow, the people flow show how the shooter came in and how Sarat crowd and provide other other records. Video documentation. I don't have that information, so I have not personally been out there. So I'm going based off of three things that I get I, but it sounds like the movement would have involved. His car was located northeast of the festival grounds, I mean it sounds, or it seems reasonable that what he did was moved up through that Creek, which is pretty heavily wooded, there's also running water. In it he made it down to a fence line because the entire festival grounds was fenced in except for they. He grassy points into the festival and then some used some tool. I, don't know what tool did cut a hole in the fence and that's how he gained access into the festival grounds they're hearing yesterday as far as well, the search warrant on Churchill I do not know. I haven't gotten the briefing of what they recovered from there and it's a car. The only thing that I was concerned about was the shotgun, which is what they gave me and so I don't know if there was anything else relevant to for them that was taken out of that either. As far as the victims, I I, don't have, a current status was given a status earlier and actually this morning that several people have been released, some people were still in the hospital and I I, don't know the number, but there was someone that was still in very serious condition, maybe more than anyone critical I, don't know. I do not know that. At this point, let me I want to close, because I need to get going, but just for the press for all of you, I've gotten requests from probably just about every news agency in the country. Or can you do this? Can you do an interview? Can you and and I want you all to know that I'm not not not doing those because I don't want to, but, as you can imagine, we have so many people and so many things going on that I'm being pulled in a lot of different directions, which is part of the reason why, when you ask me very detailed questions, I'm not at that level, I don't have that level of detail. We're doing so many different things I'm expecting over the next day or two or three that my role for that will start to decrease a little bit and I'm hoping to be able to free up some time and if I can free up some time, I'm going to try to start honoring some of those requests so that we can do more personalized interview with some of you. The shotgun was purchased also in Nevada and as far as the ideology and the accounts I'm not prepared to do that, because that's one source of information, but we have so many different sources of information and they don't all align. You know I I really don't know. I have heard that as a rumor I I can't confirm that, yet she doesn't be delete this I'm. Sorry, you need to leave I, do not hi. My understanding is that two of the victims Oh the suspects. Okay, I'm, sorry, yes, he was, he was killed at the scene. He was not transported. So, as the chief said and I mentioned at the beginning, our our goal is to get you information as quick as we can possibly get it to you and that's the next best conference with that said, it is scheduled for Thursday at the same time, at 4:00 p.m. same location. If anything occurs between now and the Thursday press conference, we will be sure to get that information out and we'll continue to have the media line available to you. Thank you all for coming. You.