We are going to be giving a briefing on the latest information regarding this tragedy. We'll take questions at the end in Spanish. First I want to thank the community for the understanding and their patience and the way they've responded to this terrible incident. We want to also recognize and thank the first responders for removing the bodies from the scene yesterday around 1500 around 3 o'clock. That was a priority for us as a priority for our mayor and our council. It was Prodi because the families and the dignity associated with getting the bodies removed was an extreme priority for our entire staff. Lastly, I think it's an item that may not I, don't think it's as important to some of the other things, but it's still something that we're paying attention to the parking lot and the and the evidence has to be gathered. Unfortunately, there will still be a few more days before we get information out and when people can go in and collect their their vehicles. I want introduce the mayor, DiMarco who's next he'll, be followed by chief Greg, Allen and then Mario D'agostino, and then we'll take questions at the end. Thank You Tommy, since this morning, I've been notified that two more lives have been lost. I think it's been publicized in my heart, my prayers. Our prayers go out to the families. Eight of the individuals who have lost their lives come from our sister state of Chihuahua Mexico. Well, boarders may separate us. Our grief transcends them, we're one region and we will honor every victim like they were. A member of our community. El Paso is a family and we must continue to stand united as our region. Heals I could not be more proud of our city from the offers for free funeral services to the lines to donate blood, to the overwhelming crowded vigils throughout the city. El Paso has shown that we are much stronger than Saturday's attack. I have issued a local disaster declaration. Yesterday, activating all available estate recovery efforts, various state and federal officials have contacted offering resources for our community. This was an act of domestic terrorism, fueled by hate, an evil individual I will not assist in promoting or embolden his agenda, nor any movement that he would be associated with our diversity is what makes us special. We are three states, two countries in one region and as I've been saying, there is no other city or region like El Paso claudus. Now let me cover one other item that you will ask about. President Trump called me yesterday. He was very gracious in the call you all know of my history with the President as I've defended El Paso. He was very gracious offered to help in any way he could, and it was a brief call and nothing nothing. Overly specific I made no request at that time. I said we're waiting to see what settles he's coming out here on Wednesday and I want to clarify for for the political spin that this is the office of the mayor of El Paso. In an official capacity welcoming the Office of the President of the United States, which I consider is my formal duty. I will ask President Trump to support our efforts with any and all federal resources that are available. Our recovery is no small task. Together. We will rise out of this tragedy and I'm here to ensure that we receive every state and federal resource that is available to us that we need I will continue to challenge any harmful and inaccurate statements made about El Paso. We will not allow anyone to portray El Paso in a manner that is not consistent with our history and values throughout our community. Bienvenidos is displayed for all our guests and visitors. It is a message that has defined our community for over 350 years. I will not allow this evil senseless act of violence to change what our community represents. I'd like to call on chief chief Allen good afternoon, everyone, my name's Greg Allen, El, Paso police chief last name, spelling al l en we just had an update from our investigation at the scene. We have list of the deceased and we'll be providing you with that. Later we have now 22 people confirmed, kill total number of Mexican citizens. At eight, we have 15 patients still in hospital, two of which are critical. Nine have been discharged. The number of total injured was raised by a number of 27, because one self admitted to the hospital and left on his own two of the 27 injured. One was an infant with broken bones and another sustained injuries trying to escape the scene, the breakdown of fatalities. As far as the deceased, we have one German, 13 US citizens, one undetermined in seven Mexican nationals. With that I'll ask you all to provide any questions that you have I'm. Sorry Mario. My name is Mario de Agostino, it's D! ' a gos, T I, you know I'm the fire chief here in El, Paso Texas I want to give a brief of how we've been handling the family reunification, the notifications. So we we set up early Saturday, a family reunification center. That's been operational since then around the clock, we'll be transitioning the next day to a Family Assistance Center. That Center will be open for the next 10 to 12 days before we do our final transition that final transition and take us into an alarm. A long-term recovery it'll be the El Paso strong, resiliency Center, and it will be open as long as we need it to be open for our community. We encourage any of the public any of those involved. Anyone who needs any help to call to get that help they need. First, don't let time out the health issues build up on you, don't let the the thoughts, everything that's concerning you, don't let it get you get to you reach out. We have a number seven, seven, nine 1800 that will get you the help you need locally and there's no charge to that service. Thank you. I tried to preempt your question with my remarks. I represent the office of the mayor of El Paso Texas. This is not a political visit as he had before, which I did not visit with him, but I was noted from the podium as I recall and, and he is the president United States. So, in that capacity, I will fulfill my obligations as mayor of El Paso to meet with the president and discuss whatever our needs are in this community and hope that if we are expressing specifics that we can get him to come through for us I'm already getting the emails and the phone calls and that's why I'm saying what I'm saying now I would appreciate it. People would save their time and not necessarily have to send yes I understand, but we're not dealing with that right. Now. We're dealing with the tragedy of 22 people who have perished by an evil hateful act of a white supremist supremacist that has no bearing or belong in El Paso. It was not done by an El, Paso noel past. One would ever do this and I can't I, don't know how we deal with evil. I don't have a textbook for dealing with evil other than the Bible I'm. Sorry we're going to go through this, but he, but the president is coming out and I will meet with the president and I guess for people who have lots of time on their hands I'll deal with their emails and their phone calls. I can't go into those details right now. That would be too revealing of the investigation. That's still ongoing. Right now we haven't even cleaned of fully cleared the crime scene. They were still gathering evidence at that particular location, I'm. Sorry, it was bought in near his hometown in Allen, Texas I. Don't have the exact details of that right now. You know the weapon was purchased legally. It's a 7.62 caliber weapon that could be two varieties of weapons 7.62 by 51, which is a NATO round 7.62 by 39, would be Russia Russian, Kalashnikov caliber the what well you'll have to contact our PA well, our PIOs will provide that information, but they'll have to clear with the investigative unit right now to see. If that's permissible right now, he has no bond he's under a charge of capital murder in general that that determination is clear by the district attorney's office. They work with the investigators to come up with the appropriate charge. If that's the case, then it was approved by the district attorney from the police department perspective we're doing. Okay, we have the employee assistance programs available. Eh n is also assisting with that and I'll. Let the fire department comment on that side. Yes, thank you. The fire department we have. We did set up debriefing teams instantly immediately following the scene. We do have eh EAP assisting them as well. We do have our international firefighters they're coming on scene next week, they'll be doing debriefing going station to station talking to them. Seeing if there's any effects, we've had all the positive communications with them, and we are monitoring like I- can give you a general. He took about 10 to 11 hours, traveling for mallet Texas to a Paso as soon as he got here, he was lost in a neighborhood, after that he found his way to the Walmart, because we understand he's hungry and that's about as far as I can go without getting into too much detail. Was he cooperating? Yes, he cooperated from the beginning. None of this had to be anyway course from me, more threats or anything like that. He volunteered most of the evidence that we were able to utilize at this time. No, he I can't make comment on that directly again. That's part of the investigation, that's a good question, because I see it's eight on one of my faculty list here, but I've got seven on the list. Will people writing to you so right now it looks like seven confirmed from the list with the deceased. Actually all that I'm. Sorry, no not to the investigators I. Ask that question again this morning. Right now. He basically appears to be in the state of shock and confusion. I'm! Sorry, we don't know that right now, I'm, sorry with Jim I, repeat know that we haven't ascertain that right now, that's what we suspect he did right now. Thank you.