Morning, all we're just coming out of a meeting discussing this terrible terrible incident which took place last night in town of Ramapo. You want to thank the governor for his leadership and always doing the right thing in the right time came down this morning. Standing with us supporting us and the governor will share with us. Some present was the present and future plans. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I want to thank mr. Spitzer for his leadership. I want to thank the members of law enforcement, who were here chief of Ramapo police, the sheriff Falco, who you'll hear from in a moment the State Police are here: law enforcement did a great job last night and I want to thank them very much. The local officials who were here the community liaison people who are here it's a very sad situation. Obviously it's also very disturbing I visited with the rabbi this morning when he talks about what happened. It's even more frightening than the report you read in the newspaper or saw on the television and inexplicable no warning. Nothing said just hate, just hate and violence. That's all it was now I would like to say that I wish I could say that this was an isolated situation. Unfortunately, it's not. We've had 13 acts of anti-semitism since December 8th in New, York, State I'd like to say it's, it's only those 13, but the truth is we've had incidents of hate all across the state against the LGBTQ community is the african-american community, the Latino community, and it's not just about New York State. This is a national phenomenon that we are seeing and it's frightening and it's disturbing if anyone thinks that something poisonous is not going on in this country, then they're in in denial. Frankly, how many incidents do you have to see from from coast-to-coast hostility based on religion based on race based on creed, but based on immigration status? It's all across the country. It is an American cancer that is spreading in the body politic. An American cancer turns one cell in the body against the other. Once we become intolerant of differences, then we are intolerant with America, because America is all about differences. We are all from someplace else and we were founded on the premise of tolerance for the differences. These acts are intolerant, they're, ignorant to attack the Jewish community. The nation is based on freedom of religion, George Washington celebrated with the Jewish community. That's what America is all about: ignorance, intolerance and it's also illegal and for government. The question is: what are you going to do to stop it and how are you going to protect us? Thirteen incidents against the Jewish community nationwide scourge of hostility, other incidents in this state attacked the ignorance, attacked the intolerance, education, cultural awareness, but attack the illegality? Yes, it's ignorant yes, its intolerant, it's also illegal and we will enforce the law we're going to have an increased police presence. We have the toughest hate crimes, law of laws in the United States of America, and we are going to enforce them to the full extent of the law. I also believe the situation has gotten so bad frankly that we have to increase our legal enforcement, not just with more police, but we have to change the laws to call this. What it is. This is terrorism. It is domestic terrorism. These are people who intend to create mass harm. Mass violence generate fear based on race, color creed. That is the definition of terrorism, and just because they don't come from another country doesn't mean that they're, not terrorists, and they should be prosecuted as domestic terrorists, because that's what they are and I want this state to be the first state to have a domestic terrorism law to express how ignorant this is, how intolerant it is and how criminal it is and I'll be proposing that law for this state New York, is all about diversity. New York is all about tolerance, we're 19 million people from all across the globe. We're not going to allow this poison to spread throughout our state, because it is a poison and no one else can defeat this country, but this country can defeat itself. It has to stop. Government must take the lead and New York State will with that. Let me turn it over to sheriff Falco, who has been doing an extraordinary job, and it's my pleasure to be with him today. Thank You, Louis, yes, I, want to start off by saying. Got a call as soon as the incident happened from chief Brad white Delta, the Ramapo Police Department. He personally responded to the scene. I take my hat off to him and the Ramapo Police Department. Shortly thereafter, all police agencies that were requested for assistance, the Sheriff's Office, the New York State Police, the Clarkstown Police Department, the FBI, the JTTF everybody was on hand. I want to thank that. We thank God that we have the technology that we have the plate, readers that helped us apprehend this person. My hats off to the NYPD and I, received a call, while the chief was doing some briefings from Commissioner Miller of the New York City Police Department. What did we need? What do we? What do you need- and he was all over it and I- want to thank the NYPD for helping the Ramapo Police Department, the Sheriff's Office and the people of the county of Rockland. The governor touched on a few things and you know I didn't make any bones about it. When I said to him, you know we had these new criminal justice reforms and part of the criminal justice reforms. There's hate crimes where there's no bail, I honestly believe that our our legislature needs to go back and start looking at some of these things. I think reforms are good, but I do think some of them have to be looked at to go even further where he wants to go with his domestic terrorism stuff. You know we become complacent throughout the United States of America. You know just a year and a half ago, two years ago, Pittsburgh happened. Nobody thinks it can happen in your hometown. Nobody thinks it can happen in your home county or your city or people. It happened and it happened here and we have over 90,000 people of Jewish faith that live in Rockland County. So it's a major concern as well as our schools. We are assisting the State Police out, checking all houses of worship which we do every year as a pattern, but we have to go one step further. We have to put in folk new technologies and move the says forward. So I say that we hope that this was the first time it happened in Rockland, and now we will do our best with the State Police and the local political leaders and state government and our governor to try to make sure it's the last time that it happens in Rockland. So I want to thank you and at this time, I'll turn it over to supervisor Mike speck. There's a list of municipalities throughout the United States that share a single, tragic common bond to the list of places that include Pittsburgh coal, a Jersey City. We now said they have to add the town of Ramapo I was shocked when I received a call last night about a stabbing near a house of worship. But part of me was not shocked as the governor and, as the sheriff have said, this is a problem. That's been a long time brewing within our community and within the state and within the country, and it has to be fixed. It has to be solved. I want to commend Governor Cuomo for being here for strong words of support and being here to support our community. At this time of sorrow and tragedy, I want to especially bring up chief Brad white Dell. With me, our police chief commend the panorama Police Department for their outstanding work, along with all the law enforcement agencies. Last night that participated due to the coordinated efforts of the town police, the police from neighboring towns, the Sheriff's Office, the New York State Police, the New York City, Police Department. The suspect in this case was apprehended very soon and I want to also thank and commend the first responders from the ambulance course and the emergency services who came treated the victims and fermented this from becoming an even greater tragedy within the town. We are going to take measures to hopefully prevent or make it harder for these incidents to occur in the future. We are going to look to obtain license plate readers to make sure that our interest is and exits out of the town or monitored so that, as has happened last night, when an event like this occurs, a suspect could be apprehended as soon as possible. The this will be worked upon in the next few days within the town. So again, I'd like to thank law enforcement, the first responders, the sheriff and the governor for being here. Thank you and I'll turn this over now to Steve Gould from the Jewish foundation. Thank you, Steve hi. My name is Steve Gould I'm co-president of the Jewish Federation and foundation of Rockland County. As I mentioned 82, the governor, my parents were Holocaust survivors and growing up. My father made me promise him that I'll do whatever I can to make sure it never happens again. Today, I can say: I failed. My father I think the Rockland County has failed. My father and every Holocaust survivor and the United States of America has failed my parents and all Holocaust survivors. This cannot continue I'm, confident that the governor is going to work on some rules and laws to help this and and that we don't have to do this. I mean this is the festival of Hanukkah. Last night I lit my seventh candle and when I lit the candle I said I hope, there's not gonna, be another anti-semitic incident, the way they were with the prior six days. Unfortunately, that wish didn't happen. I want to thank law enforcement, all the first responders, the governor's office, the anti-defamation league for the quick response- and you know, Federation of Rockland- is going to be out there, and we also have to make sure that if you see something say something, thank you Thank You. Mr. gold brings to mind. There is a quote at the Holocaust Museum in Israel. That says to the effect. A country is not just what it does. It is what it taught, and that is a haunting quote for us in this country and I. Think our United message today is: we will not tolerate anti-semitism, not just in our words but in our actions and government. Job is to protect people, and this state government will protect people of the Jewish faith and every other religion in this state. Any questions for myself or any of our colleagues, which chief, would you like there's many chiefs here. A few Indians I will be able to provide his information to you after the press conference, his his name, his date of birth, he's currently being held at our police headquarters. He will be arraigned at some point later today and he will be facing five counts of attempted murder and one count of burglary and first-degree he's from Greenwood Lake New York, Orange, County I, don't have anything to share other than that. At this point we have an active investigation, we're working with multiple partners. My preference at this point would be to let that investigation continue to proceed without the further comment. That would be speculation as to why that house was targeted as a as opposed to another location. That's accurate! That information was relayed to us by a witness and we immediately plugged that information into the system, as the governor referred to and we're very fortunate that my PD was all over this right away and by putting that played into the LPR system, we got hits as the vehicle went into the city and we were fortunate to have an apprehension occur down in the 32nd precinct as a result of the LPR data. It was critical to the case prior to the press conference I'm aware that there are two still hospitalized as far as their exact condition. I, don't have that with me right now, but there were I, don't know what the exact status is. What is critical or serious? Okay! Thank you I'm. Sorry, no there's, no information, nothing like okay! Thank you all very much. Thank you.