The first speaker for this afternoon's press conference is police chief of the city of Gilroy, Scott smithy, so I have a few updates for you in addition to what I've, given the last two press conferences. The first is that you know the different teams working the crime scene and developing leads the suspect vehicle. You know through the different teams working the crime scene and developing leads. We have located the suspect vehicle that was used to drive out near the festival. We have obtained a search warrant for that vehicle in there in the process of serving that warrant. Now, all right, so I don't have a update on what is in the vehicle, because that hasn't actually happened yet, but that will be happening shortly. We also obtained a search warrant for a residence in the city of Gilroy. It was associated to our suspect. I in that search warrant was served today. I can again I, don't have any details on anything that came out of the search warrant, but that has now occurred. You know I wanted to address. There was a young man that thought it would be a good idea to post on social media that he just shot up that G Fest and so we've received a lot of calls from people and emails and concerns that you know this is an Associated suspect to the Garlic Festival shooting and this young man. His name is chase Hollow he's 20 years old, but on his postings he lists his name is chase M killings. Obviously that got our attention. So we have located him. We have taken him into custody and we've determined that he was not involved in the shooting that he just thought. It would be a fun way to get some attention, apparently alright, so for people they're sending that in or at scene that we have followed that lead through and determined that that is not associated with this event, we also have our District Attorney's, Office and other agencies are working together to open up a Family, Assistance Center to help victims and people affected by this shooting and I just wanted to reiterate that, even though I know that went out as a press release the DA's office, Victim Services Unit, the American Red Cross in the county's behavioral health services are opening a Family Assistance Center, starting at five o'clock. This afternoon, it'll be at the record elementary school in Gilroy. Recker elementary school is at 325 Santa Clara Avenue in Gilroy, California, nine, five zero to zero the services that they will be providing at that Center would include grief, counseling and emotional support assistance, filing claims for state funds for payments of medical bills, counseling bills and other assistance for victims and their families, and referrals to agencies for providers for medical services, counseling and others, and they're gonna open up today at 5:00 they'll. Be open from 5:00 this afternoon till 10:00 this evening and then they'll be opened for the remainder of the week through Friday 9 a.m. to 10 p.m. and there will reassess times in need at that point time and issue additional hours as needed. And lastly, you know we gotten this assistance from all these different agencies and Sheriff. Laurie Smith is here with me today and obviously this is her County Santa, Clara County and her agency and her staff has been providing support. They were some of the first responders on scene and whenever we deal with something like that, you know we have a mutual aid process and, of course, we reached out and made that formal mutual aid request in the Sheriff's Office has been really instrumental in helping us get those resources that we need to continue to investigate this case. So we very much appreciate that and I'm going to turn it over and get another update from the FBI. With regards to the process, that's going on on it: Christmas Hill, Park, Thank, You chief, my name is Craig Farah I'm, the deputy special agent charge of the San Fransisco division of the FBI I, like to thank everybody public for your patience as we vary systematically methodically and deliberately process an extensive and complex crime scene, which will take several more days to complete this afternoon. I want to provide you with updates on two issues: one the assistance that we are seeking from the public and to the efforts of our Victim Services program and what you can expect from the FBI and the District Attorney's Office over the course of the next several days terms of investigative publicity, we're asking for the public for any information you might have on the shooting. Any tips should be called as a Gilroy Police Department at four. Oh eight, eight, four, six, zero, five, eight three! If you have any photos or videos, we have launched a website for you to send those media files that is WWE fbi.gov forward, slash Gilroy, that's WWF, bi gov forward, slash Gilroy! If you have any photos or videos, you want to share with law enforcement finally want to share with you, but the FBI is working with your local DA's office on victims, assistance and providing assistance to those affected by this tragedy. The FBI victim service division and our evidence response team will be working with the DA's office to collect and return personal effects that are not considered to be of evidentiary value and have not been entered into the chain. This process will take time and I'm asking please for patience. While we identify itemized co-locate those items, so they can be repatriated with the owners and the families. I will provide you with updates on that process, as well as additional Victim Services. As that information becomes available. Thank you. We will now take a few questions. Ballistics of the suspects gun match the bullets and the people who died, so that will be part of the investigative process there will be as in most cases of forensic evaluation, but that determination has yet to be made. Your gun is still collected as evidence and it's on-site. We have not taken any steps towards that. Forensic evaluation at this point, I have not heard that in any of the briefings that I've attended thus far I have not that that's news to me. I have not heard that. As to the second suspect, we have not made any progress other than what I gave this morning, we're no closer to determining whether there was or was not a second suspect, and if there was what involvement they may have had. I. Don't have that available in front of me I'm sorry that would be correct. I have not I have not had a briefing yet on the outcome of that search warrant or any relevant information that may have come out of it. We are currently. We are currently undertaking social media scrubs, as well as assessing information, that's derived from other interviews and investigative techniques that we've deployed over the past 24 hours. So there's a lot of different agencies involved and I'm not familiar with a search warrant that was served in Nevada and I've, heard a couple of different versions of the events as to whether he was living in Nevada still or whether he had moved back to California and I. Don't have confirmation on which of those is the actual story at this point. Well, you know, I think that motive is important. I think everybody wants to know why the answer why I and you know, if there's any affiliation with other people or groups of people that could potentially pose a threat in the future, I think that all plays into why that would be important to understand. I can't answer that I have not had contact with them. We are conducting some of the interviews in conjunction with with the police department. I can't comment on the results of those interviews. At this point investigation. It's still very early. I can't comment on that right now. Events like this are occurring across the country every weekend and it's up to those events, events coordinators, to determine the extent to which they want to employ security features. This event was completely fenced in police officers, as well as FBI agents were on scene. When the shooting occurred there was patrols actively moving throughout the crowd at the time of the shooting. As a result of that, that subject was neutralized within a very very short period of time. I can only speak to him having a Facebook account, which was recently opened. I can't confirm that sorry, so Robert op around the resident agent charged at the San Jose field office for ATF I, can tell you. The the weapon that was recovered was a ak-47 variant. That is a it's. A it's based on the original ak-47 was imported, so that's I cannot give you the specific model or anything like that. Nothing worth that would be a California law question that I'd have to Drake your California Department justice. For that, just how random were the targets, this gunman, the shitty, or did he aim at specific? That's something I! Don't know at this point, the descriptions that have been given to me it appeared is that though it was random, but I think we're still too early in the investigation to be able to say that definitively a large number of minorities and people that are in the hospital right now we are we're compiling a list today of all the different victims and all the different locations. I do not have that list yet I once we're able to look at that list, I think and we could draw conclusions from that. Well, you know, anytime, you put on a large event with a lot of people, you're always concerned, which is why we try to run a very tight closed event. Where there's you know, control to access, and so do we think about it, and do we think about how we would respond if something were to happen, I would say the answer is yes, I, don't know, I, don't know that either I'm. Sorry, ladies and gentlemen, that it will be the end of this press conference. I, don't have any information on that I'm. Sorry back back, was it backpack found with him? I, don't believe what was that? Okay at this point, we don't have any information about a backpack. It was a little bit north east of the park off of Laurel Drive Laurel right. We are finished with this press conference for this afternoon. I apologize, the chief is the place he needs to go. It will be approximately 24 hours from now tomorrow afternoon. No, there will be one tomorrow afternoon, like I said: I will be relieved, captain Murphy will be taking over and yes, he will be putting out information, as is appropriate after people move out. I will feel questions from the spanish-speaking media, so we don't have conflicting camera activity.