Okay good afternoon, everyone I wanted to just give a couple of updates that we have and then we'll have some more detailed updates about the investigation. We have received several media inquiries to attend our National Night Out event. To make it easier for you to join us. We have arranged for an RTA bus to transport interested media to the multiple neighborhood sites in tonight's program. The bus will be at the convention center at 4:15 and depart around 4:30 I asked if you're going to National Night Out to use this because I don't want our neighborhoods to have a ton of cars moving in out we're trying to just be as succinct as possible, I'll be on National Night Out. Do you feel? Are you going yeah, so we're all yeah we're all going and we'll be? It will be on a bus as well. So that's that's our offer to you. Alright, next I'm going to turn it over to chief bill to provide an update on the investigation, Thank You mayor I'm joined this afternoon with Todd wicker ahem, this special agent-in-charge for the Cincinnati FBI office. We provide a brief but important update on progress, investigation of the mass shooting that occurred in the city of Dayton on August 4th. While we do not have true clarity of motive of the assailant based upon evidence obtained, we do have a more developed picture of the evolving mindset of the assailant materials reviewed, thus far revealed that the individual had a history of obsession with violent ideations to include mass shootings and had expressed a desire to commit a mass shooting. Subsequent material has revealed an orientation toward violent ideologies which elevate this case to one a federal interest. Thus, the FBI will be taking the central role in certain aspects of this case, while the Dayton Police Department continues to focus on the homicide investigation. So I now I asked agent wicker Hamm to provide more information about this. An investigative focus, however, I, will clarify that the information provided will be very limited and not likely to be a span expanded upon what is already being shared agent, so uh Thank, You, mayor Thank, You chief, my name is Todd wicker ham on the Special Agent in Charge for the FBI Cincinnati field office. So the Dayton police and the FBI have a long history of working together side by side in this community, including very, very important Joint Terrorism Task Force assignments that they Denise officers have as well as our safe streets task force. So working together is nothing new for us. An FBI agent showed up in the early morning hours in the Oregon district after this horrific mass attack. So our investigation with Dayton police is ongoing. We have not made any final investigative conclusions into the motive of the shooter or, if he was assisted by any other people in this attack. However, we have uncovered evidence throughout the course of our investigation, that the shooter was exploring violent ideologies and based upon this evidence, we're initiating an FBI investigation side by side with the Dayton police homicide investigation to make sure we get to the bottom, and we explore everything and we ought to try to understand the best. We can why this horrific attack happened. So as we continue to conduct this investigation, we're striving to do three things: what to figure out three things: what if any ideology influenced the attacker to conduct this attack? Who, if anyone, helped him or had any advance and knowledge of his intentions, to conduct this attack and why he committed this specific act of violence? One piece of evidence does not necessarily constitute a motive, hence the need for a thorough, methodical investigation. The case is ongoing, so we cannot provide any detailed information into our investigative activities at this time. It's absolutely critical that we do this investigation. The right way this community and our country deserves an answer as to why this happened. So we ask anybody with additional information regarding this of to provide that information to the FBI tip line. It's a tip line, that's available 24/7 for somebody to give information that tip line is 1-800. If you call there and ask to give information about the data date and shooting somebody will take that information and provide up both of the Dayton Police Department into the FBI there's another outlet in which people can provide any type of digital evidence that they may have collected, whether on that night or any social media evidence that they may feel is relevant to why this attack happened and that can be provided at WWF bi, govt, govt, backslash Dayton. Shooting I also want to thank all the organizations in this community that have stepped up to help the grieving process and the healing process begins here in Dayton. I'll. Take a couple questions, so I'm not going to get into specifics as what we found because we're so early in this investigation. There are so much more material to go through and evidence to obtain in this investigation, but we have found very specific, violent ideologies that the shooter we know followed and was interested in. So that has given us enough information to open up an FBI investigation to make sure we have every single tool every investigative capability to figure out why this happened and to try to make sure it doesn't happen again. So anybody that wants to to do violence that is part of what has to be shown to investigate a federal investigation of this type and so yeah. So we have found very specific one thing I'll point out that we have not found any indication that it's a racial motivation. That is not the any. We have not found that anything that indicates that it's a racial motivation at this time. I'm, not you know again, we have a lot to go through so, but different violent ideologies will cause in this investigation to be initiated, and we have found evidence of a violent ideology, but I'm not going to I'm not going to get I'm not get into the get into the specifics. We did not discover an office computer, we're still going through lots of digital evidence, but I'm not going to tell you exactly where we found this, because we still have a lot more to go through agent. Did he specifically target his sister? We don't. We do not have that information at this time. We don't know so what we? What we've saw on this is this individual, the shooter, the attacker in this case, very specifically seeking out information that promotes violence. We are going back as far as we need to to find try to find out why he did this and also, if anybody else knew about this or was involved with this. We don't know at this time. Did the Advanta see I, don't have that information at this time, I'm not going to get any more specifics about what we do or what we do not know did the events in El Paso's affect the timeline of this at all. We have not seen any evidence that the events in El Paso influenced him at this point again we have lots of evidence to go through No. We have no evidence that the shooter was on the FBI's radar prior to this event. Thank you. Thank you special agent next I'm, going to invite assistant chief Matt Carper to the podium to discuss the President of the United States. This visit tomorrow, Thank You, mayor I, know, there's been a lot of interest in in a potential visit from the president into the Miami Valley area. Tomorrow we don't have the specifics yet as soon as we can get more additional information as it unfolds we'll release what we're able to release to the public I know any closures or inconveniences interruptions would be minimal. So we do understand that so we'll share more information as it becomes available and as we're able to that's all I'm able to offer right now, I'm sorry I'll be able to give you more information, as as the details are confirmed, I'm not aware of any of any organized protests tomorrow with with any presidential visit or motorcade going back decades. That is the case. We are always ready for any kind of dignitary protection assignment. Like I said going back decades, we've provided those and and sometimes multiple occasions per year. So yes, that is correct. We are ready. Thank you. You said that he wasn't influenced by events. I didn't say that no I said we don't have not developed any evidence at this point that says that he's influenced by El Paso. We still have a lot of evidence to go through so I'm, not going to say anything else about that. I think we've discussed everything we're going to discuss about the investigation. So are there any other questions? No, we have not I, don't know that. That's clear I mean we just we don't have any specific information to really understand that this time we just know what happened. You know actually I've been a little too busy to read the gun first proposal so until I have a chance to the region, evaluate it. I really can't comment. Well, you were you were all there, so I I don't need to I, don't want to keep on going, but you know I, don't know what you're really asking it frankly. Actually, oh yeah, yeah I will welcome in and the official capacity as mayor since he is in the office of the President. We're not gonna get any through the evidence that was seized in that search. For me, that's all part of the investigation and we haven't a chance to even evaluate someone at this point. So we're done talking about the investigation, so I think we're done with questions today. We appreciate and I'll see some of you a national night out. Thank you.