Good morning and thank you very much for coming to Toronto Police Headquarters today, I'd like to introduce you the officer in charge of homicide squad inspector Hank, it's Inga who will be updating us on the death investigation of honey and Barry Sherman Thank You Victor. Thank you. Everyone for being here two years ago on December 2, the 13th 2017, Barry and honey Sherman were murdered in their home. The police investigation has been, and continues to be, active and ongoing. The work of the private investigative team hired by the family at the outset has been completed. The Sherman family appreciates the hard work and dedication of the police officers working on this case. They are committed to working with us and have full confidence that the Toronto Police Service will solve this crime. To date, investigators have obtained 38 judicial authorizations, which have resulted in the searches of residential and commercial properties, electronic devices and the production of 73 individual Records 150 items have been submitted to the center of Forensic Sciences for testing. 243 Witnesses have been interviewed for terabytes of security. Video has been obtained, 205 tips have been provided directly to the police from the public. 343 tips have been provided so far to the police via the private investigative team. 701 investigative actions have been assigned, but we are still asking for help. The family and the police urge anyone who has reliable information regarding the murders, no matter how small or unimportant that information may seem to please contact the police through their usual channels, either anonymously through Crimestoppers at four one, six, two two two tips or directly to the homicide squad. Four one: six, eight zero, eight 7400. We have also set up a direct email address for this case and tips can be provided via Sherman tips at Toronto, Police dot, o NCA. This email address will only be accessed by police investigators directly assigned to the Sherman investigation. I would encourage anyone who has provided tips in the past to the private investigative team, to please resubmit those tips directly to the police. Last October, the Sherman family established a collaborative reward program to assist the police in their investigation, should any tip or information lead to the arrest and conviction of the person or persons responsible who perpetrated the murders. The Sherman family in consultation with the Toronto Police Service, will be responsible for the dissemination of any reward money. It is important to note that Crimestoppers is an anonymous reporting mechanism. It is preferable under circumstances such as these to report any tips or information directly to investigators. The Sherman family would also like to thank the public and the media for their continuing support during this difficult time. They request that their privacy be respected. Accordingly, they will not be answering any questions at this time. I would like to thank the Sherman family for their continued support and patience during this very lengthy investigation. Solving this case has always been the priority and responsibility of the Toronto Police Service, and our thoughts are always with the victims and their loved one, given that this is still a very active investigation. There's little by way of investigative details that I am willing to discuss. I will try to answer any other relevant questions. It does absolutely caused me concern. As you well know, Steve we don't operate on speculation or theories. We operate on evidence and I've said in other investigations and I'll say this in this investigation. If you don't hear from the primary investigators mouth or the major case managers mouth then you've got to take everything with a grain of salt and I, can't imagine how disturbing it must be for the family and and loved ones of these victims to continually read about speculation in the media. So I understand there's a job to be done, but it does make it very difficult for them again. I can't get into what the evidence is telling us there. There are a lot of theories there are. There is a lot of speculation. I just can't get into that right now. Now that that's, why do you need those people to do some instance I believe it was 343 tips and I want to be sure that we have all of the tips that were provided in the past, so I want to encourage people. If you have have submitted that information, please do resubmit it to us so that we can go through all of that information. Okay, that's between the Sherman family and and that investigative team I'm not going to speculate on any communication between them. That's the information I've been provided by the Sherman family. This is the issue here. Why we're here today, I believe that tip line is now offline and that's why I'm providing this alternative for people to pass their information on to us again. I, don't want to get into what's been going on between the Sherman family and that private investigator we're improving again III. Don't want speculate on that. We have received a lot of information from them. We are still going through a lot of that information and we'll see where it brings us. Sorry say that again it has been 2 years, but that's that's not unusual, especially in an investigation such as this we've had we've had some high-profile investigations in the past that have taken I, believe the Glenn Davis case was two and a half. Almost three years before that case was broken. I've had murder cases where I've made an arrest four years after the fact, and as we know, we have a cold-case squad that can make arrests and close cases decades afterwards. I, don't think this case is going to fall into that category, but it there is a lot of material that has to be gone through before we get to a conclusion. No no, the Sherman's have been have been terrific, with us, they've been very cooperative and especially under the circumstances that they're dealing with I applaud them very heartily. For that, I refer to the Glenn Davis case. Only to put things into perspective, timeline-wise Glen Davis case I was working homicide when that occurred, I believe it was 2007. It took a year and a half before the information started really rolling in and then another year after that, before arrests were made so I'm not drawing any parallels other than timelines. To that case, I think I've I've already said: there's lots of speculation and there's lots of theories, so we're still combing through a lot of information. So again it refers to what you're discussing as what happened in the case. That can go in different directions: yeah I'm and you know- I've talked about it before Steve I'm, very loath to call the case a cold case or III definitely won't say a case has ever closed even after conviction and upon appeal cases are always open. We're always open to new information coming in to help with those cases and unsolved cases are still poised actively being worked on, we're still always actively looking for more information. Well, that's a that's a tough question to answer. It really is depending on what information comes in and what evidence comes in if we have to expand and involve other off officers from other units from other services. That's exactly what we do. So it's a it's a changing number literally day by day. No, the family is still offering. The family was behind that 10 million dollar reward the estates of the schurmans. That reward is still outstanding and all we're doing now is moving the responsibility for collecting the information back to the Police Service, where it should belong and at the end of the day, it's still the schurmans responsibility to decide what they want to do with that tip and you're. What would you say the most challenging the sheer volume of information is overwhelming and trying to gather all of that information we really in in a lot of murder. Investigations were the gatherers of the information, and then we have to go through it all and decipher it and see. What's information versus evidence and there's there's just a massive volume of information. Relation for relation to this case. I'm not going to comment about that at all. Sorry, again, I'm not gonna, comment about that at all. It's a it's, a very unique situation. We've seen private investigators doing some overlapping work in cases in the past, but not a dedicated team like we've dealt with in this case and there's been some sharing of information, but at the end of the days the Toronto Police Service that has to resolve this investigation and has to present this investigation and the evidence in court. So we'll take whatever information we can get to further that I. Don't think I'd go down that road. Sorry forward investigations having the tips come directly to us and avoiding that any delay in receiving that information is going to be huge for us. So I anticipate the next several weeks, we're going to be very, very busy going through a lot of information. No, no. Our investigation is carried on just as it should have carried on and we've made some progress and we will continue to carry on again. That's a question for the Sherman family. Can you elaborate a little bit more on just how much of that occurred and how much how much of a hindrance was it? Is it all about certain tips, perhaps going to the privates? Well, we've always said that the tip should be coming to us and there's Benson over overlap between the tips we've received and the tips of private investigative team received and we'd, like those tips directly to us and avoid those time delays and avoid that any potential editing of the tips or continuity of the information. So I think this will be a great help to us and I wouldn't characterize them going to the private investigative team as a hindrance. But this is certainly more beneficial for our purposes. We've been getting a lot of great information from a lot of different sources and, like I, said, I anticipate we're going to be getting a lot more information. But that's what we're here to do we're here to in take that information and work with it and decipher it and and follow up with that information. So paulla, as you know, no investigation was perfect. I'll never make that claim, but I will say that the homicide squad from the Toronto Police Service were present at the scene, the night that the the victims were found and I've been working on it diligently ever since so we're in daily communication with members of the Sherman family and have a very good relationship with them right now, I would call it a targeted murder. Yes, definitely! Okay! Thank you. Thank you very much. That concludes today's conference.