Good afternoon, thank you all for coming. I am corporal Julie Kragh Shan media relations officer with the Manitoba RCMP assistant commissioner Jane McClatchy, commanding officer how the Manitoba RCMP is here to provide a significant update regarding the search for the BC suspects in the Gilliam area. As the investigation is ongoing, she will only be able to answer limited questions after providing the statement in both English and French. Merci de votre pays ancestry like capital, Judy, coal, Shane, John, Titor -. You know, avec de media, the Kami said as right: Jane McClatchy command, ontology, LCG, Manitoba TC, put full neared in message or impotent, so the operación de - encore put through way. They see spare that I : be tightening down the sector, - Gilliam eat and Ronnie Kalen ket, and our s air, uncool, l, paratha, pondrá, acetone, casino, Sigma, a player avoid phony declared a CEO on Anglia II of France, a Assistant Commissioner McClatchy good afternoon. Over the last two weeks. Our officers have worked tirelessly to find the suspects wanted in connection to the homicides in British Columbia. Well, there were no confirmed sightings since July 22nd. We never gave up in our search efforts following up on every lead, considering all options and using every available resource. We knew that we needed just to find that one piece of evidence that could move this search forward on Friday August, 2nd that one critical piece of evidence was found. Items directly linked to the suspects were located on the shoreline of the Nelson River. Following this discovery, we were at last able to narrow down the search we immediately sent and specialized our CMP teams to begin searching nearby high probability areas this morning at approximately 10:00 a.m. RCMP officers located two male bodies in the dense brush within one kilometer, from where the items were found. This is approximately eight kilometers from where the burnt vehicle was located at this time. We believe these are the bodies of the two suspects wanted in connection with the homicides in British Columbia. An autopsy is being scheduled in Winnipeg to confirm their identities and to determine their cause of death to the families of everyone affected by the series of events over the last few weeks. I know it has been so very difficult and I hope. Today's announcement can begin to bring some closure I want to thank the communities and the leadership of gilliam Fox Lake Cree Nation Ilford, War, Lake, First, Nation and York Landing. Your lives have been disrupted. Many of you lived with uncertainty and fear, but throughout you were resilient. You came together as communities and you helped our officers get the job done to the officers involved in the search. I commend you for your determination, your innovation for never giving up and for working night and day to bring this sir to a conclusion. This was a search that could not have been successfully achieved without the help from our partners and Canadian Armed Forces from RCMP employees who came in from across the country and from multiple private partners. Above all, however, it was a search that could only be successful if we had strong public engagement and support. Thank you to all Canadians for remaining vigilant for calling us with information and, most importantly, for being our partners accorded any up. Simon no policy on travel is our Allah for Trouville special on ye Osama seed serve anew on Colombia Britannic McGrail absence. That service can confirm a deep feel. Vendors va. No policia nanami abandoned La Rochelle is on failed civilian sanma on examining the possibility. I am fair, Appel, a truth. The results, disponible no policy survey, consumer, a the deck where and so little amount. The probe for Fairhaven Cisitalia lavond rd the set le my the previous translated the covered. This article yay esperate trouve sur, revised the flag, Nelson Alice, with DecoArt news, I wanna find the pure red wheel. Lassonde ratios new servo, immediate mal deployed as a kept special is a delicious. A Ferrante made a research dollars on dental a probability, elevates actor, also, jury verdict. Are the policy a the larger say on travail a car, the design down the briefs and downs in kilometer the land will adopt equality. True they they are on the wrong with kilometer the land where the vehicle on Sanji at a dick but al are actual new. Some con fiance Carson, they do suspect resource a on year was a message serving you. Columbia Britannic in autopsy Sara, practically a Winnipeg for confirm, alors identity. It determine Allah calls the same. All the sick leader me of cement, IT extra mama difficile, pour a famiiy, the totally person to shape policy. Devon mass Avenue aspire, Callahan social de la terre, insulting reckon for GTR, a Moxie, the community-led agenda, Gilliam the line action, three, the Fox Lake the premium national dillford Warlick adieu, York landing, VN, kavafis, I-80 perturb, a a cabin armed, entre, Vicki, talented, Ella par with away to your Farrell, the residence ID. No policy are currently about rabbi. Yosef elicit the policy on participate or research, dollar determination, laurels innovation, lr cups of arouse Ashley, remercie, double ravager in ue4, many a being see research noon, Orion, Parisi, evacuee sailors, solid, the no personnel, the partner of the for ceramic, a Nadine. His employer said that will pay a depletion. Potent are privy part the suit to the success. The Sarah Sharda Panda skis ahmad effandi de la mobilization, elaborately and effective public Murcia Chile Canada that arrest a vigilant. The news award for need, aricema a sore to the work, elaborate avec nous. Thank you. Questions. I can't answer that we're with the the reason we're going to an autopsy is to determine those kind of details, I'm confident that the the it is them, but there to identify them officially and and caught you know to to be sure we have to go to autopsy. I, don't have an answer for that. It's a very dense place. It's a difficult place to find anybody, as I said earlier, very tough terrain, lots of lots of land as well. It's it's a huge area that we're looking at it's it's very hard to pinpoint anything in such a dense terrain. Yes, it was woods are specialized. Our CIP resources were in the area and they were doing a foot search, I'm. Afraid I can't speak to that right now. I'm, sorry, I can't speak to that either well. I mean there's, obviously a certain amount of relief that we were able to locate these people and and hopefully bring some closure not only to the victims of the homicides but to the people of Gilliland Fox, Lake, Cree, Nation, New, York, Landing, Wilfred, warlike nation. It's it's. It's huge to be able to hopefully give some people an opportunity to exhale and to hopefully eventually go back to normal and not being afraid of who's out in the woods anymore. Actually, I don't have specific numbers with me. I can tell you. We did put a lot of resources up the first week. As you were all aware. Last week, I made an announcement. That said, we were scaling down which we did, but we did leave, as I had said at the time as well, some specialized resources in place to follow up on anything we found and that's exactly what we did I don't have any confirmation anyway to substantiate that at this point it was found in the in the same general area. I don't have that information. It's very, very dense brush is what I can tell you very thick, very difficult to work your way through there's no trails, it's it's just very thick brush very dense and it's a huge area we were searching before. We didn't have any information to pinpoint us to a specific search area where we could do a much more detailed search. The items we did find on the shoreline gave us that opportunity to pinpoint that search and therefore do a much more detailed search of the area. I can't speak to that right now. I'm sorry you'd have to talk to my colleagues in British Columbia they're investigating the homicides themselves. I, don't have any information of those I'm afraid not Raymond is silly tiny, Lobos, a trade downs before a Rhema. They pay to see Travis trailer. So he put the Tyvek vehicle there shows come saw dogs at a very modest, sell. The the Traverse I said said: party I, really, don't know we haven't tabulated it I'll, be honest with you. I don't have those numbers for you at all. It's it's a far more detailed search, but no, we weren't! You can't go through the brush arm-in-arm, it's way too thick, but we were able to to put more people in that area and do a much more detailed, closer search pattern, so to speak, looking for very specific items and smaller it's a smaller grid for lack of a better term. Again. The homicide investigation is ongoing from our through our colleagues in British. Columbia will be liaison with them to know when we can release what details. We can. Thank you very much.