There's a dramatic development in the case of the BC murder suspects, whose bodies were found in Manitoba last week, the provinces medical examiner, has confirmed the remains are those of kin, MacLeod and Breyer, so Miguel ski, the RCMP, is also confirming the two teens committed suicide. Geoff simple is following these breaking details for us. What more can you tell us, Jeff? Well Robyn Manitoba's, Medical Examiner, confirming what many had been suspecting for days, of course, that those two bodies recovered from the Nelson River in northern Manitoba last week were indeed those two fugitives, the two BC murder suspects, cam McCloud and briars Miguel ski the RCMP. Also confirming there cause of death police say they killed themselves suicide by gunfire in the words of police. Now, the exact time and date of their deaths is not known yet, but there are strong indications according to the police that they managed to survive for a few days in that unforgiving wilderness in northern Manitoba. Remember they were last spotted. The last confirmed sighting was way back on July 22nd. The bodies found about eight kilometers from the burned-out car that they had been driving I. Just got off the phone with the deputy mayor of Gillam Manitoba, which of course had been at the epicenter of that manhunt for weeks now. Needless to say, he says they community breathing a sigh of relief, a small community where they're used to leaving their doors unlocked. He says he'll be leaving his door unlocked this evening Robyn. Where does the investigation go from here now Jeff? Well, we've got the big answer that we've been waiting for, that those two were indeed the two murder suspects there. There are many outstanding questions yet to be answered and police already promising that they will be providing more updates to come in the next few weeks. One of the biggest questions, of course, is whether those two men were indeed responsible for all three murders in British Columbia, remembered they've, been charged with one murder and were considered suspects and two others and, of course the victim's families are desperate for those confirmations police say the best lead in that regard are two firearms that they say that were found with the bodies police now trying to connect those firearms to the murders and also trying to determine how the suspects got their hands on those guns in the first place, and we could Seymour charges from stemming from that in the weeks ahead. The other question, of course, Robin, is motive. Police say that the RCMP Behavioral Analysis Unit has been brought in to build a comprehensive profile of these two suspects to try and get to the biggest question of all. Why Geoff simple reporting tonight.