The Vancouver Island woman's heavy-metal moment is going viral. She was out on a hike with her dog when a cougar began, stalking them. When yelling didn't scare off the big cat. She blasted Metallica from her phone, a move that worked and got the attention of people around the world, including the band. Here's Kiley Stanton, it's a drumming. He kind of do to hit play I hope for the best just right away. It sends a message that was deagle and strategy a couple of weeks ago, while out on a walk in the woods where she happened to come across this there's a cougar I just suddenly felt like something was watching me. Gallant. Did everything right, pulling her dog Murphy in close and waving her hands in the air, trying to appear large and loud get out of here, but he just stayed and he just stared at me for the longest time and I decided I needed to do something. A little more intimidating. A lifelong Metallica fan Gallants found her iTunes and went to her favorites, knowing just the song don't tread on me and I thought. That's the message. I gotta send this kitty a few notes into the DA and he quickly backed off. He literally turned and took off in the bush and was gone, but since posting about the experience on social media she's been far from being left alone. Her story now getting international attention. I've had probably oh gosh over a hundred radio stations and new stations contact me in the last week. It's been insane and Canada over the weekend. It's even making the rounds on the late-night talk shows this woman came face-to-face with a cougar and then played Metallica on her phone to chased it away the news eventually making its way to the band at the center of it. All I got a phone call, and this deep deep voice said hi Denise. This is James Hetfield of Metallica. An experienced glandt can only describe as a dream come true just over the moon. While this may have been her quick thinking or perhaps even Murphy, the Lance likes to think it was a song that saved her life. That's the stuff now more meaningful than ever. Oh that's good! I love it I'm gonna have to download that song yeah. You might just never know when it will come in handy. She was so calm. I love that she got home safe in yeah, talk to James Hetfield's! That's a 300 deal. It's amazing Thanks.