Okay, so what have you been hearing in the last? So we, my members in New, York Landing, had a potential sighting of the two people that are being searched for right now and that's kind of led to a whole bunch of things happening. Rcmp are now in the in the community they're searching from what I understand. Most recently, there are focusing on an area about the size of a football field. Apparently some shots have been fired and they've asked our group to secure a perimeter around their community. So our group from Fox Lake are now traveling from Gilliam to York factory, to join the other or you're planning to join. The other group. Well, at first I got I was at Walmart buying cat litter and cat food and stuff like that. I got a phone call from Robert wavy who works with Fox Lake Cree Nation, and he was asking me if I confirm a possible sighting and I didn't I didn't have any. You know I hadn't heard yet so I called to travis biggity, my coordinator out there in York Landing and asked him if he could confirm a sighting, and he absolutely did so at 4:15 this afternoon they were doing patrols around the community. They went to the the garbage dump area and the sewer sewage treatment plant water treatment plant is in the same area. There had been some activity at the sewage treatment plant earlier in the day. There was some kind of an issue there, so workers were coming and going from the treatment plant, so they saw two guys near the dump and at first that didn't strike him as odd because they thought it was associated with the work going on at this water treatment plant when they noticed the truck that was associated with those activities wasn't present, then they kind of went. Oh, this might be something else, and so they were careful to. You know get an idea of a description of the gentleman that they saw their exact location and the direction of travel after that, and it seems to have helped this search a huge help for police and it's also dangerous. You know it is, thankfully the gentleman that they saw didn't didn't, have any backpack with them: no visible, nothing in their hands, no weapons or anything like that, so they didn't feel threatened at all and they as soon as the guy saw our guys they bolted. So they they went across the road towards lagoon and then disappear behind it into a tree line like nothing. No, it was at a distance yeah. It seemed like I guess in retrospect. What he was saying is that it seemed that they were scavenging for food at the dump. They saw yeah, they saw they had eyes on and they bolted well. Travis said that he called RCMP right away and they waited about 20 minutes and didn't seem to get any kind of response. We phoned them back and think they were already like there. So that's pretty exceptional, considering the the distance of travel and things. Yes, the community, RCMP and the police are doing their job and they've asked us to stay back and just cordon off the community kind of thing and keep an eye on the perimeter and so we're sending the other four members from Fox Lake to join the other three, so that we'll have seven members they're watching the perimeter of the community. So these he's shot two part before they play or not. Well, I guess all they heard like all the Travis can tell me is that the shops would that he heard the sound of shots he doesn't know from who at who, just that he heard the sound your, but your guys are they're there and they haven't said anything like that. All that all that he said to me is that they're they're, focusing on an area about the size of a football field helicopter is hovering over that area and they've got a lot of resources there right now, I'm hoping that this comes to a swift, then and safe end for everyone. What's going through your mind, for me, remember that I know you guys do a lot of great work here, but you're, not it's not often that you have guys searching for yes. Well, it's it's a little stressful I'll tell you, knowing that my people are in harm's way. That way. Also I wanted to be there but I couldn't because my mother had a medical procedure that I had to be here with her for yesterday, so I wasn't able to go. I was supposed to go tomorrow and now that this is all happening. I'm like dang I'm here, instead of there or I, should be and that's a little aggravating. But you know again, the the most important aspect is that everybody stays safe and that that this comes to a safe end. Yeah they again the plane was there to pick them up this afternoon and they refused to get off yeah and then the guys that were like my people that were in gilliam waiting for the plane to come back to Winnipeg. They refused to get on they're, coming back to they're, going back to York yeah. So that's the kind of people we got working with us. That's something I missed something again. I just want to clarify that you know we are there at the request of the grand chief Harlem duelists from the seminary Manitoba Chiefs, that's who's, taking care of all the charters and things like that and keep them our members fed and happy.