So my goal today was to not trip in these shoes and to not mess up this speech, so hopefully I can do both really well after this. So far. So good though wow this is crazy. This is crazy. I, never thought I would have my own parade before, let alone the key to the city and a street named after me. I have to thank mayor Bonnie Crombie for everything and her team and the City of Mississauga for putting this together. I am truly truly brought blessed. I. Oh, there was there's the press up, I'm truly, truly blessed, what's happening in Canadian sports. This year has been so beautiful to watch and so inspiring I did not get here alone, though. I have to thank my whole entire team, my family, my friends, tennis Canada, for giving me this opportunity for supporting me for believing in me and for sticking by me since day one without you guys, I wouldn't be here today. So thank you. I love! You a special thank you to prime minister justin, trudeau, mayor Bonnie, Crombie, Chancellor, hazel and Mayor John Tory, for everything for all of your support and for continuing to make Canada such an amazing country and for all the other dignitaries that are here today and for everyone watching at home. I really really appreciate it. Last but not least, the crowd the fans. All of you, thank you for the continuous support not only throughout the US Open, but throughout my whole career career. So far, every tournament I go to I, see Canadians everywhere and it's it's so beautiful to see I'm truly truly blessed, and hopefully you guys can continue on supporting me for many years to come. I am a proud Canadian. I am proud to represent this amazing country all around the world and I am very humbled to celebrate this moment with all of you here today and with everyone at home. This is only the beginning. I did not get here overnight. There has been a lot of hard work and sweat that went into it a lot of debt and a lot of downs. A lot of ups but I made sure to stay very positive in those tough times. I know it's so easy to say, but I truly love this sport, I'm very passionate and I have really big dreams, so I'm really glad I never gave up, because I wouldn't be standing here with everyone, so all I can say is: if I can do it, if Serena can do it, if Roger can do it, if the Raptors can do it, so can you thank you.