Congrats Bianca, it's it's been the morrible I'm sure. So how have you been in the last few minutes? You are, it's been pretty hectic. I've been talking to a lot of people taking a lot of pictures, so it really hasn't sunk in. Yet it's not easy for Serena for sure to pull out, especially to pull out in a final I know how she feels, because I've done that many times in my short career. But sometimes you just have to listen to your body and yeah. It's not the way I wanted to win, but a win is a win. So I'm really really happy say a win is a win and I'm sure it is, but does it take any of the sheen off for you well, I would say that the win in Indian Wells was I mean it was a hard-fought battle, so I felt like it was a sweeter victory at the time, but this tournament is at home, I've dedicated so much hard work and sweat on that tennis, court and in this gym. So this tournament is definitely ten times more. Special yuck I had a chance to talk to favorites about failure, but earlier today she was watching your match and rooting for you. I've had some complimentary things to say about you, just wondering if you have any desire or intention to potentially meet with her I would love to meet her I've never met her Gavin just told me that she couldn't actually come to watch the match. She was a bit sick, but she said that she had a feeling that I would win this tournament and that I'm a true champion in her eyes, which means so much to me coming from her. So definitely I would love to meet her Bianca after Indian Wells. The first thing you did was FaceTime your parents, because they weren't able to be there for that. They were able to be here today. What's it like not just to win at home but to win in front of your parents, it's incredible because we've been through so much together and just being able to hug them after was really really nice and I, say I'd say that I would dedicate this trophy to them. Happy Olga, Congrats! On the victory, Karl, hey ole earlier this morning said that you match donations to ten eight and the scan is what it takes campaign. I'm curious. How you see you your performance on the court as well as off the court with your generosity, inspire Canadians across this country being able to give back to to the community into the next gen is an amazing feeling for me, because I love to give so having that opportunity is amazing, and now that I won this tournament, I think it's gonna, give a lot of other kids and just tennis in Canada a bigger push. So hopefully this one can definitely do that over. Here. Congratulations on the victory! From our vantage point, it didn't look like anything was bothering Serina I mean she fired two aces. She was serving at 190 kilometers an hour. Did you notice anything when did or when did you notice? Something was wrong: I didn't notice anything whatsoever I, it was very surprising, but sometimes things happen and sadly it had to be like that, but I I wish her the fastest recovery. So when did you know when, when you saw the trainer come over or yeah when she went when she sat down and then the chair umpires said she won't be able to continue, but some are already saying that you are a frontrunner for the Lou Marsh trophy. Has that crossed your mind at all that hasn't crossed my mind, but if, if I, if I win that, then it would be awesome. I'm not complaining right now, I haven't really thought about anything other than this win. So anything outside of this is a bonus Bianca. This arena was in here earlier and said that she was a fan. She really appreciated like what you said to her on court, and she also said that you're an old soul. What does it feel like to hear that from her, and do you agree yeah after I gave my species like that was very mature of you, I wouldn't have given that when I was your age so coming from her? That means a lot but yeah I would say: I'm an old soul, I I love to read: I love to research on my own I. Just love to learn, learn, learn because I believe that knowledge is power and I enjoy doing that. So I try my best to just become better and better so I think that's where she sees that from last year last summer, you're dealing with some back issues. You came back from that this year's shoulder and she issues you come back from that and you're 12 and three recomment 3sat mask matches. So where does your resiliency and mental toughness come from from practice? I meditate a lot I visualize a lot I know I've said that a lot at Indian, Wells I, think it's really important to work your mind just as hard. You work physically I think a lot of people just work physically and forget about the mental part, but in reality your brain is controlling your body. So if you're strong mentally, then I think you can find other resources to push your body physically. If things aren't going your way in that sense and I think that's what I've been doing this week and the past season, Congrats Bianca right over here, a lot of Canadian tennis players have made headlines in the last two years. You Dennis Felix one other Canadian tennis players made headlines is Maria patrasche go in the WTA. She started to think magician about the world tennis tour that new reform that they're putting into the lower levels of the ITF and she's saying that it's harming Canadian tennis. Are you familiar with Maria's petition and do you have any opinion of I'm actually not know so I have no idea how to answer that question. Sorry, during the week you were talking about wanting WTA finals at the end of the year as one of your goals. Why is that such an important goal for you? What would it mean it's it'll, be awesome. Just being part of that, elight group would mean the world I mean, I'm gonna be playing against the best players in the world. So having my name beside theirs would would mean a lot. Maybe I. Congratulations: I know that your time on the court was brief, but how did it feel stare across the net and seeing Serena Williams and knowing you're gonna play her earlier in the week? Now? You owe me a Conda describe that she was kind of excited to show off her skills. First time she played her. Do you feel something similar, as you were, to step in under the court yeah for sure stepping onto the court I wanted to show her what I'm made of but I try not to focus on that I just want to put on the performance for myself and for my team and I. Think I did that in the first four games, but before the match, I was really really nervous. I mean I'm playing Serena in the finals of the Rogers Cup, so I was definitely nervous, but I think I handled the nerves really well I mean before situations or scenarios happen, I'm pretty like anxious, but once things get going, then I'm totally cool hi there after the match was over. There was a situation where you got down on your knees right in front of Serena, and you can't wrap your arms around her. You had a little bit of conversation there. Can you enlighten us as to what each of you were saying at that moment? Well, I started tearing up because she was tearing up it's because I know how she feels injuries really really suck so I just said girl, you are mom I'm, not gonna, say you are a beast: you're gonna bounce back you've dealt with so much in your career. This is just a minor setback for a major comeback, I'm sure and she was really nice. She was saying very nice things about me, so I really I really appreciated that a little bit irony in the injury depart because in the quarterfinals that looked like, you might fact have to pull the term with your groin injury. How close were you to to thinking about pulling out at that point and rather than risk further injury and how's your growing now and it would be fine Cincinnati. So, there's all, of course, what's on your schedule, yeah when I feel my groin the quarters it was pretty bad. I I felt it quite a lot, but the taping helped after I saw the physio I, wasn't gonna pull out in a quarterfinal match at the Rogers Cup, because I could walk totally fine. It was just some balls that hurt when I, especially on the open stance backhand but I I wasn't thinking of pulling out whatsoever and I haven't thought about that. Yet I was gonna. Talk to my coach after everything is settled and we'll make it this isn't a decision about Cincinnati. You mentioned that you read a lot and you think that education helps your mental fortitude. What are some of the things that you read to help with that I love to read self-help books about the mind how the mind works, because the mind is an incredible tool. It's you! Basically, you can create your own reality with your mind and ever since I started doing that and working on that, it's been showing the past couple of months and I'm really grateful for that. So I'm not gonna change. Anything and I'm gonna continue Congrats, obviously one Indian Wells boat. What is winning at home, where there's possibly more pressure more expectation, do in terms your confidence and your belief that you can win a Grand Slam yeah. This has definitely got my confidence level up here, being able to deal with all the pressure and all the expectations from everyone. I'm just really proud, with how I dealt with everything, and hopefully this win can give me momentum into the US Open taken last few hours for you, but have you gotten a chance to look at your messages and see all those congratulations that are pouring in really cool one? No I haven't I really want to stay away from that tonight and just enjoy the moment right now, but don't worry I'll answer to everyone tomorrow. This is definitely going in Canadian history, both for sure yeah with the Raptors win. It was truly legendary and yeah. Hopefully, this can be just as good.