Dramatic new developments are shaking up an already volatile situation in the Middle East, including some stunning new video that might be disturbing to some viewers reports suggests this is the explosion that killed Iranian general Qasem Soleimani. The targeted strike yesterday sparked this new escalation in the dispute between the u.s. and Iran Redman Shannon reports on that and a dire new warning for Canadians travelling in the region. Thousands of mourners in Iraq paying their respects to an Iranian military general killed alongside Iraqi militia members. This display of grief and anger for the killing of Qasem Soleimani is an indication of his status across the region. Even Iraq's Prime Minister was in the crowd. He has declared three days of mourning matching Iran. It's one time. Fo local, but America was aiming to weaken the resistance, but the resistance will be victorious says this man, this new video, purports to show the moment. Solemn Annie's convoy was hit in Baghdad. The US has not yet given any details of the intelligence that led them to believe he was planning to kill Americans. Some Iraqis are glad Soleimani is dead, but many of these mourners are supporters of Shiite militias backed by the commander in Iran. The anger at the u.s. is stronger still we're. Soleimani is now a martyr Iranian. President Hassan rouhani visited his family again promising revenge. They made a strategic mistake. He said they will see that more difficult days are awaiting them. What exactly revenge will look like is uncertain on Saturday missiles landed inside the fortified Baghdad Green Zone, but not close to the US Embassy more rockets hit a u.s. airbase north of the city. There were no deaths, one iran-backed militia group has indicated more attacks are to come, but in the wake of the anti-government and anti-iran protests in Iraq, this past fall Tehran's future influence in Iraq is in question. Iraqi protests you hear the same Iran barabara militias out. So that's what the Iraqi protesters are saying. In other words, these militias that could have been used against the US are now paralyzed as a result of lack of popular support, this middle east analyst says Iran may simply want to save face by humiliating your on. In this way, Iran is not going to come to the table, but Iran doesn't want to risk all over the US. So what I think what Iran will do is they will want some sort of skirmish a minor skirmish that the u.s. won't mind as in it won't cause the war. It could be a mass cyber attack. It could be a temporary hostage situation before for a ship in the in in the Gulf Strait that will let the Iranians parade it in front of their people. Then there are hundreds of Canadian troops in Iraq at the moment. What do you know about their status as this crisis deepens? Chris Canadian forces are currently leading the NATO mission in Iraq and are also taking part in operation impact to counter the so-called Islamic state, but in the wake of Soleimani scaling, all NATO operations have been temporarily suspended. As a precaution and defense minister Harjit Sajjan says all training missions have also been suspended too, but sources tell global news that doesn't necessarily apply to all aspects of operation impact Chris, alright, Redmond Shannon in London. Thank you.