This hearing will come to order. Thank you all for being here today. One year ago, today, lion Air flight 610 crashed into the sea. Shortly after takeoff from Jakarta Indonesia, all 189 people on board perished. Five months later, Ethiopian Airlines flight 302 departed out of Sabah Ethiopia, just like lion Air flight 610 at the open, the Airlines flight 302 experienced problems shortly after takeoff and crashed all 157 persons on board died. Both of these accidents were entirely preventable. We cannot fathom the pain experienced by the families of those 346 human beings who were lost. Many family members are here today and we appreciate their attendance I appreciate many of them meeting with members of the committee over time. As chairman of this committee, I promise their loved ones that we are working to obtain a full answer as to how to prevent future tragedies. These families deserve answers, accountability and action, and the public deserves no less. The type of aircraft involved in both accidents is a 737 max 8 manufactured by Boeing international aviation safety regulators began grounding the Mac's the day after the Ethiopian crash on March 13 Federal, Aviation Administration formally grounded the aircraft in the United States. The maxes returned to service is contingent on Boeing's work with the FAA to test and certify fixes to the M Cass flight control system, which activated during both Asha's. In order for the max to return to service international regulators also need to be satisfied that it is safe to fly as the certification process continues. Many questions remain about Boeing's actions and the FAA s actions during the design, development and certification processes, as well as the operation of the Macs. Today's hearing is divided into two panels. Let me note for senators that the committee will follow regular order and recognition of both panels. The five-minute rule will be observed strictly because we have so many people who wish to participate on the first panel, Dennis Muhlenberg president and CEO of Boeing will testify on behalf of the aircraft manufacturer. He is accompanied by John Hamilton chief engineer for Boeing Commercial Airplanes, who will provide technical expertise. Our second panel will examine these issues from the government's perspective. The witnesses today include National Transportation, Safety, Board, Chairman, Robertson Walt and chairman of the Joint Chiefs technical review or jeder Chris Hart, chairman son Walt oversees the NTSB, which recently released a report and recommendations regarding the Mac's certification chairman hart led the jetter, an FAA commissioned body that included the FAA NASA and nine foreign aviation safety authorities tasked with reviewing the maxis flight control systems. The jetter has submitted a broad range of recommendations to the FAA. Let me note that chairman Hart has extensive past government service in aviation safety, but he is a private citizen today who agreed to lead the chatter. We have many concerns that Boeing should address today. We need to know if Boeing and the FAA rushed to certify the max. In particular, critics have focused on the MCATs development and testing the jet or criticized Boeing's munication, with the faa on em Casas development, particularly after the system was modified to activate at lower air speeds. The jeder also criticized the faa for relying on outdated regulations, guidance and certification procedures and failing to incorporate realistic human behavior factors into its assumptions. The NTSB also called into question Boeing's and FAS assumptions about pilot reaction during MCAS activation. These questions were specially important for stressful situations, with multiple alerts going off in the cockpit. Our witnesses should address the company and safety regulators, actions regarding Mac's certification, general and MKS, in particular. The process for certifying the Mac's necessitated a close partnership between Boeing and FAA. Under a decades-old system called organization, design, authorization or Oda, the FAA has delegated certain certification activities to the Oda holder in this case Boeing, while the OTA has been used to certify many aircraft over the years. Some have criticized the system for permitting an inappropriately close relationship between companies and their safety regulator. Indeed, email correspondence dating from as early as 2015 between the Maxis former chief technical pilot mark fourtner, an FAA personnel released on October 18 reflect a disturbing level level of casualness and flippancy that seem to corroborate these criticisms. I was disappointed to learn of a November 2016 instant messenger conversation between mr. for fork, nerve and and a colleague is which he acknowledged misinforming the they a boy should have notified the FAA about that conversation immediately upon its discovery, although FAA is not testifying today, let me express my frustration with the agency's lack of responsiveness to my request dating back to April of this year. Four documents relevant to the 737 max as part of the investigation that I opened as chairman, based on whistleblower disclosures. The relationship between regulating agencies and organizations they regulate is important, but so are the internal reforms that Boeing is implementing. Witnesses should provide their views on the ODA system and whether or not reforms are needed. I invite mr. Muhlenberg to describe the steps Boeing is taking to improve aviation safety and to ensure that technical experts never experience undue pressure to put profits and relationships ahead of safety. The committee's oversight is not limited to past actions. The reviews by both Tjader and NTSB note that future aircraft systems are likely to be even more complex and interdependent than current models. Managing interfaces between humans and machines will become even more important as automation increases. At the same time, commercial aviation is set to continue expanding around the globe. Many future pilots will fly in countries without the same training requirements and safety standards that we have in the United States. We welcome the witnesses, thoughts on how to improve design development and certification in the future to account for these major changes. This hearing will by no means in our inquiry, additional oversight. Hearings will be held. The committee will carefully review the final Lion air report, which was released on Friday, as well as the ethiopian airlines report, which is forthcoming. The committee will also consider the findings and recommendations from chatter NTSB and all other investigations and reviews. I now recognize the distinguished ranking member senator Cantwell for her opening statement. Thank You mr. chairman, and thank you for this important hearing. I too, want to take a moment and recognize the families who've lost loved ones in both the Ethiopian Airlines and Lyon air tragedies. Some whom are here with us today, I can't imagine the loss and the enduring pain that you must feel I. Thank you for your vigilance on this issue, just as we have seen the families of Colgan Air flight vigilant's help us improve safety for the future right now. Mr. Muhlenberg, these families, millions of airline passengers and over 150,000 Aerospace Workers, want to know what we're doing to fix what went wrong and what did go wrong to date. We haven't gotten all those answers. Hopefully today's hearing will help provide some, but one thing is crystal clear: if you want to be the leader in aviation manufacturing, you have to be the leader in aviation safety. Aviation demand, especially for 737s and single aisle. Planes is exploding to 101 percent growth over the next ten years, something like 35,000 planes and three trillion dollars. I think that's actually 20 years, but we cannot have a race for commercial airplanes, become a race to the bottom. When it comes to safety, the company, the board, cannot prioritize profits over safety. Safety always has to be job one, so it is troubling to hear that Boeing may have skirted the FAA certification process over a desire by airlines to have more fuel-efficient planes, but without pilot training. Now this issue of lowering standards is permeating through all of aviation, we're dealing with it here in the committee. My Democratic colleagues have led the charge to try to stop companies coming here to say they don't want to have the same training for co-pilots on the regional jets because they don't have enough pilots or the issue. My colleague is championed on rest requirements for cargo pilots having the same requirements for rest as passenger planes. Thank god. Captain Sullenberger, the hero of the hudson, made it clear when you're in an emergency, the pilot and co-pilot don't have time a lot of time to communicate. So that is why, today we need answers to how the first 737 max certification process was done, and we especially need transparency on this process of review before the 737 max is put in the air again. The public needs to know and fully understand what testing, what review, what processes were conducted both by Boeing and the FAA. So we're not listening to whether there was enough testing and complex system integration and information into a cockpit alert system that we out now all know was flawed and whether there was even enough data presented to the FAA. These are all questions that are important, including outsourcing of engineering and coding. There are many questions about software and cockpit automation and overload I guarantee you. The FAA codes and laws are clear when it comes to the standards for certification. Yes, software and automation, flight training, better rest requirements for pilots have all led to 10 years between 20 2009 to 2018 as the safest 10 years in aviation history, but more software and more automation without robust third-party testing and validation will lead us to where we are today. We should note that the last five ABA ssin accidents have all involved this issue of automation and pilot response to automation, whether it's lion, air Ethiopian, the Asiana, the French or Qantas 330 accidents. They were all in response to an automation in a command in a response from the pilot. So that is why, last week, I introduced legislation with my colleagues, senators, Duckworth and senator Blumenthal to implement the recommendations of the NTSB Safety Board and the Inspector General report on better safety management systems, better cockpit prioritization and a new FAA Center of Excellence on flight automation and human factors. The FAA needs the best engineers to understand the engineering challenges of the future and stay ahead on this human behavior response to new automation. We're dealing I, see people here on the transportation automobile side, it's the same issue in advanced vehicles. What automation exists and how do humans respond to it? So I look forward to also hearing from chairman some Walt and Chris Hart about their findings on improving the safety review process that we've included in this legislation. I would just say again: our sorrows are nothing like the families who are with us today, but I do want to note that 737 max accidents have struck at the heart of everyone in the Northwest. Soon after the Ethiopian crash, a Seattle firefighter approached me and asked if I thought he could get a job at Boeing. He said I just want to go there and make sure we get the safety right. Everyone feels that way. Generation of workers in the Pacific Northwest have dedicated their lives to aviation excellence and safety and that spirit lives on in Everett and Renton. So this isn't a question about line workers. This is a question about a corporate view from Chicago whether there is enough attention to manufacturing and certification. You should take you no offense to the fact that people say it's a great company not being run correctly so for the 346 people who trusted Boeing without a second thought. We need to get this right. These families are counting on us, Thank You. Mr. chairman, thank you senator Cantwell. Mr. mellenburg, you have submitted an extensive written statement. It will be entered in full in the record at this point. You're now and I understand. Mr. Hamilton will not be making a formal statement. So mr. Mullen, where you are recognized at this point, to summarize your opening statement for five minutes. Thank you. Thank you for being here, sir chairman wicker, ranking member Kent, well, committee members. Thank you for the opportunity to join you today and we share your commitment to aviation safety before we start today, I'd like to speak directly to the families of the victims, who are here with us on behalf of myself and the Boeing Company. We are sorry deeply and true. Sorry, as a husband and father myself, I'm I'm heartbroken by your losses, I think about you and your loved ones. Every day and I know, our entire Boeing team does as well. I know that probably doesn't offer much comfort and healing at this point, but I want you to know that we carry those memories with us every day and every day that drives us to improve the safety of our airplanes and our industry, and that will never stop I'm grateful and humbled to be here today and to be able to say these words to the families directly and I want to convey our absolute commitment to safety. Our commitment to learning our commitment to rebuilding the public's confidence in what we do and to preventing accidents from like this, like this from other ever happening again, we will never forget, and that is our commitment going forward. Mr. chairman I know, this committee has many questions about the Mac's. We'll do our best today to answer all of those questions, and while one of the accidents is still under investigation, we know both accidents involved. The repeated activation of a flight control system called MK s, which responded to erroneous signals from a sensor that measures the airplanes angle of attack. Based on that we've, enhanced M, casts in three ways. First, it will now compare information from both sensors instead of one before activating second MK s will only activate a single time and third M casts, will never provide more input than a pilot can counteract using the control column alone. Pilots will also continue to have the ability to override M casts at any time. We've brought the best of Boeing to this effort. We spent over 100,000 engineering and test hours we've flown more than 800 test flights. We've conducted simulator sessions with 545 participants from 99 customers and 41 global regulators, I flown on a couple of flights myself. This is taken longer than expected, but we're committed to getting it right during this process would work closely with the FAA and other regulators we provided them. Documentation had them fly. The simulators answered, their questions and regulators around the world should rigorously scrutinize the max and only approve its return to flight when they are completely satisfied with its safety. The public deserves nothing less. Mr. chairman today and every day over five million people will board a Boeing airplane and fly safely to their destination decades of cooperation and innovation by industry and regulators and the rigorous oversight of this committee have reduced accidents by more than 95 percent over the last 20 years, but no number other than zero accidents is ever acceptable. We can and must do better. We've been challenged and changed by these accidents. We've made mistakes and we got some things wrong: we're improving and we're learning and we're continuing to learn. We established a permanent aerospace safety committee of our board, which stood up a new safety organization. We strengthened our engineering organizations so that all engineers now report up through Boeing's chief engineer, we're also helping to rebuild the communities and families impacted by these accidents. We've pledged a hundred million dollars to this effort and have hired renowned experts in this area to ensure families can access these funds as quickly as possible. No amount of money can bring back what was lost, but we can at least help the families meet their financial needs. Mr. Chairman I started at Boeing more than 30 years ago. As a summer intern in Seattle I was a junior at Iowa State University, studying engineering having grown up on a family farm in Iowa I, was awestruck to work at the company that brought the jet age to the world and helped land a person on the moon today, I'm still inspired by what Boeing does and by the remarkable men and women who are committed to its outstanding legacy. But these heartbreaking accidents and the memories of the 346 lives lost are now part of that legacy. It is our solemn duty to learn from them and we will recently there has been much criticism of Boeing and our culture. We understand and deserve this scrutiny, but I know the people of Boeing. They are more than 150-thousand of the most dedicated, honest, hard-working men and women in the world, and their commitment to safety, quality and integrity is unparalleled and resolute. We will stay true to those values, because we know our work demands the utmost excellence. Mr. chairman, thank you very much mr. Muhlenberg. During my opening statement, I mentioned an instant message, conversation and then a series of emails. The instant message conversation was between the 737 max chief technical pilot and a colleague, and it expresses concerns about the operation of the MCATs boeing, knew about this instant message for months, but failed to share it with the FAA. Until recently. With regard to the emails again, mr. Fortner, the former Mac's chief technical pilot, calls for removing any mention of the MKS flight control system from the flight crew operating manual. He talks about Jedi mind-trick of regulators with at least one person who works for the FAA. So, with regard to the instant message conversation, when were you made aware of the existence of the November 2016 message? Mr. chairman, as I recall, I, was made aware of that message earlier this year it was discovered as part of a document gathering process in response to a government investigation, so it was after the crashes you were made aware of it. This year, uh sir, as I, recall, I, believe it was prior to the second crash on a syringe. Was it your decision to wait months before disclosing this to the FAA? Mr. chairman, at that point, it had been identified as a document in response to an ongoing investigation and I relied on our our counsel to provide that to the appropriate authorities. Okay, well, did the. What did the counsel tell you? Did he say I'm going to I'm going to supply to the Justice Department, or did you say, I'm going to get it to appropriate authorities? Mr. Chairman I don't recall having a specific conversation about which authorities just again as part of this investigative process, our intent to cooperate fully with the request and to provide that to the appropriate authorities. I think over this over this time period. This year we provided on the order of half a million pages of documents in support of various requests. You agree that this should have been provided to the FAA in retrospect, senator as I became familiar with the details of the document over the last few weeks as I expressed our our disappointment and and concern with how this came to the FAA I think you heard the same from Administrator Dixon I called him and apologized for how this had come through the process. Again, I wasn't involved in the document production process, but it counted on our team to make sure all the right authorities were notified. Okay, so we should look to the team. Then, can you assure the committee that boeing has now turned over all such safety related communications to the FAA related to the 737 max Thunder aye? Our team continues to cooperate with all requests for documentation. I'm sure that additional documents will be provided time as they're discovered, as would be normal to the process and uh we will. We will cooperate fully with the requests. It seems to me that a request shouldn't have to have been made with regard to that. I am conversation service. Let me ask you: when did you become aware of the emails that I referred to in the second part of my question about Jedi, mind trick in regulators? Senator again, just recently I've been informed of the details of those emails and the instant message that you give us an idea of how recently it's over the last couple of weeks when it became public news. Okay, you did not know about it until then, sir I don't recall being briefed on the on the details of those documents anytime. Prior to that, can you see that this raises much concern about the level of coziness between Boeing personnel and FAA regulators? Miss mr. chairman I understand the the concern there and again we're doing our best to lean forward and provide information as part of this process. I can I can tell you that the the comments, the the values, the approaches that are described in those emails, are counter to our value said that in no way would meet any expectation I would have for our team. Our employees so I understand the concern, share the concern and just want to convey it's. It's not consistent with our values, as a company at all. In this series of emails has only in the last few weeks come to your attention. Is that right, sir, as Senator as I said, I was aware of the the documents that were being produced as part of an investigation. That's what I recall from earlier this year. I, don't recall getting briefed on on details of these documents. Those details are things that I learned of over the last few weeks, senator Cantwell, Thank You mr. chairman, and if you could help I have a lot to go through, so we're going to try to move quickly through. It was Boeing aware of the defects in the system which it failed to disclose to the FAA. At the time the aircraft was in development and certification. Senator. As you know, the the UM cast development occurred over a lengthy time period about a six-year development program of the the max we have learned from both accidents and we've identified changes that need to be made to MKS. We did during the development process. You follow our certification standards and long-standing industry standards behind the MKS design, but clearly we've learned and there are things we need to improve on em, yes, answer the question. Mr. bond from Senator could ask you what was Boeing aware of defects in the EM cast system, which it failed to disclose to the FAA. At the time the aircraft was in development and certification. Senator I just have two question: I'll, say the premise of the question, so we as part of our development process, we do identify hazards and failure modes and they were disclosed. That was part of the failure mode analysis that we shared as part of the certification process during that time period. So you think everything that you were aware of was disclosed to the FAA as it relates to defects in the EM cast system. Well, senator as we get to two defects things. We need to fix. You know: we've identified three areas that we talked about needing to address. One was the single sensor feed. That was a piece of the architecture that was shared with the FAA, the fact that the system would operate more than once during a flight that was also part of the design description and the the control authority of the system at various parts to I. Don't know what mr. Faulkner is referring to when he says: unknowingly lied to the FAA or Jedi mind-trick, senator I I'm, not sure what he meant. By that we haven't been able to talk to him. He doesn't work for Boeing anymore. We've been trying. Here's my concern that if you don't know what he meant, then you also don't know, wasn't what wasn't disclosed, and so we don't know if there are things in the mcat system that were defects that he or someone else knew about that weren't disclosed. So I hear what you're saying that there's a lot to discover in a process but I'd like to go over some of the very specifics about what was tested and did Boeing test the consequences of the EM cast reliance on a single AOA sensor. Did it test that yeah senator we tested a broad array of different aspects of the M cast system, a set of failure modes? We we did thorough flight testing no John. If you want to comment on on the details there yeah senator the 737ng is one of the safest airplane says and we're trying to understand what got tested. So did you test the reliability of the AOA sensors in general? Did you test the reliability on a single sensor? Did you consult with the pilots on the lack of guidance on M cast and the flight manuals? Did you test the AOA sensors degree alert to ensure reliability? Did you test the human factor response? These are all things from the lion air report and my guess is you didn't test those and that's at the heart of this? But if you did- and you have data on that and it was provided to the FAA- that's what we want to see senator we- we did test the MKS uncommanded inputs to the stabilizer system due to whatever causes was driving it not specifically to who an AOA sensor. We assessed that hazard level. We, which now do you think, is wrong in hindsight. Senator yes, I! Thank you because I I agree yeah a certain Senator fight. If I could just add a point to that, because, as John pointed out, we relied on on these long-standing industry standards as part of our evaluation of response time behind M cast, and that is one of the areas. Here's the thing about shortfall, here's the thing I'm very confused about which is just this larger issue and look. We want to get this right because we do want to go forward and we know there is going to be automation in many aspects of our lives, but this robust testing that must occur and third-party validation there were just I, just don't understand how you have sensors on the outside of a plane, and you are going to let that send a command to the inside of the plane. That basically says trim the plane, 2.5 degrees and then all of a sudden, you're gonna be yelled out from the cockpit from somebody saying, pull up and then the same time, you're being forced down in your nose, and you have seconds to respond because you're in takeoff that doesn't seem like a lot of robust testing was done to me, because if it was then the lion air incident wouldn't have happened. Okay, so I see my time. I have a few seconds left. I want to just bring up a cup I think this whole issue of air speed is a major issue writ large for all of us to get right. The sector, those crashes about automation, even the Air France crash, is related to a faulty pitot tube I. Don't know how much we should be trusting things on the outside of the plane to give commands to the inside of the plane when they can be damaged so but I do want to know that you are improving the safety culture. This issue of both reporting people not being able to talk to FAA oversight, people and this issue of some of the machinist Boeing quality inspectors. Being there work being taken over I want to understand that a safety culture is going to exist, senator if anything I can leave with you today, I want to reinforce the culture of safety at Boeing, and we know we can improve. You know we encourage our employees to speak up when there are issues and- and some of those have been public recently we respect and accept those inputs. We take action following on those. We have recently made a number of improvements that includes restructuring our safety review boards, elevating them to increase transparency and focus on safety. We've moved all 50,000 Boeing engineers to now report directly to our chief engineer separating them. I'm gonna ask you to come back on the SPEA and Boeing quality inspectors, two different issues with a rig response: Thank You, mr. chairman I, know I went over my time. Thank you. Now. I have the beauty of telling the distinguished whip that he's limited to five minutes: Thank You. Mr. chairman, mr. Muhlenberg, it's my understanding that the MKS has been substantially redesigned to include several redundancies that will better prevent erroneous activation. Could you speak to why some of the changes being made in the reconfiguration of the MKS were not considered in the initial development of the system? Yes, senator I think you raised a very important point and, as as John began to allude to earlier, the original concept for the MKS design was an extension of what we call the speed trim system on the 737ng. The previous version of the 737, that is, a single sensor system- that's been proven safe in flight, more than 200 million flight hours. So one of our safety principles is to minimize change from model to model. That is a good standard safety process that was the concept behind the original M cast design. Now what we've learned from both accidents is that we made some mistakes. There are some things we can improve. One of them is this idea of going to a dual sensor: feed instead of single, as well as limiting MCATs to a single action or activation during a flight. Those are improvements that we've identified. We take responsibility for that. We feel responsible for our airplanes and we know that there are some fixes that we need to make we own that and we are implementing those fixes going forward as we discuss possible improvements to the certification of aircraft would be helpful for you to explain how safety is supposed to be integrated into the certification process from the initial conception of the aircraft. All the way to flying at 30,000 feet filled with passengers. Since these crashes we've heard concerns about whether Boeing's relationship with the FAA is too cozy, and we want a certification process that is efficient and that promotes us competitiveness, but one that always prioritizes safety. So what would you say to address the concerns that have been raised about regulatory capture? Senator I agree with the in that area? I would say that over the last couple of decades, the improvements that have been made in aviation safety are because of strong government oversight. That includes the work of this committee. It includes the the oversight of the FAA, the delegated authority process, as its structured we do think has contributed to safety of the industry. I mentioned in my comments that there's about a 95 percent improvement in safety over the last two decades. Some of that I believe is associated with the delegated authority, but we have to get the balance right and I think it's very important that we have strong government oversight, strong FAA oversight, but we also tap the technical depth that our industry teams can bring to the table. That's the concept, but if we need to rebalance it, if I fully support evaluating that concept, looking at the details and making sure we've got the ballot, did you briefly explain very briefly? If you could, how Boeing and the FAA work together to certify aircraft, yeah, senator I could but I think mr. Hamilton here is a deeper expert on that. If I could ask him to take that question, it's really senator the FAA is actually in control of a certification process the whole time. Let me just kind of walk you through the process very quickly starts off by identifying the requirements to certify the airplane. That is the sole authority of the FAA. It establishes the certification basis of the airplane. The second step is identifying the methods of compliance to those requirements. So this is how you're going to show that the airplane design actually meets those requirements again. The FAA is the sole authority on that they that's their action. The third step is doing the testing the analysis and the documentation that demonstrates the airplane, meets those requirements and that it's done by Boeing in our case or the applicant, and then there's a review of those documents to validate that. They actually met the requirements and that can be done by the FAA or the ODA who acts as a designee of the FAA, or it can be a combination and finally, there's an oversight. The FAA is oversight of the actual you members, they do oversight of the ODA and are you following the processes they do? Oversight of? Did you find compliance as they expected with the methods of compliance, and then they do systemic oversight of entire system? Mr. mellenburg, how are you working to ensure coming back this issue of safety that employees who raise concerns, even if they inhibit your ability to get a product to the market quickly are taken seriously and that importantly, those concerns are raised to the top and not brushed aside a senator in my role is the CEO this company I take that responsibility very seriously. We have a number of ethics hotline avenues that our employees can use when it comes to delegated authority. In particular, we also have additional survey tools that we deploy and we openly share that data with the FAA and make improvements. That said again, we know we can improve and one of the areas that I've taken recent action on is to restructure our safety organization. So we we have now created a new safety organization. A vice-president Beth pastor reports to my chief engineer, who reports directly to me that safety organization has responsibility for all safety related accident investigations, our Oda process, and also responding to any employee concerns. Thank you. Sue Thank You, mr. chairman senator Klobuchar, Thank You mr. chairman, and thank you to Senator Cantwell I also want to give my sincere sincere thanks to the people who are here who lost their loved ones in these two crashes. I think you know you are here not only for them, and it must be hard to hear all of these technical issues when you think of your brother or sister or father or mother or son or daughter, but I want you to know that we want to get to the bottom of this, and we want to change this, so I guess might I'd start with where Senator Thune I was going with the FAA and Boeing and this relationship. A recent Inspector General report found that only 4% of airline manufacturers, employees responsible for conducting the certification we're certified by the FDA that the FAA that they conducted oversight. The same report found that one manufacturer proved about 95% of certifications for their own aircraft. What can you tell us about the percentage of certifications that boeing conducts on its own aircraft? Senator I can't answer that number off the top of my head. I, don't know John if you have them at nine. I'd have to follow up yeah, okay, how many Boeing engineers both designed systems for the company and then certify those same systems for the FAA I'm, just trying to get at a safety check from the outside, so we have approximately a thousand insuring you two members that work not just in system what percentage of them then certified the safety as opposed to having the FAA certified the same. Those are roughly a thousand. You know, members that are acting on behalf of the FAA to find compliance and that, but that's beyond just systems. This includes structures and propulsion, so it's across the whole airplane, senator just to clarify. We have about 50,000 engineers at Boeing, about a thousand of them are what we call operate in this area that John's referring to unit members. So these are members who have the authority and the training? Okay, why don't we we'll follow up and I I am trying to get at when the FAA steps in and when you certify yourself and we'll get that later. Two months after mr. Fortner sent these messages expressing safety concerns, he asked the FAA to remove mention of the MCATs. Automated flight control feature from the 737 max pilots, flight manual and training course change that the FAA approved in 2017, notably Indonesia's National Transportation Safety Committee report on the Lion air crash confirms that the pilots lack of knowledge of MCAS was one of the key reasons for the plane crash. How frequently are new automated systems left out of the manual and training that you give to pilots? Senator first of all, one of the things we've learned from both of these accidents is that we need to provide additional information on em Casta pilots. Just just to give you a context as we develop our training manuals. Our idea is to provide training on pilots, so they can respond to the effects of failures, as opposed to trying to diagnose failures. That's a very important distinction and so more information in the training manuals is not necessarily safer, but we've, as we understand from both of these accidents. We need to provide more information on em casts to enhance safety, but we do try to include information in the training manuals. It's acceptable to have pilots flying planes without knowing about these key automated flight systems. Senator again, our approaches is to train pilots on the the effects of a failure mode. So in this case that the M casts automation system when it fails, it fails in what we call a runaway stabilizer, uncommanded movement of the horizontal tail. That is, is what's in the training manual and we try to train pilots to respond to the effect of the failure, as opposed to diagnosing. Let me let me move on to two more quick things. After these terrible crashes have claimed 346 lives. Do you think it makes sense for these aircraft to be allowed to fly in some countries and not others, because the FAA says each country can make its own decision yeah? Well, senator we we respect the the jurisdiction of the regulatory authorities around the world. Do you think it's acceptable just say yes or no senator that's up to the regulatory authorities? That's not a decision that we can make. We respect the authority of the regulator, okay and you're, saying the same thing against I'm going to go with it. Yes, while there have been several factors that contributed to the plane crashes, one that is particularly troubling was highlighted in a recent article in The Washington Post, which found that the lion air had a faulty angle-of-attack sensor which gave pilots and airplane systems unreliable information the day before it crashed. Do you think that's a problem and what steps can be taken to change that senator in the in the case of the angle-of-attack disagree alert. We got the implementation wrong. I mentioned in my comments up front that we we made some mistakes. We made a mistake on that implementation. Once we discovered it, our engineering teams quickly convened a safety review board. They confirmed that it wasn't an operational safety issue and the FAA subsequently concurred with that. But nonetheless we got the implementation wrong and we've addressed the the faults in the process. We have fixed that and the angle-of-attack disagree alert will be standard implementation on all maxes going forward. Thank You senator Klobuchar senator Fischer Thank You, mr. chairman, I too, would like to recognize and offer my sympathies to the people that are here today and the people who are at home, who have lost loved ones in these crashes. I hope that we can get answers at this hearing and also in the future, so that these issues, these mistakes will not happen again and cause future loss of life. Mr. mellenburg, the joint Authority's technical review notes that Boeing made several other changes to the 737 max that differ from the earlier model, such as structural changes that would accommodate the new engines that were planned on the plane and other advanced technologies. Senator Thune touched on this with the delegated authority was Boeing delegated authority over the certification of those changes as well. A senator I I can't answer that question completely because, as you pointed out, there were a number of changes again. Those are done and evaluated jointly with the FAA. You know, John, you want to comment on any specifics. There there's approximately 92 certification plans associated with the max, which encompass all the different change to the airplane. The FAA reviewed approximately 80 of those initially and are you? Are you looking into those certification processes as part of your review of the 737 max Thunder? Yes, we are I, asked my board to set up an independent review committee headed by Admiral, Jim vos Gianni about five months ago, and that committee did its work provided inputs that were acting on and with the other authorities we're continuing to take a hard look at that and we look forward to taking action on those reports. Okay, also, the joint Authority's technical review included a recommendation that states quote if any flight control surface is used in a novel manner. The FAA should be directly involved. This is based on the observation that the FAA was not completely unaware of MCAS, but because information and discussions about M casts were so fragmented and they were delivered to disconnected groups within the process. It was difficult to recognize the impacts and the implications of this system. Do you agree that the communication between Boeing and the FAA is fragmented to the point that relevant information on M Cass was not provided to the agency? Is this what you were referring to and you talked about getting the balance right, senator I think you raised some very good points. There I do think one of the areas we can improve and we've seen it in the Jay ATR report and others is system-wide integration, cross system, integration amongst the different technical expertise, areas and improvements in documentation and communication. And again we found some areas there where we could have should have done better, improve your communication with the FAA senator I. Do do you think the FAA has a responsibility to also change its process, to improve communication, senator I believe I believe the FAA does, but I wouldn't say that's only the FAA is responsibility. We at Boeing need to make some improvements in communication, and we own that and we're committed to doing that. The Boeing 737 airplanes are based on a type certificate that was originally provided in 1967 I, believe, and it has been amended to address the different 737 models. Then that technical review notes that, to quote some elements of the design and certification remain rooted in the original 1967 certification of the Boeing 737 - 100 is Boeing. Are the FAA reviewed the elements of the 737 that are based in the 1967 certification for continued safety, when new models of the airplane are produced? Senator if I could ask John to field that question this under? As you know, the the there's a single type certificate for the 737, but as the design has evolved with each new generation of airplanes, the safety standards on which the airplane is designed to has have also evolved. Yes, there are some amendments that the design might reference back to an earlier amendment level, but those may be are likely changes that have not changed in the family of airplanes. Since the original design, an example might be some of the structural elements. However, we have stepped up in many areas voluntarily to later amendment levels to demonstrate that it still meets the latest standards in in compliance. Thank you. Senator Fischer senator Blumenthal Thank You mr. chairman, and thank you to both our witnesses to being here today and thank you most important to the relatives who have lost loved ones. If you could please stand so, we could. Thank you all. Thank you for being here. If you could just stand. Thank you end up good. If go ahead up and hold up the photographs that you brought you've been very kind. - I was going to ask that you hold up those photographs because I understand that for security purposes you can't during the hearing, but just for this short period of time, miss Muhlenberg, so thank you and if the timekeeper could start soon - Blumenthal's time over. Thank you very much to the family members senator Blumenthal. Thank you very much mr. chairman, mr. Muhlenberg, as I watched, those loved ones stand and frankly, as I reviewed this file over the past week or so again and as I sit here today, my anger has only grown. These loved ones lost lives because of an accident that was not only preventable, as the chairman said at the very start, but was the result of a pattern of deliberate concealment. Bowen came to my office shortly after these crashes and said they were the result of pilot error. Those pilots never had a chance. These loved ones never had a chance. They were in flying coffins as a result of Boeing deciding that it was going to conceal em casts from the pilots and the best evidence is this message from Marc Falkner saying in effect, we're going to conceal em Cass delete it from the from the manual used in training. When did you become aware of the fact that M Cass was not going to be included in the flying manual? Senator first, if a guy I could express my my deep sympathies for the you've done that and my time is limited I apologize for interrupting you, but I want to know specifically when you become became aware of this effort, senator I can't reference that email and I'm not asking about the email. You've been asked about the email already I'm, asking you about Boeing policy as reflected in this email, it's chief test pilot deciding he was going to mislead pilots, who were then going to take passengers into the air, these loved ones and turn those planes into flying. Coffins senator I'm, not sure what mr. Fortner meant by that email. I I can tell you that certification and training materials are not determined by one individual. Well, in fact, let me just interrupt you again in the over 1600 page original flight manual of Boeing 737 max the aircraft's new M cast computer system was mentioned only once once in 1,600 pages, in the glossary of abbreviated terms. So when Boeing came to us- and they said it's- the pilot, inexperienced pilots, you were lying to us as well senator if I could try to respond to your question. First of all, the the premise that that we would lie or conceal it's just not consistent with our values. Well, I know it's not consistent with the values that are you're articulating here, but let me just since my time is limited move on. Would you agree that this system of certification and oversight is absolutely broken? That's the lesson here, isn't it that Boeing lobbied the Congress for more delegation, and now we have to reverse that delegation of authority. Would you support those legislative efforts? Senator again I I support, taking a hard look at the delegator I'm, not asking you for a hard look, I'm asking you for a commitment here, because you have the opportunity to make things right: senator I'm not familiar with particular legislation, but now Cohen asked for working and supporting going asked for the legislation that exists right now. Will you commit to supporting reform efforts such as many of us on the committee of advocating senator will commit to participating in those reform efforts and providing our inputs well. I agree that your input would be valuable, I'm looking for input in support of reform that will stop outsourcing by the FAA and I might just add. The FAA has been really disappointing and it's disclosure to us. This is an example of the kind of disclosure the FAA has given us. Total redaction I've asked for full disclosure of documents. The FAA has failed to provide them. I've asked for the FAA to return my phone calls. It's failed to do so and I think the FAA is part of this problem as well, and it is the result, at the end of the day of Boeing, rushing this process I'm using the Chairman's term, putting profits over safety. Rushing the certification process with you in charge of that certification and prioritizing speed and cost over safety, and my time has expired, but the folks who really deserve time here are the people who lost loved ones, and thank you, let's do this. This poster is entitled MCATs lives in both FCC's. If you can provide a copy of that, we'll admit it into the record. At this point without objection, thank you and mr. Hamilton me just ask you when it says MCATs does live in both FCC's. What what does that mean sure? Certainly so briefly, the the MKS function is replicated in the two flight control, computers that are on board the airplane, and so each flight control computer previously received its input from one a Oh, a sensor on the left or right side in the software changes we're making going forward. Now, both flight control computers will receive the data from both sensors compare it and only if they agree they like to be okay. Thank you, suture Moran, mr. chairman Thank You, mr. Mullen did did you? Have you determined that the failures that resulted in the tragic consequences were they failures in the policies and protocols that Boeing had in place, or was it a failure to comply with those protocols and policies that resulted in these consequences? Yeah senator? In some cases we relied on on these long-standing industry standards policies and certified to those and and we're now raising questions around those that gets back to this pilot response time, discussion that we had earlier in. In some cases we we missed on implementation, as I mentioned earlier with the angle-of-attack sensor. But overall we did follow the certification process and steps, but nonetheless, we've we've learned from both of these accidents and the the fixes that we need to make are clear. So the fixes are both in policy and then making certain that the policies are followed once they're, the new policies are in place. Senator I believe that both are true. Yes, thank you and I assume, there's other certification and just developments at Boeing that are always ongoing. Have you changed your behavior and/or policies for a certification and development process for other pieces of equipment, other aircraft? That boeing is now proceeding toward certification at senator? We have and we're going to continue to change. We, as I said we have learned, but we're still learning I mentioned earlier. The change to our safety review board structure. That is a big substantive change. The stand up of our new safety organization, the realignment of our engineering team, those fifty thousand engineers we're also taking a look at some of those long-standing assumptions behind how we design. As we look at next-generation products like the triple 7x as an example. So we are taking a comprehensive approach to those updates, as this committee looks certainly a certification as we look at the FAA. What suggestions does Boeing have for this committee when you look at any policies or failures at the FAA, so the way I would view this? Is we have two major organizations involved in this process? One is the manufacturer Boeing. The other is the federal agency that is there to certify. My assumption is that neither one did things right, and what have you learned about the FAA that we should know as we look at the FAA now and in the future, senator we have a. We have a great deal of respect for the FAA I personally worked with the FAA for many years, have a great deal of respect for them and their professionals I know. The FAA is also taking a hard look at all of the reports and inputs and investigations and is committed to making changes. I think you've heard that from Administrator Dixon. If you have suggestions what changes the FAA should make, senator I don't have specific recommendations for you, but we'd be glad to follow up on that. If it be useful. Thank you. Where are we now in the 737 max? It seems like every week there's a report that an airline is going to believe they're going to have that plane flying again or that certification is, is nearby yeah. What is the status senator we're in the the final stage of the stages of the process? So we are currently testing the final software updates when ready and with the FAA s approval we'll proceed to a certification flight in the near term, subsequent to that be the FAA s, responsibility to evaluate that and issue an airworthiness directive. That's all work that we're proceeding on over the next few weeks and and months, but I think it's important again that the airplane will return to service when it's safe right. This is not going to be timeline driven. We are committed to answering every question the regulators have and the airplane will fly when everyone is convinced it's safe. That is the most important thing here. It it troubles me that to get to that point I, is it certainly not that it's taking so long I want the result that you just described. We want the right circumstance before we're flying again, but it suggests to me that there were much more significant problems with the max 37 if it was previously certified and yet now it takes so long, it's something more than just a glitch. It's something more than just a minor change that makes me concerned about the process that allowed it to be certified in the first place. What am I missing, senator I think you raised a very good point. Our initial effort, early this year, was focused on the MKS updates that we've already talked about around the middle of the year, as we were evaluating all of the other inputs and data. We identified some additional safety enhancements that we could make not something that was required for certification, but something that we thought while the airplane was was grounded, was the right thing to do and a safety enhancement, and rather than waiting to do that later. After return to service, we as a company and with the FAA, decided that we would take the extra time for those additional software updates and that's the work we've been doing through the summer and into the fall. That's designed to add additional software redundancies throughout the flight control computers, and that is the final software we're testing. What I want to convey here is. This is really the culture of Boeing and I understand the questions that are being raised, but when our teams find opportunity to improve safety that goes to the top of the list, that's the top priority, and if it takes time it takes money to do that. That's where we're focused and and that's why it's taking longer that I think some anticipate I'd request your follow up on your thoughts about the FAA. Thank you. Thank you. Senator Moran senator Markey senator Udall, senator Peters, Thank You mr. chairman, and let me begin also by expressing my sympathies to those who lost loved ones in the two 737 max crashes and I'd, like to thank the families that are that are here today for your continued attention to safety and for working to prevent future tragedies like we saw here over the years. Our aviation system has become the safest in the world, but these tragedies certainly remind us that we cannot rest safety cannot be taken for granted. There is no doubt from what we've been hearing in the testimony here today that this technology becomes increasingly complex. The bait about how to move forward can't be simply about a one-size-fits-all regulatory regime versus a let the free market, just police itself type of approach. I believe a new paradigm may need to be developed to address the the regulatory challenges associated with very complex technology, and that's something this committee needs to weigh in very heavily and too as we as we move forward. Mr. Rotenberg, as you know, the the BP oil disaster in the Gulf of Mexico killed 11 workers lasted 87 days and cost upwards of sixty five billion dollars, and in the wake of that disaster it was revealed that the oil and gas industry had lobbied for the reduced safety precautions that could have prevented that disaster. We often hear in Congress about how much regulations cost industry. However, thoughtful regulation plays an incredibly important role in protecting the public, so I'm curious, if Boeing's view on oversight, has changed in the wake of this tremendous human tragedy, as well as the cost that this company is facing. Right now is your view. Change you've talked in earlier in response to an earlier question about having a balance. Clearly, something is wrong with that balance. Please let me know if your thoughts have changed recently senator my thoughts have have changed. We have learned lessons from these two accidents and the families that are here with us today. The pictures we saw they're heartbreaking. They remind us of the importance of the work we do and the the paramount importance on safety. That's what makes this industry great and strong oversight is part of the fabric of our industry always has been and I think. This should give us pause to take. Take a hard look at that. Well, I heard the hard look. You said we need to look at the balance as the balance gone too far, - allowing industry to police itself, senator I, don't know if I can characterize it. That way. My sense is that will have the same objective here. We all want the safest industry possible. That is our our objective, and my sense is that we could look at the balance that there are refinements that would be worthy I. Think you know technology. You think it's out of balance now he's based on what happened here. Do you think we we have to just take a look at it, but seriously understand that the balance is I may be out of whack if we delegate too much to industry and don't have a impartial eyes and make sure the regulatory regime is sufficient, that you truly have impartial eyes looking at these factors, but it's gonna save lives and you won't put a company through the cost that you have you when you balance those regulations. Is it out of balance right now, yes or no as Senator again I think it can be improved. I I completely agree with you on the importance of strong oversight. Yeah I've worked in this industry for more than three decades from airplanes to spacecraft. People's lives depend on what we do and and strong oversight from the government is a key to our our successful the safety of our industry. So I think we have a shared objective there and we will. We will work with you on examining any improvements we can make. We have a mutual interest. Mr. Rob Lurie, the NTSB report indicated that the FAA and industry have historically used highly trained test. Pilots to verify the safety of new aircraft models, rather than average pilots, who typically have less experience, does Boeing use pilots with average training and experience. Senator our Boeing test. Pilots are experienced highly qualified pilots. We work with with Airlines the FAA the regulators to bring other pilots in from around the world as part of the evaluation, but I think as you're pointing out as we look to the future again, we want to make sure that the testing we're doing is representative of the of that future pilot population. Thank you. Thank you. Souter Peters senator Caputo Thank You mr. chairman I. Thank the ranking member as well. I want to say, first of all, to the families who are here my extending my sympathies, but also my gratitude for you coming forward through your pain, to bring to us to Congress, which is not an easy thing to do. Your frustrations and and and probably stronger feelings and the loss of your loved ones. I will say that when Colgan flight 3407 went down in Buffalo in in the early 2009, the families that came forward to us I was on Transportation Committee and the House side made such an incredible impact, and it's made flying on our regional airlines much much safer because of that. So hopefully that's that will be what what the result of this is for you today and for all of us mr. mellenburg. Particular attention has been called to the fact that Boeing later in the development process of the Mac's revised the range of flight conditions that could lead to activation of the MCATs, but that Boeing did not notify the FAA of these changes at the time. This is troubling if, in fact, this is true- was Boeing not obligated by the FF FAA to report changes like the ones I just described as Senator I believe you're, referring to the low-speed extension of M kes and I've seen those same reports, but they do not reflect the the facts. The extension of M cast slow speeds was done in a rigorous way. It was done in a very visible way. There was testing done on that from the mid 2016 timeframe to the early 2017 timeframe, including flight tests, including flight tests with the FAA on board. The FAA was aware of the low-speed extension and ultimately certified that and I believe FAA leadership has published publicly stated. So that's an it's a false report, then I believe it's a false report. I believe the low speed extension was fully certified with the FAA okay. Another report that's been out in the media, and, among is that, after the second flight went down that boeing actually actively lobbied the faa to keep the planes in the air. Can you respond to that senator? Could you just clarify your question, sir? After the second plane went, the Ethiopian air went down that there was quite several countries had expressed a had a limited the flight of the of that plane. We had not done that yet in the United States there's media reports that Boeing was actively lobbying the FAA to keep the planes in the air at that time in this country. Is that true senator? Let me let me clarify what was happening in that timeframe. Did you make it brief? Please? Yes, we immediately after that accident reached out to the FAA and right other regulatory authorities to understand what happened in the accident. What has made aviation safe is that we make decisions based on data. At that point we didn't have data, and so we, with the FAA, we're looking to understand what happened. There were early reports that the airplane had some kind of a low-speed low altitude problem that turned out to be incorrect. So we with the FAA, were pursuing data to make a good safety based decision. That was our position with the FAA. When data became available satellite data that was referred to in the media. Again with the FAA, we came to a conclusion that there could be similarities between the two accidents and that led very quickly to a decision to ground the fleet. Well, I think you know in retrospect, I think it was pretty obvious and I don't want to say conclusively so, but there's a problem and a consistent problem. The other thing that's really bothered me about this whole thing and I questioned this and they'll, and the last committee hearing that we haven't between the Lion Air client crash and the Ethiopian air crash. It defies logic to me that some of these folks who wrote emails or sent text messages did not come to you and to the expertise of the engineering of these engines and and of these planes and say this is what we were talking about. Why was there any reaction at all like that within your company after the lion, air crash and I? Don't tell me, because you didn't have the official report that would maybe saved those people in that Ethiopian air point senator I, think about that decision over and over every day, and if we knew everything back then that we know now, we would have made a difference. Okay. The question then didn't people come to you at the highest levels at any level and say wait a minute. This is sounding familiar, sir. Well senator after the first accident, we we convened our broad technical team across Boeing. It wasn't any single individuals or a small team. It was a broad team. We brought all those experts to bear trying to assemble data from the accident understanding what occurred we quickly with the FAA issued a an operational bullet to our bulletin, to remind everyone of the training and the emergency scenario that around that particular system around what we called runaway stabilizer, which again it was the effect of that system and at the same time we began work on an EM cast software update in that timeframe. So the interest yes Thank You. Mr. chairman, just one point of clarification, are you saying mr. Muhlenberg? The FAA did know about the 2.5 trim, not 0.6, but 2.5. The FAA knew about that. Yes, senator you're, referring to the the low-speed extension, which is the two point five degree trim yeah. That is the low-speed extension the FAA did know about that. Thanks participated, senator udall, Thank You mr. chairman, and thank you to the ranking member for having this hearing and mr. Muhlenberg. You know. I first want to say to all the people that stood up that I'm very moved by you being here, and the your losses are very, very I, think heartfelt across the committee here, and you know the thing that really bothers me is knowing that it's preventable. It makes it even more outrageous that we haven't made the kind of dramatic changes that I want to talk to the CEO here about mr. Muhlenberg, you showed some emotion when these folks stood up and everything. What should come from that emotion is some action to do something, to really make a difference and for this committee to coalesce around the solution, that's really going to move us forward would require you to step forward and specifically say what you support and I haven't seen you do that in all the questioning you've been asked over and over again. What would you support? I mean it's absolutely clear that it's too cozy a relationship with the FAA and your airline, and so what is it? You're gonna commit to specifically in terms of reform. That's why you're up here and that's what we want to see you do is to weigh in with us. This is what would make a difference. This is what would make it safer. This is what would make sure that we don't lose the passengers like this in the future or the nor the crew senator while I respectfully don't agree with the characterization of coziness with the FAA. We respect the independent oversight of the FAA and and that's very important to us from a safety principle standpoint. We have taken a number of internal actions that we think are meaningful as they relate to our own internal reforms on safety. We are engaged in the legislative process and Senator I I appreciate your invitation for us to to be involved in that I know. There are many stakeholders, as you heard from me earlier, we are committed to strong oversight in the aerospace industry. It's part of what makes this the system safe. We have a shared objective and if there are things we can do to make it better, we will I, don't know if John, if you have any specific Thank You senator. You know, I would say that you know one of the big issues was we made you use an industry standard assumption on pilots and how they would react, and that proved incorrect in these two accidents. So in terms of things that I think we need to change the FAA is we need to go revisit some of these or get Tory guidances and make sure that they're up to date, I, would even tell you, there's probably some regulations that we advocated as part of the FAA reauthorization bill, 10 regulations said FAA should work with industry to update based on technology. That's out there today well, but in terms of hosting us I used to be the lead administrator for the OTA and I can tell you that we have a respectful relationship with the FAA, but we do have our differences of opinion sometimes, but we discussed those, we work it out on what how we're going to comply and it it's not a cozy relationship. It's a it's a professional relationship, it's a relationship that didn't work for the consumers in this and for your employees that went down in those flights you and others in your company blamed the deceased, pilots and the culture of the countries where the crashes occurred for the accidents. But from what we've seen in the last year since the first crash, it appears that Boeing's own culture is more blame worthy for installing a faulty system that resulted in too many deaths and could have caused more. This culture starts at the top, and that's why I've been asking you for the specifics of what you support and I hope. After this hearing you will come forward and when there's legislation out there say this is gonna, make it better and come up here and spend some time to build the consensus to get this done, because I I think the large powerful interests that are a part of this don't want any reform. They want you to tinker around like you're talking about, but they don't want to see any reform. If Boeing could not guarantee that pilots were prepared to fly these jets, your company should not have sold them. Did anyone at Boeing question hesitate or raise any issues prior to selling the 737 max eight, with this software to Lyon air or Ethiopian air senator first, we we look forward to responding to your your request there and providing inputs on the on their reforms. To your question. We do rely on the on the airlines and the regular taury authorities around the world as part of this integrated system to make sure we're fielding airplanes and crews that can fly safely. I do think it's important for me to clarify a point that you made earlier. We have not blamed the pilots and I know that's been reported, but that is not our company position and it never will be. We are responsible for our airplanes. We are responsible and we own that, regardless of cause any accident with one of our airplanes, is unacceptable. Well, that's gonna change is welcome, but that that about the culture went out from your company early on Thank You. Mr. chairman Thank You senator Udall. Let's do this at this point. Mr. mellenburg, that the jeder published 12 main recommendations will we'll both of you get back to us on the record and tell you Boeing's position with regard to these 12 recommendations. Senator we will thank you. Senator Markey is next Thank You. Mr. chairman, let me begin by recognizing the families who lost so much on this flight. Many of you are here today, including Michael, Stu Moe and Nadia Miller on the parents of Samia Stu Moe University of Massachusetts Amherst graduate and a resident of Sheffield Massachusetts, who was tragically killed on the ethiopian flight. The losses that of the stumail family and all of the families suffered is absolutely inexcusable, and we will remember that, as we are moving forward in the drafting of legislation, we will do it in the memory of your families. One thing is clear: to make sure that safety is our top top priority is to guarantee that every aviation safety measure is built into every plane and that it is never for sale. Unfortunately, our current laws only prevent aircraft manufacturers from like Boeing from selling critical safety elements for an additional price. Existing rules allow companies to charge extra, but non-critical safety enhancing features and bowing actually does charge more for those technologies. The 737 max aircraft involved in the Indonesian and Ethiopian crashes lacked to to safety, enhancing features, an angle of attack indicator and a disagree light both of these technologies would have helped. The pilots recognize. The faulty sensor readings were causing the planes automated flight control system to push the aircraft's nose down towards the ground. With that knowledge, the pilots may have been able to take more effective action to prevent these crashes. In fact, the Indonesian crash report released last week specifically cited the lack of a disagree like on the 737 max as contributing to the lion air tragedy. Shamefully, the law allows Boeing to treat these safety technologies as a Lockett add-ons that airlines can obtain only by paying an extra fee. A la Cotte add on safety, not like XM radio, all leather seats on a plane. Safety is a la Cotte. Safety is an added on feature. These tragic crashes have made it all too clear that there should not be any distinction between critical and non-critical safety, enhancing features, and that's why I've introduced my safety is not for sale legislation. My bill will require aircraft manufacturers like Boeing to offer I'll provide any technology that measurably enhances safety without an additional charge to airline carriers. If you believe that that safety should never be for sale, the question is: why was it now? You've seemed to now recognize that the disagree light should be standard, but you have yet to say the same thing about the angle of attack indicator and whether or not that should be offered for free all. Whether or not each airline should be given the option of not building it into the plane for free, so I think your you have to make a decision here in terms of where you're going to go, because otherwise you're disagree. Light is still on coming from Boeing towards these safety features. So I want, first of all to have you answer whether or not you according to The Wall Street Journal. You agree that Boeing did not originally include the disagree. Light on the 737, even though the same technology was standard on prior models of airplanes. Is that correct, a senator feel they need to respond to your earlier point about selling safety? We don't sell safety that that is not our business model and I do want to clarify your your points on the angle of attack indicator. That is a system that we have offered as an option to Airlines. Some airlines don't want it. It's it's not necessarily a safety improvement. It actually takes up space on the flight. Deck displays and more information on the displays is not necessarily safer. So that is not a safety feature on the angle of attack. Disagree no I'm saying you should not offer it for a price. You should give the option to the airline without any price attachment. Do you agree to do that? Senator yes, and in fact, we've already announced that the angle of attack disagree alert will be on all Macs airplanes going forward standard and the angle of attack indicator will be available as an optional dollar. So given, given your stated support for the principle behind my legislation, will you support my legislation that ensures that you offer to provide any technology that measurably enhances safety without an additional fee to analyze? Would you agree to support that legislation? Senator I haven't seen the specific legislation. I think the principle around focusing on safety as a top priority is I. Agree with that and it's a worthy principle and I'd ask if we could take a look at at legislate he's just reward is free to an airline for anything that measurably impact safety. Do you agree yeah we don't sell safety and that's not our business model. Thank you. Thank You senator Markey searcher Duckworth, Thank You mr. Thank You mr. chairman, so I'm gonna try to put some of the issues here into layman's terms. I went to first, of course, my sincere condolences to the families who are here, but also to the families in Ethiopia and in Indonesia, who are watching this hearing and we'll be watching this hearing. I don't speak amharic, but for the Indonesians kepada cleric Loran Cohen young Dan, orin orin, Indonesia, selamat, datang dan saya ingin member tau and Abajo kami senator akan sebenarnya manually Deacon, Pena Bob tried to deter me and what I just said was. We will, as senators get to the bottom of this tragedy, and we will continue to investigate this. We will not stop because you see Boeing sells its aircraft to the world and we in America have a well well own reputation as leaders in aviation in the world and I want us to reach that shining example. Once again, pilots know that tragedies don't occur in a vacuum. Catastrophic outcomes result in long succession of failures that often overwhelm the pilots at the control of the aircraft. We call it in aviation the accident chain and there are many links, an accident chain that must happen, that it eventually overwhelms the pilots a new result in the crash. Many of these links, an accident chain happened with Boeing and your decisions in the development of the end of the 737 max. So let me talk about what has happened here. You put a sensor on the inside. Their coverage is standard, but you allow that sensor to override the pilots input in this system, so in every other 737 aircraft there is the function of the you can pull back the the pilot to cut out and that will override that uncommanded nose-down attitude. That is standard. That is the basic assumption. As you put and as you said, you use an industry standard on how a pilot would react because to a malfunction like that I command, it nose down every pilot, including helicopter pilots. You pull back, but what you did. We should put an M cast system into an aircraft. You didn't tell that pilots that this M cast system was in there and you put in a function in order to M cast to work the way you want it to work after the pilot does two uncommanded reaction to the uncommanded nose down in every other 737 cut out. That's the end of it. In the end, the 737 max after five seconds, their system resets, and it pushes the nose right back down. The pilots had exactly three seconds to pull nose down pull up. Now we got to do a new procedure that did not exist in previous 737 models, which is the electronic cutout switch, because you have now put into a system that overrides the pilot in command of that aircraft. So you've been telling this committee that, yes, you use basic pilot reactions. That is true, but you've not been telling this committee the whole truth time and again, this is my frustration. Boeing has not told the whole truth to this committee and to the families and to the people looking at this. Yes, the pilots did exactly what they were supposed to do, but five seconds later, especially if that sensor is still stuck, it overrides what the pilot does and it pushes the nose right back down again three seconds. The pilots best friend is time and altitude and on takeoff there is no altitude and it's got no time. You set those pilots up for failure and when I sent you a letter asking you to answer several questions, it took Boeing over five months to respond to my question. I only got the answers. The day before you and I met, and one of the questions I asked was what date did Boeing discover that a stock angle-of-attack veined would result in MKS issuing persistent commands with unlimited authority to trim the airplane nose down in layman's terms. If this vein is stuck, MCATs will continue to provide faulty directions and will keep pushing that nose down over and over and over again, no matter how many time and experience 737 pilot pulls back on the yoke five seconds later reset nose back down. You know in 2016, you knew in 2016 that this was happening and your team at Boeing decided. We didn't need to fix that because of well understood piloting techniques and procedures, but the problem is that well under supply, lifting technique and procedures is to pull back and that's it, but you added something else you put in a system, and you didn't tell pilots about, and then you put in an override by resetting the system. Five seconds later boeing is the company that built the flying fortress that saved Europe. I. Remember watching b-17s fly overboard above the it is a story aircraft that it has rescued the free world, and yet you knew about these problems and you continue to put them into system the system into place, and when we asked you about to answer these questions, you have told this committee and you've told me half-truths over and over again, including in that meeting. This is why I am so upset. You've not told us the whole truth and these families are suffering because of it. Thank You, senator Duckworth members of the committee. At this point, senator Scott is deferring his time to the chairman of the subcommittee senator Cruz you're, recognized sir for five minutes. Thank You, mr. chairman mr. mellenburg I I, have to say the testimony here today has been quite dismayed. I want to focus on the text exchange that has been referred to and has been publicly reported on. This was a text exchange between mark Forkner, who was then Boeing's technical pilot for the Mac's chief technical pilot for the Mac's and mr. Gustafson, who in 2018 was promoted to being Boeing's 737 chief technical pilot. Is that right, I believe that's the case, senator yeah, so this exchange is stunning. Mr. Forkner, Oh, shocker alert, em Cass is now active down to m2 it's running rampant in the sim on me at least that's what Vince thinks it's happening. Gusterson's responds oh great. That means we have to update the speed, trim, description and volume. Two mr. Faulkner. So basically I lied to the regulator's unknowingly Gusterson. It wasn't a lie. No one told us that was the case. Fork nur I'm leveling off at like 4,000 feet, two hundred and thirty knots and the plane is trimming itself like crazy I'm, like what Gusterson that's what I saw and sim1, but on approach I think that's wrong. Fourtner granted I suck at flying, but even this was egregious. That exchange describes what happened in Lion, air and Ethiopian air, the men and women who are gathered here with the photos of your loved ones. Three hundred and forty six people are dead because what these chief pilots described as egregious and crazy, that's their language. That's Boeing's internal language in this exchange. Now what I find truly stunning boeing handed this exchange over to the Department of Justice in February in March I chaired a hearing of the aviation subcommittee on these two crashes. Boeing did not see fit to give this committee that exchange, nor did Boeing, give it to the FAA or the Department of Transportation. But what I find most stunning is your testimony here today that you said you first learn to this exchange a couple of weeks ago. These are senior leaders at Boeing in exchange, saying and I will quote again. So I basically lied to the regulator's, look I practice law a lot of years. You had your lawyers, look over this document and they read a senior leader after these crashes has occurred, saying they lied to the regulator's mr. Muhlenberg, how in the hell did nobody bring this to your attention in February when you produce this a Department of Justice? How did you just read this a couple of weeks ago, senator again to clarify my earlier comments? I was made aware of the existence of this kind of document, this issue as part of that discovery process in the investigation early in the year, as you pointed out at that point, I counted on my council to handle that appropriately and did you read this exchange that look I was made aware documents were being produced that is passive voice and and disclaiming responsibility, you're the CEO, the buck stops with you. Did you read this document and how did your team not put it in front of you run in with their hair on fire saying we got a real problem here. How did that not happen, and what does that say about the culture at Boeing? If they didn't give it to you, and you didn't read it it? If you didn't say, I want to read and see what happened. Your testimony here earlier today is well we're not sure what they were talking about because he's not at Boeing anymore. How did you not in February, set out a 9 alarm fire to say we need to figure out exactly what happened, not after all the hearings, not after the pressure but because 346 people have died and we don't want another person to die Thunder, as you mentioned, I didn't see the details of this exchange until recently and we're not quite sure what mr. Fortner meant by that exchange. His his lawyer has suggested he was talking about a simulator that was in development in that time period. That's where he working that could be the case. We don't know I, fully support diving deep into this and understanding what he said and what he meant. But I could also tell you that, in that same timeframe, where his original message was made, mr. Gustafson still works at Boeing corrector. He, yes, he does have you had that conversation with it sundar. My team has talked with Patrick as well. Have you had that conversation with it sundar right, I have not thank you. Thank you. Senator Cruz senator tester, all right. Let's do this, the entire post for senator Cruz. If you can have that reduced in size- and we will enter into the record without objection at this point so ordered there's your tester Thank You. Mr. chairman I, want to thank you and the ranking member for having this hearing and I know for the two folks on the panel this morning it was probably a painful morning for you, but the fact is it's infinitely more painful for the folks that are sitting a couple rows behind you. You have said many times mr. Mullin burger that mistakes were made and obviously they were, unfortunately that admission was made after 346 people died and there are a lot of reasons. An airplane can go down whether it's a pilot, air weather equipment, malfunction or birds, but safety should not be one of them and in a previous question you said you guys don't sell safety and I'll be honest with you. I didn't listen to the whole thing, but you damn well better sell safety. I fly four legs a week and there's a lot not for the grace of God. It could have been me on one of those airplanes and we expect we expect there to be safety. Obviously something went wrong and it's not the first time there's the MCAS of a situation here that was pointed out, as several people on this committee have already pointed out to you and nothing was done or to your leadership team. There was a South Carolina whistle blow that talked about de de breeze being debris being left in the planes they were, those technicians were removed, there's a kc-46 finding wrench bolts and trash inside a new airplane, so that was in June of this year. There was a cargo 777, you get the deal it goes on and and so the question is the one that Senator Udall brought up, that you didn't answer and I. Think other people in this committee also brought it up, and that is what do we do? What do you do so I'll be a little more specific I do believe. There's a cozy relationship and I. Don't believe that, quite frankly, time and money are no object, because there's also plenty of examples. For example, in 2014 FAA made regulatory changes to safety standards that would have required changes. The max2 add new crew alerts, Boeing appealed it to the FAA for seek an exemption arguing. There would cost too much money, 10 billion dollars, which was a lot of money, but the truth is is that it wouldn't happen if FAA would have been doing their job, and it also wouldn't have happen if you would have known what the hell is going on. So my question is: is that and I know there was a push a number of decades ago about privatization of federal government and I. Think that's. How we got here is privatization of government, but why don't we just turn over the certification back to the FAA and let them do it and then they would be the one sitting at this desk a day and not you. Why not do that? Well, senator we share we share your focus on safety and I can I can confidently say that that is our number-one priority: okay, cool, but we've failed in this case and there's a whole bunch of people back there that are going through incredible anguish because we failed sit, senator I, I, agree and, and we we feel so Elizabeth. Let's get our question and look: there's I can pivot with the best of them. I know how to pivot I know when people are pivoting, you're pivoting tell me if you would port having the FAA do the certification senator. We believe that delegated authority process that we have today that has contributed to improve safety over the last two decades. Okay I mentioned earlier. We are open to improving it, but the idea that we can tap the deep technical expertise of our companies across the aerospace industry is a valuable part of the certification process. But the FAA is the certification Authority and should be, and should continue to be well, but but but they really aren't, the truth is. Is you can say that they have the ultimate responsibility, but the truth is if the issues aren't flagged by the ODA, but are your people by your people doing the certification, the FAA? Never does it because, quite frankly, it would cost some more money to have the FAA do the certification and by the way it's cost you money. So we could charge you for that certification to help pay for it, so it would have no reflection on the taxpayers, so the question becomes I'm gonna tell you what when when, when the FAA says, you didn't need to do this and you come in and say no, you don't need to do this, it's fine! If nothing happens, but when 350 people die, we got a problem and he bring up the point that senator Cruz brought up. That there was plenty of information out there on this and nothing was done, and so so the whole thing about it. You know when it comes to safety time and money or no object is not. The record certainly doesn't show that Senator I understand your points and criticism and I think it's true that we operate in a very competitive world and we are the only large airplane commercial airplane maker left in the United States. We do have competitive pressures around the world, but I can also tell you that never takes precedence over safety, but it does this model. Look at airplanes. I think it absolutely could be argued that it did in this case and and I heard, senator Duckworth questions and Boeing has had an incredibly valuable name, but I I've got to tell you and I. Think I told you guys this in office some time ago. I would walk before I was to get on a 737 max I would walk, there's no way and the question becomes when issues like this happen. It costs your company huge, and so you shouldn't be cutting corners and icy corners being cut, and this committee is gonna have to do something to stop that from happening. Thank You, mr. chairman, Thank You senator tester I'm gonna, ask that mr. Muhlenberg answer on the record. His opinion of the current bode a system whether it should be modified. An answer to Senator testers question senator Johnson a mr. chairman. Let me add my condolences to the surviving family members and friends of the victims of these tragedies and mr. Muhlenberg. Among many failures that strikes me, there are two primary failures, first and foremost in the original design and certification process and then, secondly, in the reaction after the first crash. Well, let's concentrate on those two things. Tell me if I'm getting this right, the 737 very successful airframe new, more fuel-efficient engines were available, and so you wanted to include that in an upgrade of that airframe, correct new fuel, efficient engines and some other enhancements and those fuel efficient engines create a different air dynamic for that aircraft. Correct that's correct. Is the EM caste systems that a standard type of automatic pilot type of software system on planes is that is that pretty standard to have something like that? Senator the the MKS system that we have on the max is unique to that airplane. So it was. It was put in there specifically, because you added a different type of engine to a known error, successful airframe, which made that less stable and requires some kind of state, as you call today, run, run away stabilizing system senator if I can clarify that the the 737 family has a system called the speed trim system and the M Casson is an extension of that system. That's unique for the max, but but even unique because of that added engine design, we tailor the the the software of each one of our airplanes so that they optimize the handling qualities for the unique airplane configuration but again going into the introduction of this 737 Matz. You realize that that airframe was changed because those engines and required this mcat system for stabilization. That was one of the additions we made to create the handling qualities we wanted for the pilots. We also made some changes to things like the the vortex generators on the wing, so it's an integrated solution to create again. You are well aware that this design change created something that required an AM cast system. So now fast-forward you have. You have the lion air tragedy, according to senator Cruz, the email that he sent up there, which I believe was written on November, 15 2016, just a couple weeks after that lion air crash, there are people, it sure appears in some in Boeing that knew exactly or certainly suspected what went wrong because they integrated in the design. You had an EM cast system to take care of this. This eventualities, the flight characteristic wrecked the senator again I'm I'm, not exactly sure what was meant by that traffic, that email traffic but I, can tell you in that timeframe. It seems pretty obvious. Doesn't it I mean? Doesn't it mean, doesn't seem pretty obvious I mean again you you are eros I mean you are engineers. You understand how this was designed. You understood you needed an EM cast system to make up for that instability, and then something happened. Pretty well, I would think diagnosed. Pretty fast, I mean again I'm. Reading these things, I'm, not a pilot I'm, not an aerospace engineer, and yet I'm scratching my head going whoa something really wrong happened. You know a whole lot. Why didn't you react faster, well, senator completely separate from that email, traffic and what it might mean our team very quickly after the lion air accident assembled with the regulators, we evaluated the data from the accident. We saw that M Cass was involved, and- and so we began to take quick action immediately. It doesn't have to do with email that that's not relevant to that discussion. Our team was immediately identified, which is exactly my point: the fact that it took another tragedy to actually ground the airplane, so you could actually have a true a fix. That worked is I. Think really what's on the table here, and the diagnosis is why why didn't we react? Why didn't we ground that aircraft? A lot sooner still another tragedy wouldn't happen and senator. We have asked that question over and over and and you know, if we knew everything back then that we know now, we would have made a different decision- the the decision that was made on that at that point, with the data we had, we quickly convened a safety review board the FAA coming out of that confirmed the continuing air worthiness of the airplane and and issued that officially. That was the safety case that was built but senator as you point out, we've we've learned from the second accident and if we could go back, we would have made a different decision and- and we have learned we are making those improvements to M casts and that's where our focus is going forward. Well, Boeing is an important company. It's important for our economy. I want to see you get this right, but you have you have to properly diagnosis. You have to accept its responsibility for what happened, so you we actually can make those those changes both in within Boeing, also within the FAA Thank You. Mr. chairman, thank you senator Johnson, senator Rosen. Thank you and I want to thank all the families that are here today who have lost their most precious loved ones. Their deaths should not be in vain and we all have to do every bit of our part together to make sure that we prevent future tragedies from happening and in order to honor the memories of these 346 Souls and the empty chairs that they will leave behind this Thanksgiving and Christmas, and on and on and on, and so you said, additional information wasn't available. I want to touch a little bit on MKS and Brazil. According to news reports, when the Brazilian National Civil Aviation Aviation agency came to the US and 2017 to test out the max eight, they determined that changes made to the old 737 were significant enough, that they needed much more information from Boeing and we're going to provide it for their pilots when they eventually published their pilot training requirements. They were therefore able to flag the EM. Cass is one of the changes the pilots needed to take into consideration when flying the max eight and yet for United. States, pilots, mmm Cass, wasn't mentioned in their manual, so mr. mellenburg, why was this information not flagged for your other customers who had 737 maxes in their fleet? Did you prevent your company from sharing these differences to other regulatory bodies or operators? I have here the Brazilian manual, they decided their pilots should learn this, and why, wouldn't you provide it to the United States pilots? Senator I I can't comment on the details of the Brazilian document. John maybe be able to, but let me more broadly make the point that that's exactly how the process is is supposed to work. We provide information. We we evaluate with the with the regulator's in the various jurisdictions what should be included in the training. We have no desire to hide features of the airplane, that pilot back to you, and it was significant enough for them to put this in their manual. Then why? Wouldn't you consider that it was a significant change in senator I, understand your point, and that was a decision that was made in Brazil again I'm, not familiar with the with the details of that one. But the discussion- you just ask you this question, then moving forward. Will you commit to making it a practice when other countries are clearly paying attention enough to make significant changes to their pilot manuals based on major operational changes? That Boeing will send these notifications of changes to the other users of these aircraft, so at least they have the opportunity to train their pilots. You didn't you deny them the opportunity, sir senator. We are committed to sharing that information and it's part of our international collaboration, but I also want to note again that the discussion around MCAS training and whether it would be included in the training manuals. That was an active iterative discussion with the FAA, and it was a decision made based on safety. Again, we try to put information in the training manuals that focuses on the effects of failures and things that will be valuable to the pilots and it's not always the case that more information adds to safety, although in this case we understand this- and this is one of the additions going forward. There's no thought had added to their safety, but I want to touch a little bit on senator Fisher. The question that she raised earlier. All these changes have taken place, of course, over the years and this plane is still working off its original certification from 1967. This is despite despite the fact that pilots have told me that the max eight is in no way functionally similar to the original 737 that took to the skies 52 years ago. I said in the last hearing that we had seems to me like there's been so many significant modifications, it's almost as if you took a canoe and tuned turned it into a cruise ship. So, mr. Hamilton, can you tell us how many derivative certificates Boeing has received for the 737 since initially being certified over 50 years ago? Senator I I don't have the exact number in my head. It's approximately at 14, but 14 or 814 I'm. Sorry 14 derivative, 14 Joe, but let me take the action to follow up with on that yeah. Thank you. I appreciate that, and the last thing I'm going to ask: do you believe that the 737 max is functionally the same plane that was certified in 1967 senator, as I mentioned to the earlier senator safety standards have evolved as the airplane has evolved, and one of the important things I think to understand is what's really important. Also is for the pilots, as they transition from an earlier version of the 737 to the newer version that the airplane behaves it handles in the same way, that was important from a handling characteristics, standpoint and an important enough for Brazil dimension, but not for us with respect to that Center. So there is a joint operation evaluation board that determines the training, but other regulators can determine what train they want to do above and beyond, based on their information. I, don't know the specifics of the Brazilian document that you're referencing I. We can follow up on that. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Senator Rosen, senator blunt. Thank you. Thank you chairman, so small Berg I don't want to absolve you from both the opportunities and responsibilities to go back and look at that long question from Senator tester and answer it for the record. But for now one of the sources. One of the central thoughts in that question was should why shouldn't we change this process and go back to where it's no longer cooperative, where the FAA takes full responsibility. Given the answer to that, should this process be changed where the federal government is fully responsible with employees only hired by the federal government? What impact would that have on safety to you, senator I, believe the the data clearly shows that creation of the delegated authority process and its implementation as to enhance safety over the last couple of decades, I mentioned earlier about a 95 percent improvement in aviation safety over the last couple of decades. I think a portion of that at least can be attributed to the delegated authority process. That doesn't mean we should refine it reform it over time, but the fundamental process of strong government oversight combined with deep industry, technical knowledge in the right balance is a strong saftey process and I firmly believe. That's one of the things that's contributed to aviation safety and that process demands oversight and we are fully supportive of strong oversight. But we also fully support the idea of tapping deep industry, technical expertise and that combination is the safest combination and what what do you think? The view of the industry technicians is their responsibility there? You think they feel the right level of both responsibility and liability of providing the information that they need to provide senator they do and I can tell you. That's the culture of our company and I respect the the comments that were made today and the questions have been raised about our culture. We deserve the scrutiny, but I've been at this company for 34 years. I know the people of Boeing, you all know the people of Boeing. These are 150,000 people that everyday come to work because they have an important mission. They are honest. They are resolute in their efforts. They are committed to safety, that's our culture and every employee at Boeing that that's that's just how we think about the work we do and we're going to continue to improve as a company I'm not saying, we've done everything right as I've noted today, we've gotten some things wrong, but this is a great company with a great legacy, that's committed to excellence and where we can improve, we will where we can learn. We will, but our culture is about safety, that that is at the very core of Boeing. It's been that way for 103 years, all right. Mr. Hamilton on the I had two or three questions that actually senator Rosen just asked pursuing that further. But, on you know, you've got a 1967 certification that said 14 variants. Since 1967 you have a significantly different plane, just based on the 14th variant of the original plane. What difference do you think would have made if the certification process would have been would have gone back to the were certifying a new plane? Would that have made a difference in the EM caste system or you've been doing this a long time? What difference would it have made if we hadn't built on the previous half-century of this planes, history and just has started with an plain? Would that have been better or worse? You know the in part 21 of the federal regulations. It spells out the change product rule which is I u.s. s for a derivative type certification and it's a process as it's in you SFA's regulations, it's also in European and other countries regulations, and it requires you to look at all significant changes and and step up, I. Think there's a sumption here that a derivative type Sturt is less robust than a new type. Cert I think when you look at a new types or you oftentimes have some exceptions or equivalent levels of safety very similar to what you see on a derivative, so I'm not sure it would have necessarily resulted in a safer airplane. It might have draw driven some different design decisions, though, but fundamentally one of the things that happen in these two accidents was this assumption around how we expected crews to respond under certain situations, which proved to be not. It did not happen and I think you know that that's a fundamental issue that we have to address as an industry. Thank you. Mr. chairman Thank You senator blunt senator Blackburn Thank You. Mr. chairman I, thank you for being here today and for taking our questions. I will tell you this as you've responded, you've addressed senator senator senator I think you should be addressing victims because they're the ones we're asking questions on behalf of and they're the ones who have come today on behalf of their family members. Another thing I want to I want to ask you you've mentioned a couple of times a lack of awareness of emails or documents or communications, and you know mr. Muhlenberg. We have something around here before we vote. We say we read the bill so that we know what's in it and if we need to ask questions, we ask questions and we developed that awareness that is so necessary to make good decisions and to have a full view of the situation that is in front of us, and it is disconcerting to hear someone whose to be the leader of a company to say I, wasn't aware or I didn't know or hadn't hadn't read that nobody made me aware of that. I depended on that. You know we call that passing the buck and it is your responsibility if you're going to lead the company to have that awareness. So have you at this point read each and every page of every document that is relative to the situation. In this case, senator I, I can't say: I've read every document. Every page I know: we've provided more than half a million pages of documents as part of the production process over the last year, I accept your input and your criticism. I am accountable. Our companies, accountable accountability, starts appreciate that, but I think that it is unsettling to hear you say. I haven't read that let me move on I do believe you're in the business of safety as a priority, and even though you say you don't sell safety, let's talk a little bit about the simulators, because you had pilots that were training in the simulators, as well as training in flight, correct you're, referring during the max development. Yes, senator, yes, yes, okay, so the simulators that were being used for training were they built by the same engineers with the same components, the same sensors, the same systems as the max system. Senator we have a wide variety of simulators, some of which are what we call conformed simulators, which represent the actual hardware and software of the airplane. We have others that are some of the pilots were not training on this specific simulator, and then you also you know. Mr. Peters had started down a line of questioning with you about the pilots and the pilots that were trained, and you only had highly experienced pilots in simulators before flying the new max system. Correct senator I was referring to our Boeing test pilots. We also have pilots from a number of other organizations. Regulators and airlines would use pilots with a variety of experience, a wide range of experience, because there are pilots with the wide range of experience that are going to be in that cockpit flying that plane in real time. Senator I agree with your your view on the necessity of having a variety of pilot experiences involved in the testing process. But again our our Boeing pilots are not the only testers in okay. Well then, let's take it this way. What changes are you going to make in the simulators and in the training that is going to bring to account for human factor? Senator we've made several changes and have more to come, but to start, the baseline training program for the max is roughly a 24 day. Training program, which includes heavy use of simulators, advanced simulators. We've also modified the computer-based training for the incremental training between the ng and the max we've added visibility to the training materials for the M cast system. That we've talked about that new training is all currently being evaluated and will be ultimately certified by the regulators to make it a baseline in the program. We're also investing Rd significantly in advance. I appreciate all that appreciate your your answer. Prior to these occurrences, did you feel that your training was not sufficient senator? No, we we implemented the training that was planned and certified for the airplane. Thank You senator Blackburn Senator Scott Thank You. Mr. chairman, first off my heart goes out to all the families. I mean I. Just can't imagine you know the impact on these families. After these tragic accidents, Florida I come from Florida, so air travel is pretty big, pretty big deal for us, 126 million people traveled to Florida tourists last year and a lion's share of them came by era aircraft. So the safety of everybody is really important. Mr. mellenburg, the presidency of your commercial airlines was let go after this. What so, what's your process to hold people accountable? To make sure you know this doesn't happen again. Yeah senator first of all, my company and I are accountable. I believe that accountability starts with me. My board took some recent actions regarding my position, which I fully support and will allow me to focus even more on safety, so every action we take to try to focus on safety. I have also taken some management actions again. Those are focused on operational excellence and safety going forward, as as other reviews are completed. If we see additional actions that need to be taken, we won't hesitate, but some cases, accountability also includes improvements to our processes and our organization structure, and that gets to some of the changes we announced on our safety review boards, our new safety organization, our new board, Safety Committee, and the realignment of all 50,000 of our engineers. To our chief engineer in terms of reporting structure, all of those accountability actions are important and all of them are focused on safety. So if anybody, if any of your, whether it's engineers or non-engineers, if somebody has a concern in the future about safety, what's the what's the process, you've you've created to make sure that it gets to you and you can. You can react to it because, ultimately, if you as a CEO, the buck stops with you senator that's that's been one of the key learnings from this whole process. Is we need to elevate the visibility on safety issues that might come up there at the ground floor level? Make sure they get the right visibility in action. So a couple of things we've done there. One is again restructuring our safety review boards. So I now get a weekly update on safety review boards from across the Boeing Enterprise at a detailed level, which I've found to be very helpful. We've also with the stand up of our new safety organization under Beth pastor. Instead of having those safety teams underneath our businesses they're now separated and report up through our chief engineer, any safety concerns that employees have will come through that organization. We set up a new anonymous reporting system for those employees that want might want to make anonymous reports to facilitate that, and we continue to have a full range of ethics hotlines across our enterprise that encourage employees to make their inputs, and we, we have a culture of asking our employees to speak up. We want them to speak up, we want to make sure they're heard and that we take action. What have you made? Any changes at the board level that to increase the accountability for all employees, senator uh our board has been very engaged in this entire process. One of the things we did is it now about six months ago, I asked our board to set up a independent review led by Admiral Jean Bosch Gianni. He has tremendous safety background. That committee came forward with a number of recommendations, some of which I mentioned in things that we've implemented. Our board will continue to be engaged in that process and this new, this new safety organization that I talked about. In addition to reporting to the chief engineer and to me, it also provides independent audit. If you will back into our board and our board is set up a new aerospace safety committee- that's now permanent, headed up by Admiral GM Bosch Gianni. You might have seen on Friday. We added another board member and Admiral Richardson, who also has deep experience in safety. He will also be a member of that committee, and so our safety organization will have an independent reporting line to them as well, which I think is a good disciplined process. I did go, preside so I couldn't I didn't get to hear all the testimony, but have you made any recommendations to this committee at things that, at the federal level, we ought to be doing differently to you know to do you know, make sure whether it's Boeing or Airbus or anybody else. This doesn't happen again. Senator we've discussed a number of options there again we have. We have learned, and there are some things that we need to fix that are related to the airplane, design and training and communications. We also think there are some opportunities to reform our processes and and how we work together as a government and industry. Thank you. Thank You senator Scott, Sullivan, Thank You mr. chairman and I also want to express my sympathies and condolences to the family members. Here we have a a safe commercial aviation industry in America, but I think we always have to look at ways to improve it: industry, the Airlines, FAA Congress, so I'm sure it's difficult for the family members to be here, but it's important that you're here so I want to thank you for that I'm, going to start with just a bit of a kind of a parochial question. Mr. Mallen burger mr. Hamilton Alaska Airlines is our my state's airline. It's a very good airline. It's certainly critically important in my States I know it is to the ranking members state as well. They fly almost all 737 Boeing's, we Alaskans travel a lot I've had many constituents in the aftermath of these max crashes. That have asked me are the 737s that we are flying on all the time in Alaska to and from Seattle and other places safe. So can you can both of you assure my constituents that these 737s are safe, that are such an important component of Alaska air travel? Senator the 737ng fleet that Alaska operates is a safe fleet, it's a safe airplane and it's got about two hundred million hours of air safety track record behind it. Mr. Hamilton I agree with mr. mellenburg comments. I also just want to say that we have a weekly meeting that we review all the reports that are coming in from the fleet on whether or not they are potential safety issue or not. So the max issues that were focused on here with regard to 737s are not issues that exists with your other line to 737 is 800 900. No, that's incorrect. Let me ask and I know the house side was looking at this issue as we focus as this committee is on the tragic lessons learned from the max 737 accidents. Should we also take the time to ensure that the other 737 models that are receiving less attention now are nevertheless continue to be safe and to take the opportunity to look at the FAA certification process on those to make sure that that is not bedeviled? With some of the challenges that we are discussing here with regard to the max, would you agree that that's an opportunity to not just focus on the max, but the overall process to reboot the focus both at your company, but also in the FAA on safety? The senator I believe there are a number of independent reviews underway right now. Looking at that broader certification process, some of them begun to report out. We we support that broader, look, so, models that aren't just the max all models, so we are taking an end-to-end comprehensive look at the certification process and I believe there are a number of government independent reviews that are focused on that. Let me ask for both of you: I keep hearing from safety experts about the importance of what they refer to as functional safety, and that is the way the different systems work together. With the operator, as opposed to looking at each system as its added to a new model in a vacuum- and it seems to me that this issue of functional safety is a core issue as it relates to the max. Given what has happened? Can you tell the committee about what your company's approach to this issue of functional safety is when adding new systems to an existing aircraft like the 737? Obviously there was a failure here on that issue. How are you working to improve that, and does the FAA do enough to focus on this idea of functional safety, not just the individual additions to existing in older models? That's John to take that question. Yes, so senator I think it starts with require our requirements break down of what's our airplane level, requirements, system, level, requirements, component level requirements and then validating at the component level, a system level and at the airplane level, how any change method requirements and interacted across at the system or airplane level. You also talked about regulatory requirements. Yes, there's something called: does FAA focus enough on you think on functional safety, so there's been some rather recent changes in what we call development assurance that I think is is continue to mature and and again this looks at the functional safety and some of the things that you really focus status, the breakdown requirements and how different systems interact with that so I think, as mr. Muhlenberg pointed out, some of the recent industry committee reports I, have discussed this and I think will support those recommendations and the FAS actions going forward. Thank you. Thank you. Mr. chairman senator Sullivan, and and thank you to the panel. We appreciate you being with us I'm sure we'll be questioning you further. As we continue to get more reports, our second panel of witnesses will be escorted in now. We we thank you two gentlemen for being with us. The second panel, as said before, is mr. Roberts um Walt, chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board, and the Honorable Christopher Hart. Mr. Hart is the team chair of the joint Authority's technical review, which we use the shorthand up, chatter for and have preferred that to that a number of times during this hearing and mr. Hart is a former chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board and they've been waiting patiently during these two and a half hours. So gentlemen, we are we appreciate you being here. You have submitted testimony. We ask each of you to summarize your testimony in five minutes and mr. somewhat we'll begin with you. You're recognized Thank You, mr. chairman good afternoon, chairman wicker ranking member Cantwell and members of the committee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today this afternoon, I will address NTS b--'s recent recommendation report regarding the 737 max certification processes. This recommendation report issued last month contained seven recommendations. Did you get my call mr. someone? It's it's on, but I'll move closer. These recommendations are the result of the NTS b--'s involvement as an accredited representative to the Indonesian government's investigation into last year's lion air crash and to the Ethiopian government's investigation into this year's crash involving the Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 737 max the NTSB participates in foreign investigations in accordance with ICAO annex 13, which details the standards and recommended practices of international aviation accident investigations under annex 13. The state of occurence leads the investigation and the US has the right to participate in the investigation when it involves a US manufactured or a u.s. registered or designed aircraft sections the 737 max eight. This is so that any design or manufacturing issues can promptly be addressed by the FAA and the manufacturer. As an accredited representative to these crash investigations, the NTSB investigated initiated an in-depth examination of the u.s. design certification processes used to certify the max the issues we identified revolve around three basic areas and our safety recommendations are centered on them. First, the system safety assumptions used by Boeing for the MKS and ultimately accepted by the FAA did not use realistic pilot recognition and corrective actions in response to uncommanded flight control inputs. Quite simply, the assumptions that boeing used did not consider or account for the impact that multiple flight, deck alerts or or indications could have on pilots responses to comanded MKS activation. Next, we identified the need for manufacturers to validate their pilot response assumptions using scientific methods and application of human factors, principles to improve cockpit design procedures and training. We believe that the use of validated methods and tools to assess pilot performance in dealing with failure, conditions and emergencies would result in more effective requirements for flight deck interface, design, pilot procedures and training strategies. And, finally, we believe that manufacturers should develop and incorporate in airline concrete's mechanisms that would allow pilots to better, diagnose, prioritize and react to multiple alerts and alarms the pilots in the lion. Air and Ethiopian crashes were faced with multiple, aural and visual alerts. Research demonstrates that emergency situations would increase workload and require additional effort to manage effectively because of the stress involved and possible confusion regarding which actions are necessary to resolve the problem. Each of our seven recommendations are detailed in my written testimony. In closing, it should be noted that the NTSB investigators continue to examine the design certification process and we may issue additional recommendations in this area if warranted. Thank you again for the opportunity to testify and I look forward to your questions. Thank You mr. Sam Walt, mr. Hart, you recognized Thank, You, chairman wicker and ranking member Cantwell and members of the committee. Thank you for inviting me to this to this hearing today. First I would like to extend my condolences joining others who have already done so to the families and friends of the passengers and crew Online Air flight 610 and Ethiopian Airlines flight 302. The FAA created the joint Authority's technical review, because these crashes revealed a need to review the robustness of the aircraft certification process. The j8 er, which included representatives from the FAA NASA and nine other civil aviation of Ortiz, was created to review the max certification process to determine whether the appropriate regulations were applied to assess whether compliance was shown and to recommend improvements. I commend the FAA for seeking this certification process peer review and for making it public. The max grounding was unprecedented to previous groundings, where the McDonnell Douglas dc-10 in 1979, when an engine separated from the wing and the Boeing 787 in 2013 due to battery fires in those two groundings excuse me, the airplanes were rendered on air worthy because the airplanes were on air, where the pilot competence was not an issue, because those groundings resulted solely from airplane problems. The country where the airplanes were manufactured made the grounding and on grounding decisions. The grounding of the max, on the other hand, involves automation that usually worked, but sometimes failed, and when it failed, some pilots knew how to respond, but some, including those who crashed, did not because the scenario was not just an airplane problem, but a problem of airplane system. / pilot interaction, every country that licenses pilots must also be involved in the grounding and on grounding decisions as Automation complexity, increases I, anticipate that future problems are more likely to be of the airplane pilot type rather than airplane. Only after three j8e, our meetings in Seattle, in which Boeing and the FAA were very open and helpful. An extensive work between the meetings. The j8 er gave the FAA a compilation of team members recommendations in 12 areas, and they we did that on October the 11th. Some of the recommendations derive from the need for the certification process to address how a single system failure may create issues in other systems. Other recommendations raise the issue of whether a process that has been based largely upon compliance should also address safety, as systems become more complex. The likelihood increases that compliance with applicable regulations will not necessarily ensure safety. Moreover, as systems become more complex, the certification process should ensure that failsafe design principles prioritize the mitigation of hazards through design minimizing reliance on pilot action as primary means of risk mitigation delegation will probably be become more prevalent as regulators encounter, increasing difficulty, hiring and retaining technology leaders. Thus, although the recommendations do not address the desirability of delegation, they do recommend examining how to make the Oda process less cumbersome to avoid stifling communications. Query: for example, whether inadequate communications resulted in the failure to address the effects of evolving the maneuvering characteristics in system meant M cast from a benign system to a more aggressive system and query whether inadequate communications resulted in the fair to address the effects of modifying M cast from one scenario to another scenario. Other recommendations relate to the FAA standards regarding the time for pilots to identify and respond to problems j8e, our members recommend reviewing whether existing standards are appropriate for today's complex systems. For example, when a system failure results in cascading failures and multiple alarms query how adequately the certification process considers the impact of multiple alarms, along with possible startle effect on the ability of pilots to respond appropriately. These two crashes are the latest of several recent crashes in which pilots encountered scenarios that they had never seen before, even in training and responded, inappropriately increasing complexity and reliability exacerbate the challenge of training pilots to respond to problems that they have never seen before. Increasing complexity exacerbates a challenge because it reduces the likelihood that pilots understand the system. Increasing reliability exacerbates the challenge because it increases the difficulty of determining what types of problems might occur and therefore including those types of problems in training. In conclusion, the j8e, our members, hope that their recommendations will continue improving aviation safety by helping to improve the certification process. Thank you again for inviting me and I look forward to your questions. Thank you, gentlemen, is. Is the work complete regarding the max for either of your organizations? Mr. Sun wall? Mr. chairman, thank you for that question. We are continuing to go through scores and scores and Design certification documents and we are looking if we need to make additional recommendations. We certainly will so to answer your question. Our work is not completed and mr. Hart our work is completed because we were chartered to to review the situation and give recommendations to the FAA. We did that on October 11th that completed our work, I think Ratto. The did this particular janitor joint Authority's technical review is, is over and disbanded. That's correct! All right. Let's talk about the time between the first crash and the second crash, it was. It was evident pretty clear after the first one after the lion crash that the M Cass system was not working correctly. Is that does that true was some Walt? Yes, sir, that is correct and mr. Hart this would this was there are many factors, but but the dysfunction of the M casts what was central. That's correct, okay, and at that point, what what notice was sent out to other airlines and to the pilots to make it clear that that that was the main problem. Mr. chairman, as you are aware, today, is the one-year anniversary of lion air. So on October the 29th was the crash I believe it was October. These are correction November, the 7th, when the in, when the FAA put out an air worthiness directive to require certain procedures, procedural modifications. What was was that a typical air worthiness directive, or was it highlighted as an emergency air worthiness directive, I'm, not sure Chris. Do you know airworthiness directives? Pretty much by definition are considered emergency, so I think this one. This one was definitely one that is supposed to command the attention of the entire industry. Okay, so it and mr. Sun Walters is consulting with staff and I'm. It's fine if he supplements that, but this was a red flag set out about the max and the MKS part of it. Is that correct? But would you would you either of you, gentlemen, quarrel, that this was a red flag warning? It was an industry-wide warning that everybody who flies this airplane needs to know about this issues and so that, to that extent yes, okay, well, is there a way that that it could that we could have made it more explicit. It is, was: was there something about this advisory, though that didn't get the job done? Mr. Hart I'm, sorry, but I can't speak for the FAA and their decision process on how to handle this. The decision process to have the airworthiness directives within days of the of the second crash was intentional to make to get the word out as quickly as possible, but I'm really I was not privy to the decision-making process. Nobody, but in that's I'm talking about the way it would typically have been received internationally and around in in the aviation industry that this would have been taken seriously and and and given a heightened bit of attention. Is that correct? That certainly, is the purpose of an air worthiness directive. Yes, how people responded to it, I can't I can't don't have a good answer to that. Okay, now did did I hear you say mr. Hart, that some pilots reacted in in one way, which was sufficient and some pilots, not for whatever reasons do that if you could elaborate on what you were telling the committee. Yes, thank you for that question. I was referring specifically to the fact that the law in the lyin error crashed the day before that crash. That same problem was encountered and the pilots responded to it appropriately. Well, what do you think there was a failure, lion air to notify the other crews that a problem had occurred? It was resolved in this fashion and we need to be mindful of that, but was do you know if that was communicated between the flight that did land safely in the one the next day? Unfortunately, I do. Thank you for the question. Unfortunately, I do not know the details of who told what to whom, whether it was the mechanics, the other pilots I, don't know the details of how that information about what happened the day before was transmitted to the to the subsequent pilots and mechanics mr. sum. Well, do you want to clarify anything that you've said based on some advice that you've been getting well? In fact, it was an emergency air worthiness directive that was issued by the FAA, as mr. Hart has indicated. So that is a term of art. An emergency air worthiness directive that's correct, and that means that it does not allow for public comment. Oftentimes for normal air were than its directive. The FAA has to put it out for public comment unless it's an emergency air worthiness directive. Is it fair for me to characterize that as a red flag? Well, as Chris Hart indicated, it does indicate that there was something that needed immediate awareness within the within the aviation community as soon as you can't will Thank You. Mr. chairman and I thank the the second panel for being here wish. There was many people listening to this panel as the first, because this is the hard work that we have to do in getting this right and moving forward and I. So much appreciate mr. somewhat the NTS b--'s recommendations and mr. Hart your committee's recommendations. My colleagues and I senator Duckworth senator Blumenthal, have already introduced legislation on the NTSB and other recommendations last week, and hopefully we will be able to move forward on those you heard. The discussion, I'm I, believe we're here for this this issue about what happened in the cockpit and the level of distraction which I think is the point. Mister some Walt of at least two of the recommendations that we put in our legislation. That is your recommendation that the FAA direct Boeing to have clearer corrective actions from uncommanded and that there be this some sort of resolution that they've had in other planes to the cockpit situation, so that we don't we're not bombarding pilots, also that they develop the same kind of assessment. Now, when I read the circulars and I've read many, it's pretty clear to me that you know this. This already should have been done. That I mean it's pretty clear that you have to talk about the effectiveness that you, when you submit a plan for a plane, you have to submit this alert plan so we'll see we'll find out at some point. What alert plan was submitted and what was reviewed, but it's very clear that you have to have you know this effectiveness intended for human and machine integration? You know people understanding the alerts, compatibility with other displays and warnings, ensuring that the system you know is telling the pilots what to do so. I, listen, I, appreciate your recommendations and we are going to get them into law. Trust me, the the question becomes like what are we doing on top of something that isn't already clear here? What is it that actually we're doing and helping people understand? What is it we're doing here to make this system safer and the reason I ask this is because, as I said in my opening statement, I actually believe this is the issue. Du jour I think it is for automobile safety, moving forward on more AVS and on airplanes, there's going to be more integration in to the into the cockpit so anytime, you are taking over command of that plane with a response we need to know and we need to understand that functionality. So what is what are these alert system requirements that we're asking the FAA to do both for the max and for all planes? What is that really giving us that we don't currently have now in the statute? Well, thank you for the question senator Cantwell and thank you for your for your leadership and your advocacy on this area. Of course, we issued these seven recommendations a month ago because we did identify holes in the design certification process I'd be glad to get into some of those holes and what those recommendations are, but I don't want to dominate your time, I defer to you well, my question was: why do you think this is important, because you you actually don't think that the details are there that's correct and we really what the long and the short of it woven throughout each of the seven recommendations is that we found that the width when pilots are faced with multiple alerts, they're, not performing or reacting in the way that Boeing thought that they would react when they develop their design assumptions and what about safety management systems for aerospace manufacturers? What about that recommendation? The NTSB has has found the benefits of safety management systems in in many modes of transportation, including aviation. We don't have specifically a recommendation for an SMS for the manufacturers. However, we do believe that when you're properly analyzing and assessing your risk, that is improving safety. So, if I think personally, I think that would be a good idea for manufacturers to have a safety management system in place and and what does that mean to most people who are trying to listen to this conversation post the one we just had? What does that actually mean that happens? You know I've always looked at safety management systems and I like the term safety management instead of safety management systems, because it's an act thing we want to manage safety, the way that we would manage other vital business functions, so they're generally thought to be about four tenets of SMS, one of which is safety, risk assessment, where you're actively assessing your risk and managing those risk to an acceptable level, and so that's a key component right there of a safety management system. Well, the this issue of risk management is critical and that that's what I believe is that you have to say what are the highest risks, so you can focus on is clear. No one thought this change of a new system that took outside information control deplane gave a different commands with different alerts that do or different things it wasn't tested. So we we have to implement this. The FAA was given this I, don't know if it was a directive or nudge before, but then they pulled back on a rulemaking in 2014 on this system management, but you believe Iko others are recommending. This is what we should go forward with, because it creates this robust discussion constantly. Is that the right way to describe it as a safety practitioner? I agree with that and I do want to say again. The NTSB is not really going on the record to have a recommendation for that, but from a safety practitioners perspective again when you're managing your risk, you're managing safety. Thank you. Thank you. I see my other car. My time is passed, so senator senator Blumenthal. Thank you. Thank you. Senator Cantwell and I want to express my appreciation to Senator, Cantwell and Senator Duckworth for the legislation that we're working on together and additional legislation that we hope will be based on your reports and others. You know I had a lot of questions for our previous witness, which unfortunately I didn't have time to ask. One of them would have been. Why did he call the president United States in effect circumventing the FAA if they were really going to respect safety, are either of you aware of the call or calls that made by mr. Muhlenberg to the president, United States, seeking to prevent grounding of these airplanes in the immediate aftermath of the second crash? Senator Blumenthal I'm certainly not aware that I sat in this hearing and in March when you asked mr. Elwell the same questions I'm, not aware of that, we were not involved in the decision to ground the aircraft in any form or fashion. Mr. Hart, it was not within the purview of the jtr. Either we were -. We were looking at the certification process to decide how to make it better. The the fact of the matter is that the United States of America was among the last nations to ground those airplanes. Correct. That's certainly my understanding us in Canada, and normally the United States of America, would be at the forefront of safety. Correct mr. Hart good question, senator just for your awareness, I'm on record through an op-ed in USA Today, to congratulate the FAA for waiting until they had enough data to see. Was this a one-off event, because if it was a one-off event, they're gonna be grounding airplanes after every crash, or was it more than a one-off? In other words, were in today and ready in retrospect was a good decision to the ground that airplane after they had enough data to see the similarity of the two yes, but the United States was the last to have enough data for whatever the reason just just saying right. Well, everybody had the same date at about the same time. I just think the US, the FA as a reputation for waiting until the data to react. Let me ask you: your report found that quote key aspects of the MKS functions such as intended function, description, its interfaces and architecture were not directly visible to the FAA in a straightforward manner. Through the certification deliverable documents, I'm trying to put that in simple English that you would use in the USA Today article, they didn't do full fair disclosure to the FAA correct in simple language, the process, the certainty the HSU process was complicated enough and challenging enough and bureaucratic enough that the communication was stifled and, and so the communication didn't get where it needed to be when it needed to be there. Okay, I think that answers my question, and that was something we should correct correct, that's something that the JH er has recommended correcting and, yes, it doesn't eat correcting The Wall Street Journal recently reported that internal Boeing surveys revealed that about 30 percent of its employees felt potential undue pressure from managers regarding safety-related approval. In fact, one of the Boeing engineers Kurtis Ewbank, filed a complaint that asserted quote: Boeing management was more concerned with cost and schedule than safety or quality, and quote did your report. Your investigative work indicate that kind of undue pressure from Boeing on its employees to move the safety process at the expense of I'm sorry move the certification process at the expense of safety. Thank you for your question. Our investigation. Our review found enough concern about undue influence that we recommended that it be reviewed carefully for the next time. The next certification process. You indicate I think in your testimony that you thought delegation would continue, which seems contrary to what we have found here so far. The a lot of the thrust of the questioning has been to reverse delegation, so I hope that maybe we can have your further thoughts on that issue. Let me just ask one more question of mr. mr. sum: Walt on Sunday, just this past Sunday, the New York Times reported ongoing efforts to undercut regulatory oversight early and often the story of Boeing sabotaging rigorous safety. Scrutiny is chilling to all of us and more reason to keep the 737 max grounded until certification is really and truly independent, and this is is reform. What are your views on the amount of delegation authority from the FAA, the Boeing shouldn't? We reverse the delegation that exists right now, senator Blumenthal. Thank you for that question. The NTSB his role in all of this is to serve as an accredited representative to each of the respective accident investigations. As such, we looked at the design, certification processes of the 737 max, and we issued these seven recommendations. We have not looked at the ODA process. That is not something that we have done. Why? Well, because there are approximately 79 organizations that have Oda approval. We've got about two people that have the expertise to dwell into the design certification issues. We've devoted those energies to come up with these seven recommendations that we issued one month ago. That is an enormous task I'm, under the impression that the US do TIG is doing a study of of this issue, as are numerous other entities: Thank You, senator Duckworth, Thank You. Mr. chairman for Chairman's son Walt, welcome at the March 2019 hearing held by this committees. Aviation subcommittee, chairman wicker, asked you a simple question concerning lions, air flight, 610 and I quote: what should the pilots have done and you responded as follows, and I quote well: I flew the 737 for ten years and I do believe that there is a procedure, at least for the Flintstone version of the 737. That I flew a very odd 737, but I do believe that the very first thing you would do is oppose that motion by pulling the yoke back and that would engage the state break or the stabilator cutout function. And, to me this answer makes sense. The most reliable initial human response to an uncommanded nose-down dive is to pull back on the yoke. Would you concur with this view? Yes, I do I've actually looked at the procedure and, and it says to to grasp and to hold it firm but, as you know, as an experienced pilot, your natural reaction would in fact, if it's going in a direction, you don't intend it to you would you would tend to oppose it, which should in the older models of the Boeing aircraft, that I flew the 727 and 737? That would engage the stabilizer break and stop the stab from from running, but, as you pointed out in your earlier round, it will not do that when M Cass is active on the 737 max right. So that's what I would like to add to your response is the critical importance of the column cannot function whether after four it is that it's not just limited to the very odd 737. But in fact, according to a former Boeing engineer, who was responsible for the control law, development in the 757 767 and a 747 400 in every Boeing airplane in every Boeing airplane, until the 737 max uncommanded, stabilized stabilizer runaway is stopped by column motion. Only you don't have to do another step once you pull back and you've over it in it. That's it there's nothing that resets and then pushes the nose back down five seconds later. There's nothing else. You have to do that. Is it in every other model of Boeing aircraft of the 737s, but for the max with the MKS malfunction, the pilot has to also apply the manual electric trim within the same three-second window. Otherwise, the MKS which the pilots did not know was installed in the aircraft, could reset and put the mouse back down. So now, you're telling pilots, okay, natural reaction, you've put back you've overrode, it you'd think that's it, but now you have to troubleshoot for a system that you don't know exists. That is now overriding your pilot's command input in pulling back the yoke. Mr. Sam, oh, are you aware of Boeing notifying commercial 737 pilots before the lion air crash that when MCATs activates during manual flight, it disables the F column, cut out safety function? That is, it overrides that safety function Senator Duckworth I'm under the impression that, just as you said that, prior to these two tragic crashes, that information was not widely known within the piloting community Thank You. Mr. someone, the MCATs malfunction, has it should have been elevated to a hazardous rating. In my opinion, because the F column, cutout was removed and worsened by tripling, the state trim rate which made severe Mis from likely, especially with a persistent malfunction, had Boeing done this instead of rating it as a major hazard, we would not be where we are today. Would you agree with that? It changes how they report to the FAA am I correct. Yes, that that hazard category of major as I understand it only required there to be one angle of attack sensor. If it was at a higher hazard category, it would have required the input from - Thank You. Mr. chairman I would like to enter Peter lemmy's flaw as a flawed assumptions, pave a path of disaster into the hearing record. Without objection. Thank you. Can you talk about the accident chain, the concept of these decisions that that pileup and leads to those lion? Air pilots, for example, fighting to save that aircraft and how these decisions add up? Yes, we, as you know, Senator Duckworth. The NTSB was an accredited representative to the Lion Air investigation, as well as the Ethiopian Accident Investigation. We participated closely with and with both of them, but since the lion air is wrapped up, we have worked closely with it with the Indonesian authorities. We commented on their report. We feel that their report, the Indonesian report, the KN kt report- is as comprehensive and and we're satisfied with that report. So I think that report outlines the chain of chain of events. It's not just one factor. There were several issues that that led to that crash. Thank you. Thank You, senator Duckworth, senator Cruz, Thank You, mr. chairman, chairman son. Well, the NTSB report that you mentioned in your testimony stated that the NTSB is quote concerned that the accident pilot responses to the unintended MCATs operation were not consistent with the underlying assumptions about pilot recognition and response that Boeing used, based on FAA guidance for flight control system, functional hazard assessments, including for EM, cast as part of the 737 max design. Why do you think it was that that Boeing made the wrong assumptions? Senator Cruz? Thank you for that question and what what we do know is that to simulate the EM casts or to assess the level of hazard. The less level of risk associated with that they put Boeing pilots test pilots in the engineering simulator, and while they were flying all of a sudden, the trim started moving. They wanted to see how a pilot would have reacted and if they reacted the way that Boeing expected them to do, then they said: okay. Well, a pilot will immediately recognize this problem, they'll notice, because the nose is starting to pitch down they'll notice because it's increased the pressure on the control, wheedle and and one other thing they would Anna stabbed him wheel was moving, that's all correct, but what Boeing failed to account for and their assumptions was to consider that the EM cast could have failed because of another reason the M cast could have activated because of a failure of the angle of attack, which would have led to numerous other alerts and warnings in the cockpit. So with a failed angle of attack, they would have had a lowest low, airspeed indication on their primary flight display. They would have gotten a stick, shaker or stall warning, which is rattling the stick and making a lot of noise. They would have gotten an aural warning that says: airspeed low airspeed low, they would have had various lights in the cockpit, so in the long, and the short of it is, is that Boeing only evaluated pilots performance with the stab trim. It's self-moving. They did not simulate or replicate how multiple failures could affect a pilot's performance, and why did the fa processes not catch this not catch these failed assumptions. Well, it's a great question. Senator and I'm not sure that I know the answer to that. But that's why we've issued these seven recommendations is so that these design assumptions can be more realistic. We found in three instances in the tube accident flights plus the flight, the Lion Air flight prior to the accident flight. We've seen three cases where the pilots did not perform in accordance with the assumptions that Boeing's that Boeing used and as a bird strike, a scenario that that that engineers, designing a plane should anticipate and the regulator's focusing on a plane should anticipate I believe so and I believe they do in certain areas, I'm not sure how it might apply to this. As you know, there's conjecture that the that perhaps a bird might have taken out the AOA sensor on the Ethiopian aircraft. I, don't know if that's a part of the total risk assessment for the 737 max as it relates to to M castle. Is there any indication either Boeing or the FA considered the possibility that a bird strike would shear off the angle of attack sensor I do not know, but but I can certainly look into that and get back with you if you like I, would appreciate that very much mr. Hart, one of the the key findings of the joint Technical Review Committee report is that the FAA s, visibility and two important system safety information was quote, incomplete and fragmented. The j8 er then went on to say if the FAA had been more involved in the certification of the M cast, this quote would likely have resulted in design changes that would have improved safety based on the j8 ers findings. Why would the FAA accept incomplete and fragmented safety information from Boeing and what can be done to fix that? Thank you for the question. That's the purpose of the the recommendation that the communication process that the ODA less bureaucratic and less complicated, so the communication process isn't undermined by the complexity of that situation. So the FAA dit was not adequately aware of the evolution of the EM castro MAME from a relatively weak system to a much more robust system. The FA wasn't aware of the details of the of how adequately the transformation of the MCATs from a high-speed wind upturn, correction to a low-speed, angle-of-attack correction and and where the assumptions properly considered in that process, the fa, the communications to the fa were not adequate for it to be fully aware of the of the impact of those issues. Thank you. Thank you. Senator Cruz, senator Blumenthal I have just one question and you may consider it outside of your expertise, but the CEO of Boeing told us today that they made mistakes and regretted them and wanted to take action in response to do the right thing for the families who were affected, the loved ones of victims. Boeing has said that it will take responsibility specifically for the Lyon air crash, resulting in the deaths of 189 people in Indonesia last year and the Ethiopian Airlines crash that killed 157 people, but it has filed court documents for the Lyons aircraft indicating that it will move to change the venue of the case to Indonesia where the plane was maintained. If settlement talks failed, the case was filed in the Northern District of Illinois, where Boeing is headquartered. As you know, resolving these claims in Indonesia seems a lot less likely to provide justice to those families. There's no Seventh Amendment right to a jury trial. There there's no requirement of discovery, there's no rule allowing for depositions. Would you agree with me that equity fairness, justice would argue in favor of keeping these cases in the United States? My friend, Chris Hart is a harvard-educated lawyer. Don't the Harvard Law School graduate accessing lawyer, in addition to being a pilot? So if you want to defer to him, that's fine. Absolutely thank you for the question. I am a Harvard attorney, so to speak, but I'm not I, I, don't know anything about the litigation strategy to be able to comment on what they want to do litigation. Why is that that's way outside of my Lanie JT JT R did not consider it and I'm I'm, not really I. Don't consider myself competent to speak to that issue. Well, in general, wouldn't you consider this courts of the United States to be a better place to do justice for American families than the courts of Indonesia I'm? Not enough of a thank you for the question, but I'm not enough of a litigator to be able to give you a competent answer: Thank You, mr. chairman, thank you sooner Blumenthal we're gonna close this hearing now Thank You mr. chairman, for a second round I just wanted to clarify mr. Hart I. Think I heard earlier from the testimony from the company that they actually do think that the FAA knew about the the level of trim. I think this is gonna, be a big issue. I think we're gonna hear a lot more about this, but you would hope that a plan at the very beginning of certification would include that data. Then they would make decisions, but I am concerned that the level of automation and technology and human response I want to see the best engineers I think it's when the automobile industry and Toyota went through this. We didn't know what happened. We basically called NASA and said: would you look at this code and figure out what happened? Okay, I? Don't want to call NASA to look at software code. I want the FAA to be the best technology engineers in understanding problems with software problems with nation and challenges with human response. That's why part of our legislation is that center of excellence for the FAA, just by the way, I've done two other center of excellence, is one on composite manufacturing, because the FAA didn't know enough about composites. That know how to certify the plane and one on biofuels for jets, because they also don't know how to certify fuel sources for planes if they don't understand jet fuel themselves. Okay, so I'm a believer that we give the FAA the extra resources and tools, so they can stay ahead or at least be the you know, know the right parameters of debate, but isn't the right parameter debate have to focus on this human technology interface today? Isn't that where we are because we saw those ten years of making a safer and and and yet this level of integration is also sold as that five of the last accidents were all around this and I think you know for me, and many Americans are waking up wondering what is a pitot tube and a you know. Aoa sensor on the outside of the plane, giving commands and responses to inside the cockpit without the pilots understand so I just feel that the FAA and we've had this discussion with Captain Sullenberger needs to understand human response to these automation systems. What do you say about that recommendation of a center of excellence? Mr. harderberg, mr. someone, thank you for the question. It also gives me an opportunity to respond to senator Blumenthal, raising the same issue, and that is I. I. Think that, as first of all, the type of problem we're going to see with airplane safety in the future, in my view, is going to not be things falling off the airplane like the dc-10 engine, it's going to be the pilot airplane interaction issue, so the human factors piece is crucial and that's why I'm totally on board with the human factors recommendations at the NTSB made? There are two problems: one is the the reference was to multiple things going wrong. At the same time, I would add to that: it's not just multiple things going wrong. It's also never having seen it before even in training. That's that's really the challenges when they are seeing this for the first I'm in real time of this series of accidents where this has happened, and it's been unsuccessful, the one exception to that was Sully when he had an onion in a situation he had never seen before even in training, and he handled it master masterly so that listen I think I've consulted him a lot about this. But that is why he came to us after the cold in air and said, do not change the regulations on the copilot for regional aircraft, because you don't have enough time. You don't have enough time to talk so I think if you're going to develop a system for certification and give it to the FAA I think the FAA has to know the parameters of human response and what pilots are capable of. We just need a lot more data. If this is the route we're going to keep going on innovation, then we just need to know a lot more about what is that factor? I think even I. Don't want to speak for him, but I think his perception is that that's where you have to start, because you don't have any way to a judge's system. If you don't really understand what the human limitation is- and that goes to my point that the leading technologists in these rapidly advancing and innovative technologies, the leading technologists are not going to be with the regulator. That's why this is not an FA problem. This is an international certification problem, because the regulators are not able to hire and retain the leading technologist and these rapidly advancing technologies they're going to be with the companies. That's why? But I want the FAA to have enough data information and understanding to ask the right questions, because, if they're not asking the right questions because they don't understand the technological impact we're going to have a problem. Okay, so you we have to make sure they understand the Rd and at least the parameters, whether that is composites biofuels or cockpit automation, and that's precisely why adequate information is so crucial. Yes, straight to your point, thank you for making that point. Thank You, mr. chairman, Susan Blumenthal, just one quick question: if the FAA were able to pay enough to offer career opportunities, would that affect your judgment that they can't hire the the leading technologists? As you put it, I can't speak to the totality of the circumstances why the regulator's don't have those people, but that's probably part of it. Yes, well I'm, just really discouraged and frankly, somewhat skeptical about your view that the FAA should be sort of doomed to failure and has to outsource safety. They are I, don't mean to suggest they're doomed to failure, I'm suggesting that's why I think the collaborative process of the delegation will will continue, because there is no way that, in my view, in the way the things are currently situated, the FAA is gonna, have the expertise with in-house to do it without the collaboration. Well, putting aside the word, collaboration I hope we can prove you wrong by in fact incentivizing, both financially and otherwise. People with those skills to go to work for the FAA, because that's where the disinterested and independent safety function belongs. If you outsource safety that is doomed to failure, I certainly agree with you. That would be ideal. Yes, senator Blumenthal. Thank you well. Thank you very much and thanks to the members of the committee who've participated throughout. I have to say this has been one of the most difficult hearings. I've ever participated in and I know. It's been difficult for the family members who are still with us in the room some have had to leave. Let me reiterate what I said at the outset, and that is this committee. Under my leadership and Senator Cantwell's leadership is working to obtain as full and answer as possible. We owe it to the public and we owe it to the families and to the victims, and you you have my assurance that we are not finished with with the work that said, the hearing record will remain open for two weeks. During this time, senators are asked to submit any questions for the record upon receipt. All witnesses are requested to submit their written answers to the committee as soon as possible. I thank the witnesses for appearing today, and this hearing is now adjourned. You.