Order would the eyes to the right 328 the nose to the left. 301, not a good start, Ingres order, the eyes to the right, 328 the nose to the left, 301, so the eyes of it. The eyes have a unlock to speak about the consequences of this vote tonight. It means that Parliament is on the brink of wrecking any deal that we might be able to sway and control of the negotiations to the EU, and that would be more differ, more delay and more confusion. You themselves would be able to decide how long to keep this country in the EU and since I refuse to go along. With that plan, we are going to have to make a choice: Mr, Speaker, I, don't want an election. The public wants an election, but if the housemates for this bill tomorrow, the public will have to choose who goes to Brussels on October the 17th, to sort this out and take this country forward. Everybody knows that if the right honourable gentleman is the Prime Minister, he will go to Brussels and beg for an extension rustles the bonds and we will have years more arguments over brexit and, by contrast, mrs. big. Everyone knows that if this government is in charge and we go right, go to Brussels I will go for a deal and I believe I will get a deal, don't leave anyway on October the 31st. The people of this country will have to choose. Mr Speaker, the leader of the opposition, has been begging for an election for two years. He had crowds of supporters outside calling for attention. I don't want an election, but if MPs vote tomorrow to stop negotiations and to compel another pointless delay to brexit potentially for years- and that would be the only way to resolve this and I can confirm that we are tonight tabling a motion under the fixed term, Parliament technically mr. speaker, on a point of order. I welcome tonight's vote. We live in a parliamentary democracy. We do not have a presidency, but a prime minister Prime Minister's govern with the consent of the House of Commons, representing the people in whom the sovereignty rests. There is no consent. There is no consent in this house to leave the European Union without a deal. There is no majority for no deal in the country, as I've said before. If the Prime Minister has the confidence in his brexit policy, when he has won he can put forward, he should put it before the people in a public vote. He wants the table. Emotion for a general election. Fine get the bill through in order to take no deal off the table.