Disgust for what happened to my son, and even while we live in st. Lucia I, continue to follow the news and see many of your faces who took the streets who took the steps and who really sent out your voices to demand justice for my son I'm deeply appreciative of what you've done and I want to say. Thanks to the Dallas area, Churches of Christ, my brethren, who have stood with me and who have given me, really great support to all the activist groups, to the civil rights groups, to the mothers who have been impacted by police brutality and every one of you. It could not have been done by the family alone and your voice. Your efforts really contributed to the justice that I received on behalf of my son, like I, said before my family is leaving we're going back to San Lucia, but you have to do all that is necessary to make Dallas a safer place. I think if we start with Dallas, the other states in America will follow suit and make America better. So, on behalf of my family, on behalf of the people of st. Lucia and on behalf of my son, both I thank each and every one of you from the bottom of my heart, it's very painful to come to Dallas, because I came when both home was alive. I spent three weeks with both them I paid for that red mat, I paid for that Allanon board and the barstools that we saw in his apartment. So every time I pass on the my Street, it's very, very, very painful I. Don't know that I want to be back in Dallas. Dallas robbed me of my son, but I don't see every one in Dallas as an animal geyser I think there are decent people in Dallas and I wish every one of you well, but it's very painful to come back to the place that my son loved. Yet still he was killed here. I, don't want to hear anything. I want to see change. I! Think we've heard a lot we're just hearing, but herring does nothing. We need to seek meaningful change. We need to seek investigations and we need to see seek outcomes from this investigation. Yes, so talk, but no action means nothing, I know, but at the time I didn't know the cameras one eye after the sentencing. I saw Amber's family leave the room and, along with amber and we left and came back upon coming back, I didn't think any cameras to be on I thought it was over because we have the conviction we have. The sentencing and I was asked to. They asked all of us any of us who wanted to do the in fact statement and that's when I I came up and I said I'll do it. I was called not knowing the attention would get but I didn't die, say what I have to say: I meant what I said and I thank God I got no courage to say it's important to know that and grant has told me before that two minutes before he gave the impact statement. He wasn't given any state and then two minutes later he was on that on on the in the witness box and speaking his heart to the person who murdered his brother just showed incredible bravery, but it wasn't something done for show and I think that's the reason it's connected, so well all over the country. If you were present in that courtroom, what Brent did bordered the miraculous and the spirits had simply changed. I know that we're we we want blow in order and there's jurisprudence and jurisprudence says when a when a person is convicted of a crime and sentence, you don't touch them. No one does you're not allowed to the bailiffs, won't allow it. They will drag you out of the court. That's the rules, the brand ask for permission. He wants to break that barrier and he did and the mood and look in the courtroom, change and two very splintered communities began to look at each other like humans again, and the judge began to act like a human instead of a judge. I know she's received blowback before and I think it's unjustifiable. She had a human moment and- and we respect her for that as well, if I can make a statement in regards to that and I think this is imperative, particularly for city like Dallas. Let's recall, let's remember that the city of Dallas is the most segregated and racially inequitable city in all of America. We must hold both of these testimonies in tension with one another. Yes, we have forgiveness, but forgiveness does not absolve us of our responsibilities for justice, and so it's imperative that we have both mother and son standing side by side, because these are the parallel streams that we must advance down together: they're, not mutually exclusive, but both are required for us to achieve justice for all.