Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, the jury had been reached, a verdict, miss Geiger and your team. Would you please stand we? The jury unanimously find the defendant, Amber Geiger guilty of murder as charged in the indictment, no outburst, and it is signed by the presiding juror, who is juror number 11. Mr. Rogers would you'd like to have the jury pole. You may be seated. Miss Geiger, we're gonna, take a break. You all have a long lunch break today and we were resumed. Court at 1:00 p.m. I was in New York, with my daughter at 12:30 a.m. on September 7th. When she came to inform me that she had gotten a call and that somebody told her that both of my shot, how is your life? My life has not been the same. It's just been like a roller coaster. I cannot sleep, I cannot eat it's. It's just been the most terrible time. For me, they were very close. We had a very, very close family, very, very close. Both um ones, surprised me for Mother's, Day, I, didn't know I'd sleep in that Sunday afternoon and I heard it's voice. He used to call me Gigi that was short for governor-general. He said, I was his governor-general and I was sleeping and I heard Gigi I'm like, but that's both his voice, but maybe I'm dreaming, so I close my eyes again and he just came and lay down on me on the bed. You flew all the way from Arkansas at the time and he came to solution to surprise me because he died a few days before his 27th birthday. I always referred to him as the clue to my three kids, because he was able to relate to Ally Elissa and bring Elissa to Brant and vice versa, but Buffon was also. He also was this take charge type of person, so he was always given advice. I spoke of him on September 5th. That was the day before he called about 9:30 in the evening. So that's when we last spoke, my mother she's different. She cries a lot most of the time. She would call me be try our best to comfort each other, but some it's really hard, because sometimes she calls me on a bad day where I'm loved for Bertram. He I would describe him as just a shell, because it's like the light behind his eyes are all dream: he's 11 jerem. Now he is scared of police officers, one time I picked them up from school and he came running scared and I was scared because I thought something was wrong with him and he came into the car and he and like what's going on, and he said he just saw a police officer and that frightened him. He really was when I closed on my house and he came on his birthday 2017. He asked me to take him to Best Buy, so I did and it was for him to buy me a TV as a housewarming on his birthday. Then I want my brother back yeah, I guess I could just continue our conversation, our last conversation and just not let him hang up the phone. We still have the sentencing phase to go, but this is a huge victory not only for the family of both mahjong but, as his mother Alison told me a moment ago, this is a victory for black people in America. It's a signal that the tide is going to change here. Police officers are going to be getting to be held accountable for their actions and we believe that that will begin to change policing culture all over the world. It's it's a sad reality that this community waited on pins and needles to decide whether or not someone could be held guilty for killing an unarmed black man in his home while eating ice cream. This should have been automatic. This should have been anticipated and expected, but it is extremely rare and we from this day for we're making it will we're leading the way we were pushing so that it's not rare, but that this is common. That justice continues to roll down like waters and righteousness like a mighty stream, and now we're here today, because amber Geiger has now been convicted of murder for the death of Bolton, and we just hope that somehow someway we can get some healing in this community and we can get the proper training. So no other family can have to deal with with Bertram and Miss Alison, Alicia and Brent are now dealing with. Although we got a murder conviction, their lives will never be the same in this verdict is for Trayvon, Martin is for Michael Brown, yes for Sandra bland. It's for Tamir rice is for Eric Gardner is for Antoine Rose Jame aerobics for EJ Bradford, but Stefan Clark. We believe in the wisdom of this jury that that decision is in the hands of this jury and so I'm. We believe that both UM's life mattered and we want to see a sentence that reflects that to the Dallas nine to all of the people who are here. I want to say. Thank you because of your sacrifice. This family is able to see some form of justice in Dallas Texas, where many people at large in the community felt like it was hopeless I'm, so grateful to God that we see of a guilty verdict.