- we need you - the compassion that Natasha to keep out to meet ourselves. You had entry, we cleared our name, you'll pay um in the dodging behind holding the book without condom t-shirts. Were you - code, avatar, father down? We change between bathroom. He can't you can - okay um and they come to lunch you're, hiding those up our shoot. -. You just hop out teenage Queen, Tasha and chewy, putting to show you how to enter butter. Pop town number one check: Joseph, Oncale welfare secretary, Domonic, Brown, Thank You, mr. speaker with permission, I'll answer questions, one, seventeen, twenty and twenty three together and with your forbearance mayor start by paying tribute to my right honourable friend, the member for Southwest, sorry for the exceptional job he does foreign secretary and with the professionalism integrity with which he conducted himself. We are concerned about the situation in Kashmir. I spoke to foreign minister Jaishankar on the 7th of August. We want to see reduction in tensions in Kashmir, respect for internationally recognized human rights and steps on all sides to rebuild confidence. You gave me a wonderful said: she's in Kashmir is leading to a shortage of medicines, and hospital has been left unable to evade treatments for patients. This is because Kashmir cholera sees all of native Australia's medical supplies from India. We know feel this at your risk of major public health cases in Kashmir, as situation is not resolved. What stenciling, on batik, too soft well I, think gun, remember and he's quite right to talk not just about the theoretical nature of the dispute, but also what it means for communities in Kashmir. It's important that internationally recognized human rights are respected and fully respected, and the answer of the way through the tensions is by a constructive political dialogue. The dispute between India and Pakistan in relation to Kashmir is for them fundamentally to resolve as recognized in UN Security Council resolutions, and indeed the similar agreement. Dr. Paul William speaker, the Kashmiri community in Stockton south, are understandably concerned about the safety and human rights of the people of Kashmir. Can I ask the Secretary of State whether he believes that there's a role for the United Nations or other independent parties to monitor and report on the alleged human rights abuses? So we can assure the Kashmiri people are protected well I. Thank the Honorable gentleman he'll know that they're happying UN Security Council resolutions on the situation in Kashmir in the past. It is something that the General Assembly has looked at that fundamentally, though, they also recognize that the dispute over Kashmir between Pakistan and India is for them to resolve, but he makes the points and others will and have, that there are internationally recognized human rights at stake. They are duties owed to the international community at large. We certainly will be scrutinizing and looking carefully to see that they're respected were unveiled. Mr. speaker, there was a big protest in Sheffield on Saturday. If people who felt that the Foreign Secretary's response to the crisis is frankly, not being good enough, so will he commit to working through the United Nations and the Commonwealth to strengthen international pressure on India, to restore Kashmir special status and to work with both India and Pakistan? To secure a long-term solution based on the 1948 resolution of the UN for a plebiscite for the people of Kashmir to determine their own future I. Thank the Honorable gentleman who makes his concerns in a powerful way and I understand how keenly they're felt and I have already referred, not just to the UN Security Council resolutions. But the similar agreement is not correct to say that we have not been seized of this issue. The Prime Minister spoke to the Indian Prime Minister Modi on the 20th of August and the Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan on the 7th of August I raised concerns about the situation with the Indian Foreign Minister Josh shank on the 7th of August and obviously will be looking and very carefully monitoring the situation and talking to international partners in relation to it now. Listen to us, the large Kashmiri community in Glasgow central are deeply concerned about their friends and relatives in Kashmir, particularly with the media blackouts, and the curfew has been imposed. Can I ask what he's done to raise both of those issues and I can ask further. He intends to do to ensure that the sight of many people have the right to self-determination. Well I. Thank the Honourable lady on both of those issues that she's raised in relation to detentions, potential mistreatment and also the communications blackout. Blackouts I've raised both of those issues with the Indian Foreign Minister. The Indian government has made clear that they are only temporary nur's, a strictly required and mu course want to hold them to that undertaking. Steve Baker speaker in Wickham events in Kashmir are of the most profound and immediate importance to thousands of my constituents, because British Kashmiris often have family and friends are not one, but sometimes both sides of the line of control and they're in frequent FaceTime email and Skype contact, just like anybody else, even to the second or third generation of Michael. While my right nor friend, agree with me that in such circumstances they must have active representation not just from their enemies but from the government and look Willie. Therefore join me in saying that the time has come to reassure them on the human rights of their families and their friends to ask for independent observers. In Kashmir can I thank my honourable friend and I know the scale of the community. He has in Wickham I believe it's over 10,000 I understand how keenly it is felt amongst Kashmir ease and Wickham, but also right across the country. The issue of human rights is not just the bilateral issue for India or Pakistan or a domestic issue. It's an international issue and then he's absolutely right to say that we should, with all of our partners, expect internationally recognized standards of human rights to be complied with, respected speaker following the action by the Indian government in Kashmir on 15th August, the day of Indian independence, a group of British Indians had gathered outside the High Commission, the Indian High Commission in London. However, they were attacked by members of another community. Would my right own friend confirmed that the violence and abuse targeted towards the British Indian community on this occasion is completely unacceptable, as it would be against any community on the streets of the UK I. Thank my honourable friend is absolutely right. Any violence is deplorable. They shouldn't be conducted in this country or anywhere else for that matter. At any individual communities, what we now need to do is try and reduce those tensions, but also on a positive side, build up confidence-building measures to allow proper dialogue and proper dialogue between the communities in Kashmir, but also between India and Pakistan Nonnie community mi Indian community, who are very concerned about the Kashmir situation. The revocation of article 370, without involving the Kashmiri people, was particularly heinous and if Amnesty International is to be believed and I think it is, we should learn from their a anger crisis to know that this is another crisis emerging. Now we must take the firm steps to condemn it and do what we can well I. Thank my honourable friend. We are aware of the implications of the revocation of article 370. It's caused interest and concern, not just within India and Pakistan, but amongst communities throughout the UK and internationally. It is a bilateral issue for India and Pakistan, but it is also an international issue. Given the human rights at stake. Well, Blackburn, Thank You. Mr. speaker, the it's been a long-standing policy of the government that the situation in Jammu Kashmir it's a bilateral issue, is also in this house that stands up for human rights and the protection of minorities. So therefore, does my right on a friend agree with me that the abolition of article 370, which discriminates against women and minority religions, is to be welcomed. Well, I think my honorable friend makes the point that there are different sides to this, but the the reality is. There have been widespread reports and concerns around detentions, mistreatment, the communication blackout. There is being UN Security Council discussion on Kashmir on the 16th of August, and so as well as wanting to respect the constitutional arrangements and within India and emulation to Kashmir. They do also have implications internationally, particularly as they touch on internationally respected and recognized human rights. Mr. speaker, I defer members to my register eventless for over four years. Mr Speaker I have stored in this place and warned members of the ongoing persecution, oppression and injustice that the sons and daughters of Kashmir face on a daily basis and that situation has now escalated. As a result of the revocation of article 370 and 35 a and the humanitarian situation as a result of the blockade, the reality is, we see up to 10,000 people arrested without due process. We see food, food shortages receive medicine shortages. This is a humanitarian crisis and the United Nations Security Council to meet and not even agree. A condemnation is not something that this house should welcome. What is the minister doing to end the draconian blockade in the very least I think we obvious to the Honorable gentleman as much as I sympathize with his concerns and understand the heartfelt way in which he makes this point that we cannot alone in that bouquet. There has been a discussion about it within the UN Security Council, and the point I would make is that all in any allegations of human rights violations are deeply concerning. They must be investigated thoroughly promptly and transparently. Brevity from daim Jerrel Gilliam, like the Honourable member for Wickham I, have many constituents that are highly concerned about this. The revocation of 35 article 35 a actually affects the property ownership and right sin in Jammu and Kashmir, and many of my constituents are very frightened that this could lead to a dramatic transformation from majority Muslim to majority Hindu. The new Prime Minister is famed for being robust. Can he now be robust in defending the rights of these people and their families? My my right honorable friend has raised the issue in the way that others have but I think in a particularly poignant way. The the reality is the issues around human rights we've raised. We've been clear both in our direct dealings with the Indian government, but also the international level there. Any reports allegations of human rights must be dealt with transparently and thoroughly and rigorously in those human rights standards must be respected. Mckenna's. Thank you. Mr. speaker, alongside the revocation of article 370, the Indian authorities have detained more than 4,000 Kashmiris without charge in the last month, not just political activists but ordinary civilians. There are widespread allegations of torture and many families do not know where their loved ones are being held. This is no way for the largest democracy in the world to behave, let alone a member of the Commonwealth. So can a Minister of State tell us what protests he has made to India about those detentions? Well, as I explained to the house and I'm happy to repeat again the Honourable lady, the the concerns an issue she's raised are very serious. I raised them directly with Prime Minister, Joyce shankha on the 7th of August and to answer the shadow foreign secretaries at point. Yes, specifically the issue of detention as well as the blackouts we made clear our concern and that we need to see particularly the great democracy as she says, internationally recognized human rights respect it mr. state just of adventure, Thank You. Mr. speaker. With your permission, sir I will answer questions 2, 5 and 15 together on the 27th August. My right, humble friend, the foreign secretary, spoke to the Brazilian foreign minister. Mr. Raju I will also be seeing the Brazilian ambassador mr. arruda tomorrow, to reaffirm our commitment to working in partnership with Brazil on a range of issues, including the environment, in response to the very serious the Prime Minister at the g7, er announced 10 million pounds, protection and restoration of rainforest, and that's in addition to the 120 million pounds of funding we provide through our other programs, Thank You mr. speaker, mr. speaker, Wells, who welcome the 10 million pounds. The UK government has committed to help and restore Amazonian rainforest. This is paltry compared with the amount spent and advertising for a brexit. The battle can the phone sex a tell me if the money is spent by local partners in a way that ensures indigenous people will take charge of the process to reforest their homes and protect the planet. And what further funding is he willing to pledge today? Mr Speaker I welcome the Honorable gentleman's passion for the issue. I can confirm that we spend 120 million pounds through our international climate finance program that goes to help deforestation. It goes to help sustainable farming and it complements the trading activities that we have with Brazil, which ensure the Brazilian economy grows and prospers, including for those farmers who are also part and parcel of the problem burning. Some of the rainforest Sykes now mr. speaker, over 120,000 people, have already petitioned this Parliament urging trade sanctions to be used against Brazil to put pressure on them. Given her a minister was in Brazil recently what pressure was put on by the government. My humble friend, the member for Bournemouth West, was there as part of that international trade obligations to ensure that we build trade with our strategic partners such as Brazil I, will be seeing the Brazilian ambassador tomorrow, making clear that we want to help Brazil with its difficulties in those terrible fires, but also make clear we want to trade with them, because that is a way of building their economy and ensuring the sorts of fires of the currently raging are put out and stant president said they will attempt to block the America search trade agreement. If Brazil continues its environmental, a commitments. Does the foreign secretary or Minister agree with me that the burning of the Amazon is a human and environmental tragedy that requires a global solution and it's no time for meal fragile meal, Eagles or social media spots, and what steps has he taken to ensure that situations like these receive an urgent and immediate multilateral response now and in the future? Mr Speaker I hope that the Honorable lady will not think that my response is in any way macho. My concerns to make sure my concern is to make sure that the trade with our two countries prospers and to make sure that the Mercosur arrangement succeeds. It will result in something like 91% of present tariffs being removed. That can only be to the benefit of Brazilian farmers. It can only be to the benefit of the Brazilian economy and I say if we do that, we help ensure that these sensible trade arrangements are made. Those files can be precise and they'll start. It's been suggested that changes to trade flows between the US and China may be fueling. Some of the Amazon rain forest fires. Does my honourable friend agree that all leading nations should be working together to stop this devastation from what conversations are happening with other leading countries? Well, my white on will friend the Foreign Secretary met other foreign ministers at give neck earlier this week. He has made clear the concern that we have for those fighters also made absolutely clear the importance that we believe the trade has to building economies in South America in the Far East, which encourages a better response to these sorts of tragedies. James gray, speaker, a deforestation in the in the Amazon is indeed a catastrophe of global and generational proportions. We must, of course, do the right things about it and very much welcome the pressure that the minister is described, but was he not also not aware of the fact that deforestation in the Amazon has decreased quite considerably over the last 20 years was very, very bad is very much less bad than it was, and equally that the level of decrease. Therefore, in the size the forest has been reduced and with the problem is there from agree with me that this is a domestic matter for the Brazilian government and we must persuade them to do the right thing rather than confronting them or berating them or Mr. Speaker I certainly think it is better to talk rather than engage in megaphone hectoring. Deforestation has increased over the last few years. It had been increasing, in fact in Brazil, since 2015 some way before the present government took office. I think it's right that we engage with them, that we try to persuade them to use sensible methods to reduce and stop this problem. It is an international concern, and that is why we've raised it and we will continue to raise it with the Brazilian authorities in a firm having spent some of the summer in the Ecuadorian rainforest, a part of the same Amazon rainforest that we're talking about and what other countries have actually made representations to Brazil about the damage that they're doing to the world, not just to Brazil. Well, mr. speaker, the fires that are currently raging don't just affect Brazil. They also affect, for example, Bolivia Bolivia is concerned about it as as Venezuela, as is Peru, as is Colombia, so I. Think. An international response is helpful. Then, certainly those countries around that can help Raziel with its difficulties, should be encouraged to do sing-alongs goodman. Mr. speaker, mr. speaker, the fires have affected 640 million acres of Amazon rainforest and in his answer just now the minister has revealed, but he does not understand. The problem with the Mercosur trade deal is that cutting beef tariffs, incentivizes destruction of the rainforests I want to ask him what proposals is the government going to put forward at the Chile conference on climate change in November yeah? Mr. speaker, as the Honourable lady ought to know, high agricultural tariffs hurt the poorest that will only encourage them to do the easy thing which is to burn land rather than to farm it sustainably and to protect. The rainforest. Mercosur is a sensible free trade agreement that should be encouraged and in the fullness of time, I trust that we also will undertake a free trade deal with Brazil. More details of that I'm sure are to come. Question number. Three, mr. speaker, number three. Well then, foreign secretary, the permission, mr. speaker, I'll, answer questions three four: six and 13 together. We are seriously concerned and increasingly concerned about the situation in Hong Kong. Of course we condemn any violence, but we absolutely support the right to peaceful, lawful protest on Hong Kong. The route to resolution through the current situation is via meaningful political dialogue taken forward under the high degree of autonomy that Hong Kong has under the model of one country, two systems' Virendra Sharma, Thank You. Mr. speaker I welcome the new foreign secretary to his position and congratulate him to taking up the role at a time of such calm. I asked his predecessor in June whether he would extend an invitation to any Hong Kong citizens at risk from persecution. Will the sakti of state do his moral duty under the 1984 joint declaration, yeah? Well I. Thank the Honorable gentleman and I respect the fact that he's got a long-standing interest in this, of course, under the one country, two systems model, and it's manifestation through the joint declaration signed between the UK and China, which has treaty status, we gave a range of residents of Hong, Kong, BN, o status and the importance I. Think of that is that we don't want to unpick one part, at least at this point in time. One part of the one country two systems model. If we do that, we risk it not being respected on the Chinese side, even Hammond, Speaker and I. Welcome. My right honourable friend, whose position can I say I, was pleased to hear his comments about the steadfast support for you from the UK government for the joint declaration in the one country. Two systems' principle. Can you make sure that we continue to reiterate that very strongly, because that is a mechanism for driving peace in this solution? My honourable friend is absolutely right. I've raised these issues with the Chinese Foreign Minister state councilor Wang Yi, on on the 31st of July I also spoke to the Hong Kong chief executive Carrie Lam on the 9th of August. We support the one country two systems model. It's important that as reflected in the joint declaration and the treaty, binding obligations that have been made, including to the people of Hong Kong, including to respect the rights of lawful and peaceful protests that that's adhered to on all sides. Thank you. Mr. speaker may also welcome their secretary of state to his position. The Hong Kong police recently made further arrests, including that of a 12 year old girl. Violence is escalating with reports that police are now using live rounds in conjunction with tear gas and water cannons. Can I ask the minister the Secretary of State. What representatives he has made to the Chinese government to ensure violence is met with a proportional police response and miners caught up in the protest movement are adequately safeguarded. Yeah man will friend is actually arrived. I have raised these issues both with the Chinese Foreign Minister, but also with the chief executive in relation to the conduct of the police, and let's also recognize some of the violence on the ground that they've got to deal with, but in relation to disproportionate actions and overreactions. It's very clear. There is an Independent Police, Complaints Council carrying out inquiry, and the point I've made is that that has got to be credible. It's got to command the trust of the people of Hong Kong and that's what I think international observers will be looking to see on the sino-british joint declaration and how he's using that to engage with his counterparts in China. Is he able to give the house any any information on whether international fora can be used to help support the case that we are making? The China should uphold its obligations to the people of Hong Kong for the one country. Two systems approach well I can say to my honorable friend, is that I share his concern, but also the route through this to a to de-escalate the tensions and to respect the one country, two systems model that what I can also say is at the international level. More and more interlocutors are expressing their concern about this. This isn't just an issue for the people of Hong Kong, nor indeed us given I historic relationship with China and Hong Kong. This isn't it a now an issue of widespread international concern. Could the Foreign Secretary update the house on whether, in his conversation with miss Lam in on the 9th of August, did he raise specifically the question of moving towards universal suffrage to elect the chief executive and the legislative council members? Thank You honorable lady I talked with her about the short-term concerns we've got in terms of violence and protecting internationally recognized human rights standards, which of course, as the Honourable lady knows reflecting the joint declaration. But we also had a conversation exchange of you about how the fact that you've got such widespread protein long. This can't be put down to a small number who are engaged in violence and there needs to be meaningful political dialogue that touches on the deeper concerns that people have about the autonomy of Hong Kong be respected before a moaner Thank You. Mr. speaker, the demonstrators have acted largely peacefully, but everyone in the house will have seen the footage of the police acting in an unjustified and extremely violent manner. With that in mind who the foreign secretary commit to ensuring that the UK is not exporting crowd, control equipment, water cannon, tegus, etc. Until that independent quarry has been carried out and adequate safeguards have been put in place, and will he also encourage our international partners to do the same? Well, I can say to the honourable gentleman. This is something that we are now discussing more and more with our international partners on all sides of the world. It's not just European issue transatlantic ly. Those concerns as well. We've raised the issue of the disproportionate response that he's referred to. We've also recognized that there has been violence as well, and the answer and the solution to the situation we see is to reduce tensions to respect the lawful and peaceful right of protest of the people Hong Kong, but also to have moves and stepping stones towards the dialogue that will actually resolve this issue. Speaker I'd like to declare that I went this weekend to Hong Kong as a guest of a group of democracy activists to witness the overwhelmingly peaceful demonstrations. Does the foreign secretary agree that the fundamental problem here is that you've got people fighting for their rights under two systems? One country model when the authoritarian, State China wishes to replace that two systems. One country model with a one system, one country model. Well, a vulnerable friend- is very knowledgeable in this area and I respect the fact that he has huge expertise. It's not clear in truth, what the position on Beijing is in Beijing is actually I. Think if you look at all the public statements, they stick to and adhere to the position of one country. Two systems and I think that that provides the model that can actually resolve this. But we need to have respect for the lawful right of protest. We need to have stepping stones to build confidence towards a tract of political dialogue. That is the route through the the current situation and to avoided escalating any further. So Nikolas shows number six mr. Andrew Stevens Thank You mr. Speaker. We are gravely concerned at the heavy-handed response to protests in Harare on the 16th of August and the recent arrests and abductions of opposition figures. President Malinois must hold those responsible for human rights violations to account. We have made our position clear to the government of Zimbabwe. The UK support depends on fundamental political and economic reform. Zimbabwe must now translate their commitments into actions. Those speaker would my right on a friend agree that president Managua and his administration have been a grave disappointment to this country and indeed to their own countrymen, and would he agreed nevertheless, that the aid that we give to Zimbabwe, particularly the dividend that goes into education, is absolutely vital and has played an extraordinary good role in Zimbabwe and education, and will you show me that, at the same time as keeping up the pressure on human rights and making absolutely clear our horror of the behavior of President Managua and his gang of thugs, that we will continue to support the education system in Zimbabwe? Well, I think, my right, honourable friend, for his question. The UK provided 94 million pounds of aid to Zimbabwe in 2018-19. None of that money, though, is channeled through the government of Zimbabwe I would reiterate the point that the UK support ongoing support throughout. If it our work depends on fundamental political and economic reform in Zimbabwe. The minister agree with me that any semblance of the rule of law has now broken down in Zimbabwe, and we saw that just last week when a peaceful protest was banned at the very last minute by man and guy gone. What more is Her Majesty's Government doing to get Sadek and the African Union on board to make their views known about the appalling way that man and God were is treating the people of Zimbabwe? Well, thank the Honourable lady for her question. I know she has considerable expertise as chairman of the a PPG for Zimbabwe. We are very concerned about the human rights issues currently in the country. The violations, like those seen in January and August 2019 with the protests, have no place in a democratic society. We will continue to work with all international partners to ensure that those who are responsible are held to account. Mr. speaker, I'd, spoken to the Chief Minister mr. Picardo, by phone on a number of occasions in the last month, and indeed will speak to him again later. On this afternoon, we have regular ministerial contact, including through the joint Ministerial Council with Gibraltar, which has met 9 times since its formation. Three years ago, ministers and officials across government are working closely with the government of Gibraltar in preparation for brexit Gibraltar ears, mr. speaker, and will remain a vital part of our family, whatever the shape of our exit from the EU on the 31st of October Neil, Thank You. Mr. speaker, I refer to Whiterun register of interests. I welcome. My right honourable friend, to his post and I also welcome his early engagement with her Majesty's gamma to Gibraltar, but will he bear in mind and make it quite clear that we fully support Gibraltar, politically and in practical terms as that we need the European Union and, in particular, deal with the practical measures of that vast number of foodstuffs and workforce that currently come across the border that must be resolved before we leave well. Mr. speaker, no one is more Doughty in his championship of Gibraltar than my honourable friend and I'm grateful to him for his kind words. Let me assure him, as the Prime Minister has assured the Chief Minister, that the United Kingdom will protect your borders interests as we leave the EU and from 1967 to 2002 all points in between and six pencils. We have said that Gibraltar is to remain a vital part of our family. The government of Gibraltar is responsible for its own contingency planning that the UK government regularly speak and meets with ministers, as I have said, to ensure that they're robust plans are in place. Isn't the Minister aware that whether it's serger brought her or whether it's Hong Kong or whether it's in Bali people are struggling for the rights that they thought they had and they feel very common cause with people in the United Kingdom who are struggling to get their political rights, but they thought they had in this country? Isn't about time? We showed an example that we believe in parliamentary and political democracy in this house. Mr. speaker, that was quite a wide-ranging question that they need. Let me put it - the vulnerable gentleman in this way. This government is standing up for the rights of people, the seventeen and a half million people of our country that voted to leave the European Union and respecting those that didn't we'll make sure that we leave no ifs, no buts on the 31st of October. What assurances is the Minister sought from the Spanish government that it will respect your brought as territorial waters, both before we leave and after my humble friend makes an important point. We reject an object robustly to all incursions into Gibraltarian waters, I. Think, since the start of this year there have been 499 such incursions and we have made 499 objections. My old friend can be confirmed in his belief that we will support the people of Gibraltar Thank You. Mr. speaker, the minister I believe sports no deal brexit. How will the mr. ensure the people of Gibraltar that there will be no disruption of supply of goods, including food and medicine delays up for hours at the borders resulting in huge economic loss? Loss has leaked in the document yellowhammer. If this Minister believes that document yellowhammer is a dated, what is the updated solution? Mr. speaker, the Honorable gentleman is misinformed. I do not support No Deal I want a deal with the European Union a deal that works for Britain a deal that works for water, well, I'm prepared to leave with no deal. If we can't get the deal, that's good for us by the 31st of October. We engage regularly with the Spanish government. My right on the friendly foreign secretary spoke to foreign minister Borel very recently about this matter. I engage regularly as I've said, with the chief minister of Gibraltar. He assures me that Gibraltar is ready. We will make sure that your altar is ready, we'll make sure that we continue that dialogue with the Spanish government to ensure free flow of traffic people and goods across the border after we leave. Mr. mr. speaker, I'll answer questions 9, 10 and 14. Together last week, I attended the gimmick meeting of EU foreign ministers, I met with the foreign ministers of France Germany Ireland, the Netherlands Spain Cyprus and Finland. We discussed breaks it, but also the wide range of international foreign policy issues on which we will continue to cooperate beyond the 31st October from Hong Kong Tehran speak of club welcome the Foreign Secretary to his place and kalasa foreign secretary to confirm whether it's the case that the 90 strong negotiation unit has been disbanded, and if that is the case with regard to our foreign resources and diplomats, what more is being done across the eu-27 member states for us to get a deal to leave the European Union? Why thank berm honorable friend, we've actually strengthened increased the resources both in Brussels but across capitals to make sure not just that we're going to the EU with a very clear, reasonable, ask, backed up by the commitment in the resolve to leave at the end of October, but also with the staff from the personnel to navigate the nuances and explain our message very clearly to ITU friends. Trust is critical to international diplomacy. If so, would you agree that by threatening a catastrophic no deal and non-payment of the EU divorce bill, instead of being a global player on the world stage, he practices a dishonest and disturbed rival nation? Much like this well I thought the honorable lady, let's agree on trust and the importance of being very clear with our international partners, both on the reasonable ask we've made, but also on our commitment to leave the the EU end of October. What is also important is trust with the voters of this country who, on the labor side as well as the conservative side, said, we would respect referendum on our side, we're serious about fulfilling that promise. Nobody like nobody voted to leave with no deal and the very threat of no deal. There's leading the Pope to take two historic laws. That's nothing to be proud on. Is it not the case that we crash like, as as government, seems to want without a deal it's going to diminish the United, Kingdom economically, culturally and diplomatically, but I respect the honorable gentleman's views? I think you would say the same. Whatever the position of the government was I would just point him to, for example, the the view set out in the BBC on that a program by Mervyn King, a former governor of the Bank of England, not known to be in hock to the Tories or to Brick's it, but he said very clearly that actually we should get on with it and that actually, the the short-term risks were manageable, but there's also opportunities. That's the approach we take to speaker, mr. speaker. Our welcome to foreign state traitors place for now, of course, and I'm wondering if he's discovered that, as well as being particularly reliant on the Dover Cali crossing, we're all so reliant on good relations with our other European partners. So what impact will New Deal have on our relations and will he reassured our partners that this government still respects the rule of law? Yes, I can reassure the Honorable gentleman on all counts and, of course, one of the points that we've made to our EU partners, as well as making the reasonable offer that replaces the backstop, which will allow us to get an acceptable deal to this country. Is that we're willing to cooperate on all of the No Deal planning of preparation to make sure that we reduce the risk on all sides. But of course that will require the EU to engage to the same level. Courts actually say they will respect the rule of law and any legislation passed in this place, of course, but Mr Speaker there is no mandate for annuity or exit the foreign sector himself was among those who told us these deals would be really easy to sort out and an audio breaks it that he never mentioned, as channel 4 found out, was never on the cards. So it's clear is he willing to do this damaged her relationships with her closest partners, because the prime minister and the brakes are tears and this foreign secretary have no idea what they're doing? Well, it's the usual frothing frenzy from the honorable gentlemen. Morality is No, Deal was debated on both sides, including by me during the referendum, and it has been sourced. Look. The reality is also that it was a in/out referendum. We remain committed to a deal with the EU, but the worst thing that the one thing that would undermine our prospects of getting a deal is to allow the the the proposed bill that the Honourable member for leads is suggesting to go through. That would undermine our chances at this critical moment of the negotiation and can I both let up welcome the new forints actually to his position, and indeed, seemingly his entire new team. It certainly positions of chen and also to pay tribute to his predecessor, who served for 12 months with a concern and diligence that was so sorely lacking for the previous two years. I hope that the new foreign secretary will follow the right example. He will be aware of the concern of people across the country facing health conditions like schizophrenia and epilepsy, for whom the yellow hammer leaks reveal. It will not be possible to stockpile medicines, and these people will be left exposed and at grave risk because of the shortages that will follow in no deal brexit. So can I ask the foreign secretary a simple question: has the government asked for legal advice on how Coronas would be expected to record the deaths of anyone who loses their life after the October, the 31st, through the entirely preventable medicine shortages, can I? First of all, thank the shadow foreign secretary for her generous welcome the despatch-box in relation to No Deal in the issue of medicines, the UK has a long-standing relationship with pharmaceutical companies through the NHS hundreds of vaccines and medicines, whereby we do stockpiling without any context or brexit because of the ordinary course of events both.