A monk in Sri Lanka, yelling death threats at a police officer. This speech was made by Nana's another openly advocating violence and young Buddhist setting the homes of Muslims ablaze in Myanmar. It isn't exactly what most people associate with Buddhism a faith largely seen as peace-loving calm and meditative, but increasingly this angry violent side of Buddhism has started to take root in some countries. Well, it's a minority of people using Buddhism as an excuse for violence. There is still a noticeable rise to understand why we first need to know that, like other religions, Buddhism is broken into sects. There are over 500 million Buddhists around the world, with the majority found in Asia, Eastern, Buddhism or Mahayana is by far the largest group with 360 million followers. Most followers live in China and eastern parts of Asia northern Buddhism, also known as Vajrayana, has 18 point 2 million adherents. This is the form of Buddhism practiced by those that follow the Dalai Lama. It's concentrated mostly in places like Tibet and Bhutan, while southern Buddhism or tera vaada has a hundred and fifty million followers concentrated in Thailand Sri, Lanka Myanmar and some in Cambodia and Laos the Sri Lanka Burma Thailand. You have Theravada Buddhism, which is the majority belief of the people in sri lanka at seventy. Five percent of the population in Burma is 88% and in Thailand 93 years old, it's within the confines of tera vaada Buddhism, where some monks have found a justification for violence. Dr. Peter lair has researched the rise of extreme Buddhism and says there are a number of reasons why they feel emboldened to propagate violence. First Buddhism is under siege. We need to defend ourselves. Second step. A defensive warfare or defensive violence is acceptable in Buddhism answered. It's not bad to fight against these people, because they're not really humans. Most experts agree that the roots of Buddhist extremism actually lie in the British colonial past during the colonial period in Sri Lanka. Is that the Brits kind of practiced, as they do in other parts of the world or in other parts of the world kind of divide and divide and rule philosophy? Buddhist nationalists saw their own way of life and religious beliefs as being under threat from minority communities like Muslims and that fear boiled over into violence. Violence, that's being openly called for by some radicalized monks. Today, these monks used to take their message to the towns and communities they visited, but in the Internet age. That message is reaching a wider audience at lightning speed online. It used to be DVDs and CDs and all the stuff. What is it go straight to YouTube it's happening everywhere. Buddhist extremists are active and groups like Myanmar's ma Fatah rebranded as the Buddha Dhamma Paquita foundation after being banned in 2017, and the anti Islam 969 movement, as well as Sri Lanka's bhaji polisena are now using social media to organize and galvanize I'm. In a few of these, you know single, a Buddhist nationalist groups on whatsapp, and it's quite obvious that whenever there's kind of anti-muslim riding going on, you know addresses get shared in these groups. It's tough to police. These groups till it's too late and last year, Facebook acknowledged that they didn't do enough to stop violence propagated by extreme Buddhists on their platform in Myanmar. You can be sure that thousands and thousands of people watching that the result- fire bombings, beatings, mob attacks and forced migrations. We followed a fire engine into this neighborhood and we went in and houses were on fire. There were hundreds of young Buddhist men on on motorbikes riding around the neighborhood with sticks and with with swords singing nationalist songs. The Muslim minority had been driven out. Journalists have also found themselves targeted and threatened by Buddhist nationalists, particularly in Myanmar, for reporting on the plight of the rahaga who were driven out of their homes in Rakhine, State and forced into refugee camps in Bangladesh. That's what happened to me because I started reporting about this from 2013 and I started getting threats on social media in Sri Lanka. The same story, minority communities targeted by Sinhalese, Buddhist nationalists, the main one that's active today- is the Buddha Bala say now: it was founded in 2012, I, believe and they've, been at the forefront of kind of very vibrant, anti-muslim, prosing Hollow Buddhist activism in the country. The violence has largely been confined to these two countries for now, but there is concern that it could soon crop up in other parts of Asia, where Muslims have a small, yet visible minority community. It is something that we should be worrying. What really surprised me was when I went to one of this rally or gathering up the Buddhist nationalist back in 2016. I saw a few Buddhist nationalists from Thailand participating in Myanmar and experts agree. It's concerning for the entire region. What's also very ominous is that Buddhist groups, monk groups, are now connecting the dots basically getting aliens across the country borders. So what's the answer to start moderate Buddhists need to be the stronger voices, but that's not an easy feat, and even banning groups like ma bata in Myanmar and declaring them illegal hasn't stopped. The spread of hate I have to think twice as a moderate long to do something against this. These features of hate because they are well organized. It's not only other monks that need to speak up, but politicians and world leaders too. Many have been waiting for Nobel Peace Prize winner and Burmese politician uncensor Chi to take a stand against violence in Myanmar, but so far she hasn't there could be a lot more done. Hong Sun, Tzu Chi, for example, has huge support among the population, but it's an issue that she, for political reasons, probably feels very uncomfortable touching for now. Extreme Buddhist views preaching hate and intolerance remains a concern. Its consequences, far-reaching, as persecuted minorities, seek shelter in other countries around the world and as nations in the region, keep a close eye on Buddhist, nationalist and tolerance of others to prevent the spread of violence to other areas in the future.