Today, we're here to announce that criminal charges have been laid against the driver of the West burrow station fatal bus collision from January 11th of this past year. The charges that have been laid are three counts of dangerous driving, causing death and 35 counts of dangerous driving, causing bodily harm. But I can tell you, as we've gone through this investigation, keeping the families up to date on developments has been a key priority for us, and our investigative team I know that this is likely difficult news for many people to hear I want to express my deepest condolences to all of those who have their lives change on that tragic day. You were always top of mind. As this investigation progressed, the Ottawa police collision investigators worked relentlessly to assess a mass of information to determine the cause of that tragic event. On that day, that impacted our entire community. Our victim crisis unit has worked every step of the way, with the community, with our own police community and first responder community, to make sure that the supports were there for the people that needed it. As we progressed through this incident as court proceedings are unfolding, we're mindful that the community and the police continue to grieve about this incident. So, as I indicated, it was a very complex investigation that took time. One thing we knew was that this was a very traumatic incident for our community and our community and our Police Service took that very seriously. So we led an exhaustive investigation that included technical aspects that included reconstruction, that included, as I indicated interviewing of about a hundred people hundred different people. Some involved some witnesses, and that takes time, and we knew that it was our responsibility to do an absolutely thorough job. What that thoroughness did is it allowed us to, at this point, be able to release these charges and present the person before courts within I? Think the last week, or so we did. We made a determination that we would be ready to proceed with charges today. No sir, it was completely to do with the investigation. We've been very fortunate to work with the crown attorney's office to tell go through all of the information that we had in relation to this investigation, and the determination that we've made in conjunction with the crown attorney's office is that the actions of the driver that day did meet a criminal stress hold, and that's why those charges are in front of you too. As a result of our thorough investigation, it's been determined that there is no criminal liability by the city in terms of how it contributed to this accident, and in that there will be no charges laid against the city, and there will be no more further charges coming out of this investigation.