First day back to work for city councilors had no shortage of fireworks. Things seem to be going smoothly during the day. Up until the point award, 11 councillor Jeremy Farkas, attempted to add a motion to the agenda, which would have called for increased transparency in city spending, essentially, contracts and expenses that exceed $10,000. The city would need to disclose that now a move such as that would have required the support of two-thirds of city councillors. It didn't have it and will now have to wait for another meeting. It was at that moment when things really went off the rails, especially for mayor Nenshi and councillor shanshu new, but I asked the question the clerk you don't have to be so bitchy I'm. Sorry to be quite frank with you parliamentary, why don't you apologize? Thank you over I'll have to ask you: have you removed sir, go ahead? Okay, are you gonna withdraw that comment, because you can't insult other members of council all right, then I'm gonna have to ask you to leave. No I'm gonna have to ask you to leave council eat you and you have to sit down. You don't make the rules here, sir I'm waiting for answer no you're, not because that was in you know. You have a point of privilege called against you, sir, and you have to respond to the point of privilege. Again the rules don't change, so you either have to withdraw your comment or you have to leave. Those are your choices, but that's not a swerving. No, it's insulting, sir okay. Others like okay, that is you so yes, I'm, sorry, I, say something insulting, but stop being a little kid, sir. Every time you say something of privilege here you have to stop Council assume day, one of a council back in the fall. As a reminder. What did the councillors say after that meeting Matthew yeah Dallas afterwards, the mayor and councillors Shuai? They seemed to calm down a little bit, but they were sort of sticking to their guns after the session was done and our cameras caught up to them and hear what they had. Here's what they had to say, I, think, what's important for my colleagues on city council to remember is that citizen X citizens expect better. They expect folks who are prepared who know what they're doing who have done their homework, who are not grandstanding and who are focused on what's right for the city, not on what may or may not be right for their political career. It's very frustrating. We have so-called a leader of a city. Camisole continuously only one have one opinion, that's his and nobody else matters. That's now right, I'm, not only one few minutes. After what I have said, you heard that other councillor also challenged him as well. Basically, on the same point, so the other councillor I have spoken to, they feel the same way. It's just that they is the mayor. Yes, there you have a Dallas day, one of the fall session, councillor Chu and Mayor Nenshi, not getting along I, don't want to say for certain, but I'm, not sure. If they're going to be exchanging holiday cards at this December.