We good to go yeah. Let's do this. Thank you all for being here. Thank you for joining us in the eye of a firestorm between one fire. That's hit us in anticipating a crazy wind event. What they're, calling historic and dire coming up on Saturday I want to thank. First of all, the governor governor Newsom Tom Porter CalFire mark Gillard uchi. All of our elected representatives have got McGuire here. Our state senator Jim wood. We got the mayor, Hills burg, city manager, Celeste our public health official here in Sonoma County, our congressman Jared Huffman, our sheriff Marc ESSEC and many more susan gorin. It's great to see you my colleague here this is this. Is the team? That's deploying and I want to. First of all thank the state because they have sent the Armada. We have a fleet out there right now going after the fire, the Kincaid fire, in a way that it needs to be done in the next two to three days to prepare for another wind event, which is really making us bristle a little bit and but at the same time we have had the partnership and the resources deployed and I've had a lot of people who told me out of all the incidences I've seen they have not seen this kind of force come in and this kind of coordination so have them gone through this two years ago, and you coming out with us it's a crazy time to say here we are again, but we are more prepared than ever. You can tell by the sense on the ground and the individuals there's not that same Friends frenzy that was there before, but at the same time this is going to test us so we're in a situation right now, thank you for being here and taking a lead on an issue that none of us decide to be leaders on, but we have to embrace and go with so I'm gonna pass it on over to the governor, and thank you all so much. Thank you. Thanks for all your leadership and let me thank the elected officials assembled by me. But, more importantly, let me thank the men and women out of the frontlines that are keeping you safe and doing heroic work, not only those that wear the badge of your local jurisdiction and the state Cal Fire, but folks that are providing mutual aid from all throughout the state of California and from outside of the state of California I was just down in Southern California and the new fire sparking in San Diego. We are monitoring two fires in Los, Angeles, County and two fires here in Northern California, though the Muir fire seems to be substantially under control, the biggest concern, obviously in the northern part of the state, is Kincaid, and while we are enjoying a moment of respite away from the wind events, as the supervisor said, we're expecting those winds to whip back up on Saturday evening into Sunday, potentially dissipating. We hope on Monday, and so the expectation of these now commonly referred to PSPs the de-energization, it's likely to occur at scale again into the weekend, despite the fact that now we're down to about 6700 customers that are currently be energized in the PG&E territories. So this is multifaceted. We are a nation state, so we are conducting ourselves all across this state by allocating appropriate resources and, as the supervisor said, we've never had more resources in this space than we do today will be bringing in 747 into the area for exclusive use in the state of California. You'll see that aircraft in the very near future, meaning in the next number of hours we've got our DC tens up. There we've got other suppression equipment in the air, those that often don't see that suppression in the air should just know this there's a reason. It's not because we're neglecting it's because of conditions that are not appropriate for those aircraft. Not only the issues of suppression in the air related to wind conditions or literally clarity, issues inversion that layer where you need to get low and if you can't actually get low, there's no point in bringing those aircrafts up, but that does not deny the work, that's being done underneath the hand, crews that are out there, the bulldozers that are out there and the lines that are being drawn in and around the fire to contain it. We have the best in the brightest in this business. That's not a governor saying that I'm not paid to say that it's not because I think that it's because I know that, because I've had the experience you have, the experience here in the North Bay have seen it firsthand some of the finest folks that exist in the business, doing heroic work and they are preparing for Saturday night they're preparing for Sunday and they are working with meteorologists they're working with data. That's state-of-the-art they're, working with new ladar technology, new radar technology, new satellite technology and working with our federal partners, not just our local partners in concert to develop strategies and to map and anticipate the movement, not only a Kinkaid fire but the other fires. The ticke fire in particular in Los Angeles County. That obvious are opposing most of the anxiety and concern. I, don't want to go back, but I do think it's important to remind folks of some of the preparation. It's been interesting. The coverage that was given, though, understandably it was given to the new technologies, were rolling out on cameras. We have substantially increased our investment in last year's budget and we are expecting to significantly enhance that in future years, for more technology allows that early detection. Through these cameras, you saw the specific benefits of that camera and the Kincaid fire in terms of allowing us earlier response times and the like, but we also were aided by pre positioning. We put an historic amount of money this year to pre position assets all around the state. We were the beneficiary of that pre positioning here and, as a consequence, I think mitigated what may have been an even more extreme event. One again we continued to manage as we speak, and that is complementary to those assets that include new Blackhawk helicopters, 109 million dollars in the budget for procurement of those helicopters, new c-130s, seven of them that we have procured that are now being rolled in to the fleet. It will take some time to implement the inclusion of that entire feat, but those assets are now underway. Those investments have been made historic vegetation management investments, proactive efforts to address the vulnerabilities of 200 communities in this state through some forest management and vegetation management techniques. That required me to declare an emergency before an emergency and that work is being complimented by the National Guard. Let's we took off a political operation on the border to Mexico and brought substantial number of the National Guard to complement our hand, crews and our vegetative management work and by the way, thank you to the National Guard for the extraordinary work they're doing, and they continue to provide resources that are pre-positioned as well and will aid and abet our efforts. I want to thank the Department of Justice and their work to address issues that we consider at these moments. Price gouging people don't take advantage of vulnerable communities, people that make runs on groceries and gas. We want to make sure that they're, safe people are being respectful. People aren't panicking, but also that people aren't taking advantage of this situation. We are working with California chamber and we are working with our business agency. We refer to as go-biz to make sure that people are aware that people are still open for business in this community that we want to continue to see commerce. We want to consider continue to see tourism, as is appropriate in certain areas, and we are mapping that out and promoting the same. We are working double-time to address the issue of Health and Safety, our Department of Health and Human Services, working with the counties working with the cities to make sure the most vulnerable reached out to wellness visits, efforts at the local level, working with the hospitals to make sure people are appropriately taking care of. This remains a vexing issue and a top priority for all of us. Accordingly, we are working to provide resources for those that have had business interruption and those individuals that have lost their homes. I just visited number of structures that were destroyed a familiar sight to all of us, devastating sight to those impacted lives literally torn asunder, and we wanted to make sure that they have quick access to cash and reimbursements. I want to compliment and thank the president, United States Donald Trump for his quick actions through FEMA on securing our what we call F mag, which allows initially 75 percent of our costs associated with these efforts to be reimbursed. We want to compliment their willingness to engage as quickly as they did its consequence of that in the consequence of the two emergency declarations that I've announced here in Sonoma County and in Los Angeles County. We are moving as expeditiously as we can final point and then we'll get you the folks in uniform the experts that you came here to get updated on the 16,000 acres and that 5% containment on the Kincaid fire in particular. But that is the issue of resources that the state anticipated in a circumstance like this I want to compliment senator McGuire Assemblyman wood for their leadership, their stewardship for their steadfastness for their demands of me and their colleagues to prepare for this wildfire season. Because they've had enough, as representatives of this community, we put 75 million dollars up in the budget to anticipate these blackouts. Today, we're announcing that we are distributing those funds. 26 million dollars has now been made available immediately for counties. Counties like those the two representative Supervisors are responsible for those dollars will be based grants depending on population. Those that have been impacted by blackouts will have additional resources and then will have the ability to provide proportional resources based upon need up to 26 million dollars immediately. We are providing money as well to the big 13 cities, $500,000 based grants and additional resources, above that, based on the discretion of our Office of Emergency Service, also tribal lands. We were just up at River Rock, which, by the way, did a heroic job, keeping their structure safe and by the way, keeping other structures safe. They have a million gallon well up there or at least I guess, cistern of sorts or storage capacity which we were able to utilize and draw down. There were resources there over night, getting the benefit of their work, we're providing money for our tribal lands as well, and then reimbursements, tens of millions dollars for state agencies. So they can move quickly to address the needs in a discretionary manner for communities impacted by these blackouts impacted by this disruption. So that's a broad strokes overview. I want again just thank the extraordinary heroism of the men and women that are out there on the frontlines I want to thank all the complementary agencies for their hard work. I want to thank the elected officials for their steadfastness and their stewardship and I want to once again say this. We should not have to be here years and years of greed years and years of mismanagement, particularly with the largest investor owned utility in the state of California PG NE. That greed has precipitated in a lack of intentionality and focus on hardening their grid under grounding their transmission lines. They simply did not do their job. It took us decades to get here, but we will get out of this mess. We will hold them to an account that they have never been held in the past. We will do everything in our power to restructure PG&E, so it is a completely different entity when they get out of bankruptcy by June 30th of next year. We will hold them accountable for the business interruption and costs associated with these blackouts, and we will do the same with the other two investor owned utilities in Southern California. We have a new president of the PUC. She was up in Redding having public hearings and she will take them to task mark my word: it is a new day of accountability, a new day of transparency, but I cannot look any of you in the eye and honestly say that we can snap our fingers and address a decade of mismanagement, and while I have been here nine months, unfortunately, I have not been here nine years and I will do my best to make sure that we are never again in this position, but I do want folks to know the kind of investments that are necessary, we'll take a little bit of time, but with all due respect, not ten years. This is not the new normal. This cannot continue. The system simply cannot absorb it, but nonetheless we have to recognize. We are living in a new world, particularly in a state like ours, after a five-year, historic drought, after 15 of the 20th most destructive fire seasons, just since 2000 because of climate change. Yes, because the Hots are getting hotter and the drys are getting drier and the wets are getting wetter which has aided and abetted these grass fires because of those rains that went later into the season. Now that are drying up, we have a unique responsibility and obligation to do more and better than any other jurisdiction anywhere in the United States of America will meet that moment. But please understand that moment cannot happen overnight, but I recognize it can't happen too soon and we are resolved and we are collectively rolling rolling rolling in the same direction. So that's my long-winded, preamble I know you all got that edited already. But now let me ask the head of the office of a mercy Service to update you on some more technical issues that I imagine you're interested in and also then ask the chief of Cal Fire to come up as well to talk a little bit more about how we're pre-positioned and how we are preparing for this weekend mark and she that we were gonna do is carry Muslim yen, agradecer todos que estan represent unload la comunidad latina. I algunos de nosotros que perder que se puede estar disponible para entrevista c otras cosas despues, tenemos, muchos, recourses, Yaqui, bien sûr, kita, tambien I own Centro comunitario in Ciudad de Hills burg, donde I'm, Mucha gente que habla espanol como premier lengua, yes, so sooner they'd, a los de las casas de los de las las cosas que está mejor, esta vez que hace dos anos si mucho mas integration and 3 las comunidades. So I just wanted to say that to anybody we we're working better and faster with multilingual community, and that's one of the things we wanted to relay to everybody. Thank you for Thank, You, governor, so on the fire I'm not going to give a full briefing on the fire. We can cover that on separate pieces and parts and questions as we as we move on. What we we do know is that we're about 2120 1,900, a KERS that, as of this morning, 5 percent contained we were working diligently on closing the doors that are still open on this fire. There's still a lot of open line. We have bulldozers hand, crews all working to to put line in to bring those containment numbers up, but with wind coming back to us, we're very concerned that we we not only get line in, but also have line that we can hold. So it's it's a fluid process right now. The fire is not moving a lot today, but it is just because we're in this kind of transition period and we're worried about the winds resurfacing. What I wanted to also spend a little time. The governor just mentioned we, we have put the 747 global super tanker on contract for California exclusive use. There are now three very large air tankers to dc-10s and the 747 all available to California. We are looking at what the next week has in store for us we're going to have whether that's going to continue to give us challenges. It's going to give us challenge, no matter what the spark is. So we have also our assets that we're working through the California National Guard and the governor's direction to have remote sensing capabilities to tell us when and where fires are starting 24/7, also making sure that we can get to fires early and get resources there put them out before they get big. We have been putting out more than 95% of the fires that are happening in California for the last several days at 10, acres or less. We have been very active. There are a few that have escaped. This is the kind of situation and season when those fires can happen, we're all aware of that. So we have up staffed we're working with local government director Gillard uchi will mention some of the some of the local government assets that we're bringing in the pre positioning. But all of this is a concert: ground resources, air resources, remote sensing, cameras that we're adding to the camera fidelity across the the the state through the governor's budget. All of these things are helping us to get better fidelity and get resources to where they need to be to protect lives and property. It's important for everybody to understand. This is the time of year when the fire starts that we can't put out in that early stage, it's going to start running in a direction and we're gonna have to evacuate. You have to work with your local, listen to your local law enforcement and fire officials and when they say it's time to go it's time to go, we have ready set, go you better, be set right now, have your go-bag ready when you're told to go go. This is life and safety that we're talking about, and it needs to happen then, with that I'm going to turn over the mic to director Gillard uchi good afternoon. So a couple things I want to mention. We have really as a result of the fire weather conditions that are now really in statewide, we're seeing hot dry windy conditions, red flag conditions throughout the state. We've had to really lean in and respond in a probably the largest way we have ever done. The governor mentioned a number of of ways: we're looking at situational awareness to drive all of that intelligence into the state, Operations Center, so that we can try to stay out in front of these evolving crisis situations. Now we understand that the PSPs is a is an element that is completing it more complex, and we know that we're coming off of a PSPs here shortly, but we're going to go into another PSPs event coming up here, Saturday evening into Sunday, and that may last a little bit longer and so in those are elements of a symptom of a larger problem that we're dealing with, and that is the fire weather and the red flag conditions. These are dangerous conditions and we want everybody, as the chief said, to take very, very close attention to that. The state operations center in Sacramento and all of our regional operation, centers, are all fully active, will remain fully activated 24/7 through the remainder of next week. We are in close coordination with all of our fire mutual aid assets. I want to highlight the chief cosna from Santa Rosa fire who's here and and our police chief from Santa Rosa ray Navarro is here as well as our board supervisor chair, David Rabbitt, we're working with all of these entities, local and state, and even our federal partners, to ensure that we have all the resources in place. For these events, as chief Porter mentioned, the goal is to try to keep these fires as small as possible. Part of that the governor mentioned was a allotment of funds in a new program to pre position, fire assets that are from local government and from state yes, and we have those we have pre-positioned those assets, these they're specialized strike teams or task forces here with in Sonoma County, as well as in Marin County and in Napa County and in Alameda County, so that so that these strike teams of engines can be immediately deployed to new starts they're. An augmentation of the existing forces that are on the ground and I really want to give a shout out to our State Fire and Rescue mutual aid system. Our local fire agencies that participate in that state program and are augmenting we're approaching this like a battle, and we have to really think about it as strategically as possible in our ability to get resources. That's good intelligence, situational awareness, good communications and having the right resources on the ground and, as chief were mentioned, a lot of that is the responsibility of each and every one of the citizens be prepared, be aware: have your equipment, your supplies, ready to go and, if told to evacuate, do so during a PSPs event, there are going to be conditions where gas stations may not have power. You should be thinking about that. Now having your cars, fueled up and ready to go, you should have a family plan, a communications plan power for your devices very important understand that there is extensive law enforcement capabilities within the county, as well as through our mutual aid system. We have also tasked the California Highway Patrol to up staff personnel for security throughout the power outage area, and we don't want you to make runs or get into conflicts at gas stations or at food stores. Think through that now and and plan accordingly to be prepared for when these events happen. So this is really sort of an unprecedented place that we are in as a state, but as the governor said, we will get past it and we will get through it together in an effort to be able to be better as we move out through the other side of yes, okay Who am I going to now. Why don't we bail ourselves to any questions and can have at any of us yeah? You know, we saw I mean just smaller versions of what has become all too familiar up here from 17 and 18, and that's homes completely destroyed cars that looked like they've, been in a war zone and everything all but melted down, except a few curious items right next door home, that's completely untouched. Then this the remarkable you know just serendipity, that is a fire. Then again, there are some that make perfect sense because defensible spaces were provided. It was more green people had focused on perhaps upgrading some of their materials on their roof and their decks and the like. But we we at this moment- and this is a number that will change. We have 21 structures, individual residential structures, rather that have been impacted and 4028 outbuildings, so yeah, so 28, outbuildings, 21 residential structures that we know of at this moment that have been destroyed. You see vineyards that have been impacted. Obviously, tremendous amount of land will assess the wildlife damage, but it's a big big area and there are a lot of hot spots still and there's still. A lot of suppression work that's needed, but we are benefiting because of this respite of the winds, and so people are out there as aggressively as they can be. For this moment. Well, we'll see that's what they say: I'm, not convinced that that's what they'll end up doing. We have a lot of tools in our toolkit: the Public Utilities Commission, a bankruptcy judge, a federal judge by the name of Judge, Allsop public opinion, morality, ethics, good business practice and judgment. All those things are on our side. Well, that's through the bankruptcy process. In order to come out of bankruptcy, they're trying to recapitalize, they have people from Wall Street that are trying to make a bid, Eliot managements, one of them well-known they're, doing their own internal bid. There's people that are looking at their assets potentially break them up. Gas division versus electric division. Cities like San Francisco, are making bids al San Jose the mayor said he was interested in making a bit. So all these things are happening and that's all part of this bankruptcy process. That's all part of them emerging out of bankruptcy, and my hope is not just my hope, but our efforts numbers for many many months as we've reached out to potential bidders, to see more people into the space and provide creative strategies to modernize this entity and determine whether or not it's simply too big. Oh, there are details that have been laid out. Specific plans have been presented to the bankruptcy judge. Take a look. The state is not making a bid to purchase PG&E. If that's the question that is not currently on our agenda. That being said, I said currently on the agenda. I'd lie: if I said there wasn't a discussion, there was a discussion, but I would also be errant if I said that discussion was conclusive, meaning that determination, an investigation was complete. It is neither determined, nor is that investigation complete this moment in our history, where millions of people are impacted throughout the state. Again again, I just want to paint a picture, because this is the northern part of the state in Southern California, not dissimilar experience, just not at the scale and scope. Edison is turning off the power. San Diego is turning off the power. San Diego has been doing it since 2007. Interestingly, the new San Diego fire is now occurred in and around where that 2007 fire occurred, where a lot of lessons were learned, aye, aye, aye, grant San, Diego, Gas and Electric. This no other utility, arguably in the country, is more successful in their strategies for de-energization, but it is a tool in their toolkit, but they are able to do it with precision a scalpel versus the scope and scale of PG&E, because they've made investments because they've been more intentional on focusing on you and public safety over them bonuses and shareholders, and that's the fundamental contrast between the way they operate and the way Pacific, Gas and Electric has operated over the last few decades. Well, that's why we're up here and I'd encourage you to rewind everything that was just said in terms of our proactive efforts to pre position assets, the extraordinary work that everybody you see around me is doing to make sure people are protected and people are made safe. The work that's been doing. People are knocking on every door. Looking at every structure, they're tagging those structures to see if they're, safe, they're out there doing everything they possibly can you're going to see more assets as the air clears up and the wind now has gone down more assets in the air. You've got bulldozers out. There. You've got line. Crews out there, they already proactively, anticipating where the weather is going, the wind conditions. What they'll look like it is remarkable. Our ability to protect predict the precision with precision the acuity of those winds, the gusts and then map out and anticipate how best to utilize our resources today, so that we could protect people tomorrow. That would be called fill a bailout. I doesn't surprise me that PG&E is looking for a bailout. We will not bail out PG&E well, I, say should be outraged, they should be infuriated and they should direct their ire at the mismanagement of Pacific, Gas and Electric who, for decades, have created conditions that led to this moment. That said, what we're anticipating right now we're down about what sixty seven hundred customers that are currently de-energized, and we should expect most of those customers to get back on today. Probably the latest view I imagine scattered tomorrow, but we expect more power outages Saturday evening at the moment into Sunday, hopefully turning back on on Monday, and we are doing everything in our power to mitigate the scale and scope of that and to make sure that they turn back the power on as quickly as they can. Let me on that subject make a point: that's important to make when the determination to turn back on power is made, you can't do it unless you investigate the lines to make sure that they're safe, and that takes time what we have done. So you know where the state has been. We are providing air resources, infrared technology, so even during night time the California, Highway Patrol and it's planes can do a lot of that investigation to supplement the work, that's being done by PG&E all in an effort to as quickly as humanly possible get those lights back on. They have specific prescriptive. Ultimatum I would encourage you to go back to the legislation we passed in July, which was historic in a heroic effort to get ahead of ourselves before the fire season. In that legislation are specific, measurable roles and responsibilities that we all will play the state Public Utilities Commission, the AIA use the city and counties with support from the state, but, more importantly, the the utilities themselves that have a five billion dollar obligation to invest in public safety, hardening undergrounding, vegetative management, etc, including technology that allows them more precision to de-energize without having to turn off a switch where the entire house goes out, but one room at a time. All of that is laid out in that legislation legally required, if they're ever to access the capital that we're willing to put up to help PG&E get out of bankruptcy and secure the other io u--'s, so that they can go out in the bond markets with higher ratings and be able to access capital to complete their improvements. I don't mean to complicate this, but we spent six months on a daily basis, working to put together that package and I cannot impress upon you more to look at what now is required. We're not reacting. To this moment. We specifically laid out a framework in a direct pathway for them to get back to solvency and get back into the business of being a good business. Anybody else Oh, Thank You governor, and thank you for the question, so fighting the fire with power shut off. It doesn't change a lot of the fire fight itself. Communication flow and particularly communication flow with the public is where the bulk of the challenge is. Sonoma has worked diligently to better inform the public through early warning systems, and so some of that is happening here. Some of that still needs to be built out, built out and and brought to bear in other parts of the state, but in general the actual act of firefighting is not a difficult process. With the power out, we usually are fire fighting fire with the power out, because fires take out the power as well. There is something that's important to know, though. We have critical infrastructure for firefighting that, when there's no power makes it difficult to do, for instance, retardant plants at air bases, they require power to churn and mix the retardant pump it into the airplanes that drop the retardant. The important thing here is that we know this. We put generators in place, we're ready to go so we flip the generator on. We mix the retardant we pump the retardant it doesn't matter if the base is out of out of power. So these are things that the state has leaned forward. We've been working with the utilities, understanding that this was going to happen potentially over the last eight or ten months, and knowing that there are places where we're gonna have to do those kind of things we have, and that is how we're getting around some of the power related issues, and that is a typical issue when we're talking about wildland fire wildland fire is different than municipal fire and we have had fires running into municipal areas. It's part of the reason we need to get people out of the way, because we're not just fighting a fire in a structure that might spread to another structure, we're talking about a conflagration, that's coming into a town. People need to be out of the way. We can't ensure that we're going to be able to save every one of those structures. We're gonna try, but we can't ensure number one. Is people lives in property? Second, then, so the water source is something that that we often deal with, and it's not something new to us. There are certain certain systems that require power to remain that charged and keep the the tanks full that that that then enter the system and we are adept at working through that doesn't change the fact that there could be a group of firefighters that are trying to find water during an event, and they may not be able to do that or may not be able to find sufficient water, but that is something that we deal with regularly and we adapt and overcome, and what we thank you. My name is Mark esic I'm, the sheriff of Sonoma County. So some of the things that we've taken proactive steps on to deal with power outages is kind of going back to the older style, we've equipped all of our patrol cars with the high low siren. So we are able to get out into neighborhoods knock on doors and do evacuations without having to have technology without having to have power. So that's the most basic step. We've taken, we've really leaned into that. Currently we have over 50 deputies in the geyser Ville area in the east hills east of geyser ville. They are there right now to help people evacuate they're there to answer questions, be there forum provide direction and when the time comes to use those high/low sirens to evacuate people, you.