First and foremost available to you, but for any questions it's the extent that I can fill in any blanks, but this had the privilege of spending time with four of the victims and their family members met the grandmother whose daughter was holding a six-year-old lost their life at a festival that all of us who grew up in the Bay Area know well what the Santa Clara University's down the road from here into that festival, and- and here we are again and again and again and again, an elected official, all political stripes, with their version prayers heart goes out and when you do better as a country and seemingly for a lot of folks, they feel like nothing's. Changing it's pablum and I. Get that I mean the idea that a 12 year old, then I just met, was shot in the leg she was describing. She was on a jumpy house at a Garlic Festival, and we just moved on with the morning news and rose garden, press conference and sure we'll hear a few things: the next few nights from elected officials and, fundamentally things changing. So you know people have versions of what the solutions are: I'm, proud of the state for its leadership. Over a half a century um and gun safety, we've seen a significant decline in the gun, murder rate in California compared to other states, but, as you all know, looks like this weapon was purchased out of state and brought into the state of California. These are weapons of war. I know some will suggest. These are important tools for hunting. Somebody just got back from Montana and knows a lot of hunters. There alternative means of hunting. These are weapons of war, they're, weapons of mass destruction. Their purpose is to exact as much damage on human beings as possible. They have no place in our society, let alone in this country, let alone in this state. But the culture has to change. You can't just change gun laws. You got to change hearts and minds, there's also an ideology. That's deeply at root here, and that didn't surprise me. You know you just almost could predict telling me a little bit more about this young man. I asked my staff and immediately sent me to some of the postings that are now being made public and was the first week. I was in office, but I sat down with my emergency director thinking. We were gonna talk about preparing for wildfires after the camp and Woolsey fire, and he says you know what you need to focus on. White supremacy need a focus on hate groups. God is my witness that was the first meeting I had as governor talking about murmured she preparedness after those two horrific fires. That was the anxiety that the leadership of the state had. That needs to be called out clearly and convincingly, starting with the top present United States needs to call that out clearly and convincingly, not just because of this incident, but because of what's going on in the United States and so for all these reasons, I came here. Connect with this issue, try to Express my deepest regret and sympathies for the families impacted the lives lost, but a deep desire for this country to exercise new level of moral leadership which is missing. Currently she was comforting me here was a 12 year old, shot who smiled when I walked into the room. I said: how are you smiling? You just were shot. She starts describing the courage, as she was running away after she was shot and kept running, and here she is, you know, comforting the governor, yeah Wow I met a young another young woman, it was shot and she's gonna have all kinds of surgeries and might have hit her a lot. I don't want to get into the details and she was there with her boyfriend and describing how he was running towards her, and she was running away from the shooter. What courage about a grandmother lost six-year-old grandson, who is in the hands of him? Her daughter encouraged to visit with me to sit there. Thank me for visiting her wow. Those are extraordinary human beings and by the way, those are the survivors. But you know what their lives are profoundly impacted. We talk about deaths in this country. We don't talk about survivors in this country and the impact that it has I met. I met a a woman whose husband was shot. She was shot and I asked her. She had connected with her three-year-old. That was there on the scene. She says, I haven't yet three-year-old and she talked about the courage of the three-year-old who all she wanted was to go with mommy and daddy when they got in the ambulance. This is America. What went wrong what's going wrong? Is it's it's slow motion, it's mass murders that are happening all across the United States there's a culture of gun, violence and you know machismo I mean. Did anyone ask? Was this a man or a boy didn't have to remember all the punditry they just assumed it was fascinating. Last night, can you say you gave comfort to the families I didn't when they gave comfort to me? How do you just there's? No meaning this is you know, I talked about being inarticulate by saying I'm inarticulate, nothing I could say, can change? What's happened, I, don't know what I can possibly say make you feel better. Accept god bless you and I'm. So sorry, not only what's happened to you what's happening in this country in this state, this nation of ours and I. Don't know I know we're here for you, you know, look I I, just you know, I've been doing this 20 years and it's it's just sickening I I, don't think, there's anything more frustrating than people watching the nightly news and seeing someone like me come out and expressing yet again and then you know three days from now, we'll zig and zag on a new tweet and some other new crisis, and you know we'll be off to the normalization that occurs every single night in the emergency room here, which is not mass murders but a typical night in Santa, Clara County, and we just accepted it. We've all just grown to accept it, and we have leadership today that just turns a blind eye to this and won't do a damn thing to address these issues. California is doing its part, but Jesus these guys. The folks in the White House have been supporting the kind of policies to roll back. The work we're doing in states like ours to get rid of large capacity magazines to address the issues that we're trying to advance on background checks on ammunition- and you know we can't. We can only do it for our state and then we got to fight in the courts. So we got to fight these an organized national rifle. So but then you got an entire party. It seems completely bankrupt with no capacity now and don't claim to be compassionate if you're participating, complicit Lee in the world, you're living in society becomes how we behave. The lack of resolve I mean it's just an outrage, and you know: I can't put borders up speaking of borders and a neighboring state where you can buy this damn stuff legally. How the hell is that possible and I'm I have no problem with the Second Amendment. You have a right to bear arms, but not weapons have got near mass destruction, and you talk to any nurse here: Democrat Republican nurses, they're, like man, are you guys asleep at the wheel? What we see every single damn night? Do you have a clue? The toll this takes on the human body? Give me a break. You need these. Damn things for hunting, give me a break yeah because we're not giving up or California we're better than this I'm. Also in a state where 27, damn percent of us are foreign-born, that's America's come in attraction and for all the hatred and the vitriol and white supremacy out there and this notion of superiority. You know we'll grow out of that as a nation, but we'll have to go through this and we got to educate a generation after generation. There's it's caught up in this vortex of hate and by the way for Tex of hate is very familiar to folks out here in California, so we had it in the 90s hell. We had in the 1890s Chinese Exclusion Act where'd that come from California, but we work through it we'll work through this. But as long as we're vigilant- and we call out those that are complicit, we call out people that are sitting on the sidelines. We call out people that are excusing themselves from entering deeply in this debate and getting involved in this as a cultural issue, not just a weapon issue, and it is, but it's also a culture issue and call it out with clarity and conviction. That's called leadership and leadership needs to be found everywhere, but there's two kinds: formal Authority and moral authority. What's goddamn absent in this country right now is moral authority on these issues. Yeah, always we just passed. Laws to ban large capacity magazines set for the National Rifle Association suit would have already gone into effect. We just passed a law. It allows for the first state in American history to require background checks on ammunition purchases. I mean this guy may have bought the gun in Vegas or whatever I don't know. Nevada. Forgive me, I, don't worry about the ammunition. We require background check now, maybe he would have had I, don't know, but it's a second capacity tear to be able to review and scrutinize and of course these guys are suing and they're going to this. I don't want to talk about the judge, but it's just remarkable, so you used to be able to count on the courts and we're gonna have to monitor that as well. You know what you know: I'm, sick and tired of that I'm, sick and tired of that. Every single one of these times say it's not the right time. These guys come out and politicize it, and you know week goes by and they're nowhere to be found. They're not focusing on these damn issues, none of them and then they start with this specious notion. Well this particular gun law. When I saw this it's deeper than one particular gun law, it's about advocacy leadership and changing culture and they're not interested in that debate. They their bank runs on this they're on the wrong side and people are losing lives and God forbid. It goes to anyone they love or care about. It keeps happening over and over and over again on their damn watch. So with all due respect, I dia that somehow this is being politicized, because people are sick and tired of this and don't want to go in and see a grandmother lost. A six-year-old or a three-year-old I've got a three-year-old and a six-year-old. How do you sit there as a human being forget being governor and try to explain away the status quo where you've got people that are complicit in Washington? Dc aren't doing a damn thing on these issues, a damn thing on these issues and their pundits that back them up and the money. That's part of all this shame on them grandmother and some of other family members you you visited with today had showed great strength and bravery, even comfort. You could you just tell us a bit more about your visit with this grandmother, who has already lost so much and is now fighting her own fight I. Did she even visit with me that idea that her family would even bring me in come on I mean my daughter went to the Mercer moon last week because she had six stitches I'm still getting over, that she's nine she's lost a six-year-old gone forever, her daughter's in another hospital, and she I mean this is insane only in America. Only in America- and you know here we go again but we're not giving up because we're better than this, and this stay will continue to lead. We're gonna do more we're gonna. Do better I'm going to continue to call out people that are unwilling to engage in the kind of conversation we need to have not only change gun laws but to change culture. Remember years ago was the question we got about going to a movie. I'm good friends of mine, said I still sit in the back of a movie theater and I check the exits before I walk in I mean so law enforcement they weren't good. They were great I mean if there's story here. Besides the deep, deep empathy we have for the loss of lives and those that have been injured, Wow law enforcement talk about the brave talk about folks that deserve our admiration, and so many more lives would have been lost and it not been for those officers they deserve. So much credit and all I would say in that respect. Is they have your back, and you know what I still feel like only way we're gonna lose. This debate is by not going to public events. I'm gonna lose this debate by not being vigilant at the same time, not just rolling over and accepting that this has to be the norm because it doesn't have to be the norm as long as we change our behavior and all of us are held to a higher level in encounter I. Thank you guys so much I. Thank you.