And we will be making that decision here within the next hour or two our to proceed with that d anodization, and we anticipate that we will start that de-energization sequence, you know by 8 to 10 p.m. time frame and if we see the weather pattern continue to shift, you know we will do our level best to minimize that impact to our customers and communities in that area. Even though we're seeing the weather pattern shift on the start time at the moment, we're still anticipating that the weather is going to subside at noon tomorrow, again being a forecast and if that changes to earlier or later, we will provide that update. Accordingly, thanks for your patience that we're paying for years of mismanagement to the hundreds of thousands of people we're going to be in the dark tonight, what do you say to them? Who think that they are suffering for your mistakes? I appreciate that sentiment and we share the sentiments that have been out there in terms of the impact that this has now. I can't go and speak into the mistakes of the past. What I can tell you is when we look at the climate and the environment in which our electrical assets live, operate, breathe in it's very dynamic and that environment has changed drastically over the last several years, given the drought conditions, given the amount of dead dying and deceased trees, given the amount of vegetation that is right and ready to be a strong fuel source for a potential wildfire, so the environment that coexists with our electrical assets has completely changed from my perspective and the way that we need to maintain our assets construct them. That's also changing, and we that's exactly what we're doing as part of this with the hardening of the wires and the high fire threat areas, because you had a marker for this year correct. We did, sir. So we have a target of 150 miles and we have completed a hundred miles and we are on track to complete a commitment 150 miles this year right. But you have 25,000 miles of wire in -, higher threat areas and, and your reports say that you're having a hard time finding people to actually do the work and also the materials. What steps are you taking to do that much more quickly, because clearly, that's the key reason you're doing this, because you can't trust your own or couldn't at this point correct well, not necessarily say that we can't trust our equipment. I keep coming back to the fact that it's the coexistence of our equipment with the environment and the factor of safety that existed in the environment. Naturally, when the electrical systems were compromised, does not exist anymore and that's the factor of safety that we're looking to get from our own infrastructure. So we are actively and we have put all hands on deck approach to be able to get all qualified personnel available in our service territory, and just this year we brought in more than 2,000 qualified linemen to do the enhanced inspections, which is unprecedented. We did 18 months of work in a four month time frame, so we're doing everything we can. We've nearly doubled the amount of vegetation, qualified personnel that we have clearing vegetation in and around our electrical overhead system. We have now more than 5,000 individuals focused on that effort. Kristian you're next appreciate the question you get. You got three. You got three in a row, we'll cut what walk up we'll come back, we'll come back to you, we'll come back to you, we're going to christian about we're, also getting a lot of frustrated viewers who are asking if this is going to be their new normal. In other words, right now, we're wondering it. We have a lot of frustrated viewers, we're asking if this is going to be our new normal, in other words, what's to prevent this from happening again in two weeks, two months, perhaps even again next year is this something people should prepare for for periodic blackouts for days or a week at a time going forward. What's to stop that from happening and I. Thank you so much for that question, and- and that's what's on top of our mind- and this is exactly the things that we're trying to do so- that we reduce the duration and the frequency of the public safety power shutoff events, because we know the impact that it has to our customers and our communities itself. But given the amount of risk on the on the, especially in this time period with the fuel conditions, high wind conditions, we've seen it- we saw it last year in November, we saw it in October of 2017, so this is three years in a row and just like we are here in the seismic part of the world. We're dealing with wildfires is the new abnormal within California. So this is something from my perspective right that we all have to work together to find the right solution set for, and our focus is to continue to work on upgrading our infrastructure. So we reduce the amount of times that we have to do the Public, Safety power shut off and the potential duration and the impact, so customers should anticipate similar shutdowns in the future. Until this work is completed, unless the the weather changes come significantly and the vegetation condition and the fuel loading condition and the land and the forest management changes significantly within the state, I would say: yes, I think what we need to understand. I think sumeet hit on the earthquake. Part of that people have plans for earthquakes. How to deal with them they're prepared they have their go packs. They have a plan for their family. We suggest the same thing for a wildfire. It's a very similar concept. We have a plan that we're executing now to turn off the power. We want our customers and communities to be prepared to do the same thing. They should have a plan. We're gonna go back here to Natalie with NBC berry and news following up on this line of questioning the new normal is: is climate change in wildfires, your utility in Northern California? Are you fortifying your utility system to be able to survive those wild fires, or is this the new normal? We are absolutely doing that and that's really what I was speaking to in terms of the effort that we have. We have more than 8,000 qualified personnel working on clearing vegetation, doing enhanced inspections, doing undergrounding overhead resiliency of the system to really have that electric infrastructure that now naturally creates the factor of safety that the environment has taken away from the coexistence here. So we can understand the conversation when will that work be complete a multi-year journey? It's it's not. It took many years to get to this. You know, condition the climate change, the environment, but the drought conditions, we've discussed, the vegetation conditions changed in a very rapid fashion and we do have a significant risk on our electrical system, and this is the measure that's needed as a last resort, to ensure the safety of our customers and communities and as we continue that infrastructure work and as we continue to do that work safely and as quickly and expeditiously expeditiously as possible, we'll be able to reduce the impact of the public safety power, shut off events. So it's a multi-year journey. This is Emily Turner, KPIX 5. So you don't. You want to talk about climate change and you don't want to talk about mistakes made in the past, but there are a lot of angry customers out there. Who will not let that go. Why is your utility not prepared for this new normal? So when my perspective, I have not spent my focus time and energy on looking at the past. We are where we are, but the electric infrastructure and the environment and there's a lot of questions in terms of could we have done things sooner? Should we have done things sooner? We are at this point in time and what I could tell you is that we are doing everything that we can and I can tell you, the 24,000 employees that we have in this company and thousands of contractors that are supporting us because they're, an extension of our PG&E family, are sacrificing their lives personally to be able to ensure the safety of our customers and communities we have not, and I have not gone back to look at. Why wasn't done? We are where we are at the moment, and we can all Monday Morning Quarterback this right from my perspective, but our focus here is to ensure the safety now and on a going-forward basis and have that unwavering commitment to do that, and that's exactly what we're doing and that's part of your community wildfire safety program, the multi-faceted program, that's correct: what percentage would you say? But okay well -, two questions, one. So would it be fair to say that you actually have no estimate as to when the work will be done be completed? Is that fair to say, yeah the we do have an estimate and that estimate we've put forward as part of the wildfire mitigation plan that was filed publicly available and that's those approved there's one behind I'm, sorry, which plan that you're running behind on. If you tell the PUC in July that you're ready behind even that plan, no, we have when you look at the the goals and the commitments of the plan respectfully sir we are at would have exceeded many of those milestones. The area that we are continuing to fall a little bit behind schedule on is our enhanced vegetation management program, but we have line of sight to be able to complete all of that work as well by the end of this year. And what percentage would you say you are at? What percentage are you the work at this point? 50 percent 75, 25 percent? What work, sir? In the total scope of the work? How far along are you 25%, 50% 75% depends on what type of work, sir, that we're talking about just about the overall program. So we talk about the overall program for system hardening. We are right on plan in terms of 75 percent complete when we talk about system enhanced vegetation management, we're about 50 percent complete when you talk about weather stations, high-definition cameras, we've done all of the work that we had on plan for this year. So when you look at the 53 commitments that are outlined in the 2019 wildfire mitigation plan, we have either met many of those commitments or exceeded them and we're doing our level best to bring all the qualified personnel here. So we can continue down those aggressive goals because we realize the implications of those goals because, as all goes back to the safety of the infrastructure and the customers, communities Judy how fast the winds actually get in the North Bay today, because we've been hearing a lot of concerns that it actually wasn't that windy even on the peaks there and given the delay in phase two. When do you expect power will be fully restored to everybody yeah great question: I'll take the first one first and then Sammy can handle the second one on restoration, so so winds actually at North Bay and don't get complacent because the strong winds are coming tonight, so we're gonna very much like October 2017. The strongest winds occurred once the Sun set and we had the fires ripping over some of the elevated terrain in the North Bay of the northern Sierra and we're expecting a very similar setup tonight. So the strongest winds are are on the way, if not occurring. Now, if I was checking a Mount st. Helena live I could I could guarantee that that station is ticking up as an indication of what's to come as far as restoration, I'll turn it out. Why was Marin County de-energize at like 2:00 in the morning or whenever it was this morning, if they haven't had any intense wind even on the peaks there yet yeah I think Sumi touched on this, but this had to do with the interconnectedness of the grid. Correct me, if I'm wrong, no thank you Scott and thank you Judy for that question. So, given the complexity and the complex nature of the de-energization sequence and the multiple areas within our service territory that are in scope, the Dene organization sequence that we had to implement has to ensure that continued stability of the grid itself and that's the reason why we unfortunately also had to impact the moraine and some of the additional areas that really are going to see that peak risk time period this evening going into early tomorrow morning. It really has to do with the the nature of the system itself. The very last thing why, or what is the total number of customers that will now be impacted across the entire event before was 800,000, but it sounds like it's been scaled back. Some people are going back on I. Think people are going to get a little confused about what what's the right customer number to use yeah. So this is a multi-part event with different stages of weather, weather, different parts of our service territory. So, ultimately, that number of 800,000 customers is still appropriate in terms of total customers impacted, but some customers may be impacted for a less duration than others. So at the moment, we're forecasting anywhere from 600 to 650 thousand because of the additional switching operations we were able to do to reduce impact to 50 thousand and especially, if we're able to bring Humbolt on this evening. That's an incremental 60 to 80 thousand here in the front row we'll go in the back and then we'll come to the front row no you're going first in the back hi Gail from kron4news, so your customers are angry with the lack of communication and calling it horrific. You know, would one day notice for potentially hundreds of thousand something households will be in the dark. Or do you want to take that question customer communication? So thank you for the question as to me stated, this is a dynamic event and, as the event continues to unfold we're doing our very best to be in advance of that and communicating to customers. There are some instances where the conditions changed and we were communicating with customers closer into the actual event than we would have liked to, but we're doing our very best to provide ongoing communication and ongoing support to our customers. It is a it's a unique website and we'll be pushing that out to all of you at the conclusion of tonight's press conference. It will be on all of our social channels and we'll be tweeting that out at the conclusion of this of this conference. Thank you, perfect. I'm, making bolts view with KCBS radio, so I want to make sure I understand the East Bay South Bay phase. It was noon, it got pushed to eight, it might be 10. Is there a world in which it doesn't happen at all? Can we keep pushing this back through the night, or can we tell those customers? Oh no, it's happening. We just are pushing you back as we watch the weather. Yes, based on the latest weather forecasts that we monitored. It looks like this waves first gonna start in the Sierra, and it's pretty much starting. Now it's going to arrive in the North Bay a little bit later and then it's gonna arrive farther south in the East Bay and South Bay, basically Santa Cruz Mountains at the time that was communicated about 8:00 p.m. tonight and a little bit later so essentially based on the latest weather forecast models. I've seen the winds are, are still expected to arrive. We could see peak us over some of the elevated terrain in the East Bay, like Oakland Hills, North, Oakland, Hills South, some of those weather stations as well. As you know, Sunol Ridge, some of the ridges of East Bay, as well as the Santa Cruz Mountains. We could see gusts, you know 45 50 miles per hour. Tonight. Overnight is the kind of peak risk period. I, know we're talking about weather here, but based on the latest forecast I believe it too happened, however, we're monitoring conditions 24/7, and if the weather doesn't materialize as expected, then we do have the opportunity to abort in any situation, but we'll need some good confidence in that happening. That is what we're doing a level best to be judicious right, both in terms of the timing and aligning that with the weather, forecast and also minimizing the impact of potential catastrophic wildfires. So because we do understand the disruption they're, shutting off power causes on this issue of safety to employees. There are reports of a Gihon of PG&E station or office in Northern California and shots at a PG&E event of e fo for the CHP reported this evening. Can you talk about D, have specific reports of assaults against workers or property? You think what you're referring to is what may have occurred in Clouseau, County, I think that occurred yesterday or last night. We would refer to the local authorities for the details of the incident itself, which is the the reason why, in our prepared remarks, I ended on that comment. It's critically important for us to be able to get this message out there when you see a marked PG&E week, vehicle or contractors that are working on our behalf again, just a reminder: they're no different than our customers and their families and their kids go to the same schools that our customers do. So it's critically important that we're providing a safe environment for them, and those are the types of you know, incidents that really cause us concern again in that specific incident we don't know the specific details the local authorities may have that. But it's you know our responsibility to ensure that continued safety, not just of our customers and our communities, but our employees and our contractors as well, and by keeping everyone safe. That's going to help get everybody's lights back on quicker. If there's a law enforcement situation, that's just going to cause the dirt the outage to continue to go on sure. Can we get you a microphone? I would love it. Thank you Dan that much of the billions of dollars that was earmarked for maintenance, at least part of it, has wound up in shareholders pockets. Can you assure me that every dollar earmarked for maintenance over the past ten years has actually gone to maintenance? Thank you for that question de and I haven't focused on that. That is not a question. On top of my mind at the moment. That's a historical issue from my perspective, there's a lot of people that are focused on that issue, the unwavering focus that we have and every single, individual and every single employee, and every single contractor at this moment is to ensure the continued safety of our customers and our communities. Given the adverse weather forecasts that we are seeing in regards to the catastrophic wildfires, and that is our only focus at the moment, I am not focused on that. So respectfully last question or one more here and one for Kristian Jean le with NBC Bay Area News one is sort of a well. Let me ask one and then I'll ask you a bringing power back on. You said the weather event is supposed to end on Friday. Does that mean that's when inspections will begin and inspections will happen too during the day? If there are repairs needed, can repairs happen at night, and so, if the weather event ends on Friday, when is the earliest folks and say Sausalito can expect to have their power back on. Okay. Thank you for that. Thank you for that question. So, in regards to you, know the process. So there's two different areas you mentioned Friday, so Friday applies to our phase three, which is in the Tehachapi area, because we're forecasting that peak risk to continue through tomorrow into Friday. So that's the about 4,300 customers. We identified in the Tehachapi Kern County area in regards to a large majority of our customers that have been impacted in Sierra, Foothills and East Bay and South Bay. We anticipate at the moment again. This is the weather forecast to be able to have the all-clear, meaning the adverse weather forecast, sub size and traverses through our service territory. During that time frame, at which point we can begin our visual inspections and as we do, the visual inspections and we identify circuits and lines if there's no damage we'll be able to do that restoration in a very short timeframe where there is potential damage that may take some additional time. So a key takeaway if we get the adverse weather that subsides around noon tomorrow, that's when we're going to commence with more than 6300 qualified personnel, 45 helicopters to start the visual inspections and safety inspections and you're going to start to see the restoration come on at that period of time. We do have to typically stop at sundown, because those visual inspections can only be done safely during daylight hours, technical questions, so these these happen in waves. Why does it happen in waves? Our people act a substation and it would be the reverse in bringing power up I'm going to guess it in waves. Can you explain the waves sure it's the coexistence of the weather itself, so Scot previously talked about when you typically see this northeast offshore wind pattern? It starts with the north south winds and Sacramento. Valley comes in through Sierra Foothills and then later traverses to the north bay area and then later traverses to East Bay, so different parts of our service territory see peak risk at different points in time and then, with the electrical grid, it is the source. Feed typically, is at the substation. So when we start to de-energize, especially the large footprint that we're talking about here, we also have to work closely with the California Independent System Operator Cal ISO, to ensure that we're not compromising the stability of the power flow because we are all interconnected on the Western grid. So that's the reason why, at times, you'll see an impact North Bay, even though there may be a peak risk, that's happening in the Sierra Foothills. So that's the reason why you see the the wave and the sequencing and the reason why we do the sequencing is again what we stated before. We want to minimize the duration of the impact of the power outages to our customers. Know we have if we could do manual operations, but primarily we leverage remote capabilities through, what's called SCADA, it's a supervisory control and data acquisition system, where we have the ability, through our control center, to be able to operate our system we're coming over here to Christian. You don't have a microphone, so nobody can hear you on the line, quick question for mr. Emoto about the that website and how it unfolds two things. First off when people are able to access it if they are currently in a power shutdown area we'll this forward information to them about when their power may be restored, or is this simply a site to let people know which homes are going to be affected? Firstly, secondly, are you sure that it's robust enough, because there have been a great deal of complaints about the current website, which I believe last night's who needed said and received seven to eight times it's normal volume? Are you sure that this new website is real bust enough to handle the volume? So the first question is initially as we launch tonight: customers will be able to go and find out information around their community and their specific home as we move into tomorrow. We're going to start building the capabilities for us to post estimated time of restoration for customers. So tonight it's outages and then, as we move through the next 24 hours, we're going to build out the capability so that we can have customers receive information through that source around estimated times of restoration for their homes and their communities. The second question around the robustness of it. It is robust we're using a third-party to host this we've been working very closely with Cal OES and the CPUC. They have been supporting us and reviewing this as we have been building this out, and we are confident that it has the robustness to handle the volume that our customers are going to need, as as they come into the site. This will not be a site that customers can use to pay their bills or to do other types of transactions that will still be housed on PG&E comm. This site will be specifically focused on supporting customers through this event. Last question for George. So again just to be clear: if your initial you're saying noon, then a is it now that you're looking at more like 10:00 p.m. is the window to start phase two yeah. So our goal typically is before we get into the actual weather event window several hours before that we would start the de-energization sequence so that we have our system D, energized and in a safe state and condition before we start to see the adverse wind events. So you know that conversations happening and the decision making hat is happening at the moment right now in our Emergency Operations Center, so that window is anywhere from 7 p.m. to the 9 p.m. timeframe. To actually start the power set of X there and again it could, you know, be moved to later. If you know the weather pattern shifts again, so that's at the moment the best available information we have and again just to summarize from Jay's question earlier you're looking at 600 to 650 is gonna, be the affected amount just to clarify that correct the total customers impacted were about 800,000, but where we are in terms of the 50,000 that we were able to bring back because of what I discussed and the work we're trying to do to bring Humboldt back. If you add that together, it's about a hundred thousand, so we're kind of in that 650 700, you know estimate the the fifty thousand were within the Sierra Foothills area. In different parts of our system, we were able to do the operations and bifurcate the customers that are in the lower fire risk area compared to the elevated and extreme fire risk area. Okay, so we've got to get back to make some decisions for the East Bay tonight. So we're going to thank everybody for coming, appreciate you being here and we'll do another one of these tomorrow night. We are committed to doing these throughout the process. To make sure you guys are up to date, so thank you. You.