My name is Jonathan Cox division, chief and public information officer with Cal Fire incident management, team, 6, I'll, just to start things off, I remind everybody to mute their telephones in the room and if you do need have a conversation to please do that outside. We have multiple representatives behind us today. Please know that if you have one-on-one questions for them, there will be time afterwards for you to meet individually with them. Additionally, at the conclusion of this English language press conference, we will have a spanish-language version available, so should there be the need that will be available after this one, just to start things off I'm, going to give a brief update from where we left off last night after last night's press conference and just kind of set the stage overnight, we obviously saw the wind surface through Sonoma County, coming from the northerly northeast direction, with that we had fire activity that increase spotting ahead of itself and burning into some of the closer areas to the more popular excuse me more populated spots in the county, with that firefighters made aggressive attacks on the fire, defending structures, as well as contending with downed trees and downed power lines. At the same time that the fire fight was going on last night and continues. Today, we had the incident commanders at the command post throughout the entire night, evaluating the need for additional evacuations throughout the area at 4:30 this morning, additional evacuations were ordered for Northern Santa Rosa, and that was based on the current and expected fire conditions. So now I'd like to welcome up to the stage to talk about the current weather conditions from the National Weather Service mr. Waldron, all right good morning, again so last night on the fire lines itself, we did get reported wind gusts of 76 miles an hour within the fire environment under those red flag conditions. The red flag warning does continue through 11:00 a.m. Monday morning, so we still have approximately another 24 hours straight of red flag conditions. In addition, in the firefighting world we look at the humidity values. Very close. The humidity values went down into the single digits, which is dangerously low low for fire spread, as we look into this afternoon, we're kind of at the peak of the wind event right now. It's important to note. If you're down low places like Santa Rosa Windsor, you may not be feeling winds quite as strong, but does have you as you move up every five hundred to a thousand feet in elevation. There's very strong winds aloft. At the start of this press conference, we were still getting winds on the order of 70 to 80 miles an hour up at three to four thousand feet, so we still have a another good, 24 hours or so of dangerous red flight conditions. Things will improve as we head into Monday and Tuesday, but we need to be resilient as we look at. We like, we have another north wind event or another dry event. That's going to impact the region Tuesday night into Wednesday. Thank you speaking next from incident management team six will be our fire behavior analyst Steve Ballmer a good morning. Last night we saw an increase in fire behavior due to the winds that came through that the meteorologist spoke of those winds pushed that fire down into the 126 corridor and down into those communities. We've got spotting potentials up to and over one mile in certain areas, we've got rates of spread that are extremely dangerous. At this point, with erratic fire behavior this fire, we know what what it's doing, we know where it's going to go. The problem is, is when we have a new start. Those new starts that we're going to get are going to be very problematic. They're gonna have the same effects as this fire right here: the same rates of spread the same spotting potential if anything, does start on the opposite side of 101 the west side. That area hasn't seen any fire history since the 1940s, so the the fuels in that area are extremely dense, they're, extremely old and decadent and they're extremely dry, so we're currently modeling all the fire behavior potentials that we can have for this fire that we've got the Kincaid as well as for other areas in the surrounding location. That could be potential problems. Thank you. Now we are gonna introduce one of the incident commanders Mike blank in hind behind me. He's gonna, give you a quick update of the current status of where the fire is a co who'd, be behind me on the map chief, blank and I'm, just to echo what the I meant yep and have talked about. We did see those conditions materialized about one o'clock this morning, as predicted when the weather showed up again. As predicted, we saw the fire conditions that that stood st warmer talked about so up in here at one o'clock in the morning the fire started, making rapid runs to the south and to the west, and by about probably 2:30 3 o'clock in the morning had crossed 128. The fire right now is fairly well established on the south and west side of 128 in between 128 and highway 101. It has not crossed highway 101 yet, but it is starting to impact highway, 101 between Healdsburg and and Windsor. So with that priorities today are going to continue to be the west side, the south side and, if possible, keep crossing highway 101. If we're not able to do that, the map probably looks quite a bit different than what you saw it yesterday. We've built a pretty expansive organization on the west side of highway 101 to deal with that. If it comes across the highway and starts making a run into the communities west of there, we've got the organization and built and staff, so we'll be ready for it when it comes across. Thank you Thanks just so we can get the chief back to the command center. Can we have anyone who has questions specifically to the fire operations right now? If they have any questions for chief Blanken hi now would be the appropriate time predicted fire conditions, I think very concerned like you can see the map there, we've built a fairly expansive organization and are staffing it right now and working with our partners in law enforcement, build an evacuation plan that they'll speak to here in a few minutes. So short answer is very concerned. That's what's currently impacting that there are plenty of other places that could possibly cross that, but the current impact right now is an area that you just described. Okay, thank you chief Rankin home a next like to invite up to the the podium, the sheriff for Sonoma County Sheriff ESIC good morning, I'm mark ESIC I'm, the sheriff of Sonoma County. It was quite a night for us. We have over a hundred and eighty thousand people under evacuation right now. Some of the evacuations that we added yesterday afternoon and through the night included the areas around Sebastopol and West County and I could say that although I've heard some people express concerns that we are evacuating too many people I think those concerns are not not valid. At this point, as we see from this report, we just received our evacuation of Healdsburg in Windsor yesterday was well warranted. There is significant danger to anybody who's still in the Healdsburg Windsor area or the unincorporated areas around Windsor. So please, if you were in those areas now we're still encouraging to get out. We have deputies and peace officers in your neighborhoods. They can't assist you if you're, not sure. If you're an evacuation area, we want you to check the map. We have plenty of maps available. You can get them on Sonoma, County, dot org, as well as some of the Cal Fire web sites. We currently have over 262 peace officers in the field and those are supplemented also by the National Guard. We are using our peace officers in the National Guard to maintain checkpoints for evacuation areas and we're also having that strong police presence there to really assure people that if they have a evacuated, their property, their homes will be safe. We've not had any reports of looting at this point and I as far as I'm concerned, we're gonna take a very aggressive standpoint on looting. We will not tolerate it and that's why we have so many peace officers in your neighborhoods to protect your property. So one thing you can continue to do. If you hear our high/low sirens, we want you to be alert to that. We still have deputies out in the field evacuating, including the West County and in some of those expanded evacuation zones. So please, if you hear the high/low siren take note of it, that means the deputies in your area. You can go to that deputy or that peace officer, and they will help direct you and give you instructions. The one thing we don't want you to do is we don't want you to call 911? Our 9-1-1 center is very busy right now. We're gonna use 911 for only really one reason right now in the evacuation. Part of this is, if you have a medical need or some medical inability that prevents you from evacuating call 9-1-1 and we'll get peace officers there and medical personnel there to get you evacuated. If you just have questions about the evacuation process, please call 2-1-1 and we can just get you general information. Please continue to follow us on Nixle sign up for so covert. Facebook, twitter, instagram, we're updating all those sources right now. As long as we have continued to have communications and power, we will continue to update all those different sources for people and we will respond to your questions. Sheriff's office has been serving Sonoma County for 170 years. This is our strongest moment now our staff are out there they're ready to go and they're here to serve you. So please seek out our deputies seek out our partners and we will take care of you. Thank you, I speaking next, in the California Highway Patrol is chief noise. Good morning everybody Tim noise assistant chief California Highway Patrol I, just remind everybody, as the evacuations were going out yesterday, a lot of people were evacuating. You saw a great deal of traffic. We appreciate the fact that everybody was heading southbound. I do want to thank everybody, because, even though it was heavy traffic we didn't have major in and that really helped keep the flow going as quickly as we did. We'd still have a heavy flow this morning going southbound. We please continue to heat these evacuation orders. This is a major incident and we're still bringing in additional resources not just locally but regionally, and we need these roadways clear to move these and plus. We have a lot of emergency situations and the system's really fluid, so we're moving equipment very quickly back and forth. So if you have nothing to do with this area, please stay out of the area. Please keep the roadways clear this morning. Early this morning, we did have the 101 closed. We were able to reopen it. However, I hate to inform you that, as we are speaking, we are reclosing the 101 freeway from errata to Dry Creek, due to no visibility pretty much across the roadway through that area and due to heavy smoke, we are going to be moving a lot of equipment through that area. So please stay away from the area and we will continue to try and keep the roadway as clear as possible and for everybody else, just please keep using the your your patience and calm leak, evacuating like you have been in the area the powers been out for a great deal of time. We still have a great deal of intersections that have no power, remember to treat those blacked out or flashing traffic signals at stop signs, and for those of you guys that are stopping, don't assume the other vehicles going to stop. Make sure that your it's clear and because we want everybody to be safe and get out of here as quickly as possible, because every time we have to respond to something. That's that much more of our resources that are being tied up to help everybody else. So thank you. Next, representing the sonoma county board of supervisors supervisor rabbit. Thank you very much. First off I got to just say how grateful we are to all the firefighters, the law enforcement personnel and to all those who have come to Sonoma County in our time of need. We know last night, in spite of our obvious concerns, going forward could have been much much worse without the battle fought by the firefighters out there. It was a full-court press they put on last night, and that remains the case. As we speak. We know there are more resources coming to our aid here in Sonoma County. We know we are not out of the woods and the wind conditions that were ferocious continued. Even today, as you heard, and the red flag warning remains. In effect, we ask everyone to stay out of the evacuated areas. We ask everyone to stay off the roads as well. We ask everyone to take care of themselves. Take care of your family. Your neighbors Public Safety is our highest priority. There are new evacuation centers being set up as we speak. I can tell you that Napa Valley College is an evacuation center. Now crosswalk Community Church over in Napa also has facilities. The Marin County Fairgrounds is also open to residents of Sonoma County, who are evacuating, and, lastly, the Alameda County Fairgrounds is a another spot where you can take large animals. So thank you for that again. Public safety is our number-one concern. We need to let the firefighters be able to do their job. We appreciate the orderly evacuation that took place in the great job by the sheriff, but we need to stay safe. We need to stay vigilant. We need to make sure that you are signed up for alerts as we go forward and I would recommend that you look at SoCo emergency org, SOC, Oh, emergency org for the latest on evacuations and other emergency news from the county of Sonoma and I also want to say thank you to all of our state partners as we ramped up more and more shelters with the number of people that have been evacuated. The cooperation, the collaboration, has been nothing short of wonderful. So thank you very much. Thank you. In regards to the evacuation zones of the map, you see behind me, the live fire map that many of you are streaming does have the most current evacuations in Sonoma County. That includes zones, one two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine and ten. Those are all currently under evacuation and that is showing on the map I'm moving forward. We ask everybody in the area of Northern Sonoma County if they are not in an evacuation area to obviously have a plan that includes what things they might need, such as paperwork pills, pets, documents and photos. Should we need to expand evacuation orders into other areas? That is that probably the single most important people thing people can do right now if they are outside of an evacuation zone. Currently we have three thousand plus firefighters now out on the line that includes a significant number of air resources. Air resources will be out there. Throughout the day we have an air attack officer at higher elevation who's bringing in aircraft when the targets of opportunity present themselves within the realms of wind, speed and visibility. And finally, I just want to say thank you to every member of the public who has assisted the firefighters by evacuating early. We are only successful when the public does evacuate and we from the bottom of our hearts. Thank you for evacuating early that that really does help our our efforts with that I'd like to open up to any questions from the media. For any of the speakers behind me sure. Are you talking about a Hanley fire or a different fire right you're talking about the the west side of 101 yeah? We can get you fire information about fire history. We do know that a lot of fires in California tend to burn in the same locations. The tubs fire was an example of that one, the Hanley fire from the 1960s, so we do look back at the last hundred years about where fires burned and how they behaved to try to help us in the in the current situation. Look at if the fire does get to that location. Where is it likely to move? So that's a great question: we're talking about Napa County and in Calistoga our liaisons and our la liaisons, and all of our incident commanders are currently working with the surrounding counties. Lake County in Napa, County, specific to Napa, County I, do know that they are working on looking at what the potential impact is on there and if and when that decision is made, it will be broadcast. Yeah I believe it's just spotfires, but it is fairly close to 101 it's between 128 and 101. Currently, hence the reason 101 is closed and the concern obviously is with that wind still pushing directly west it. It jumping 101 yeah. So as far as visibility goes with the with the naked eye, looking down from an aircraft smoke can be a hindrance to us. We do have the ability to once or or so add a get infrared up there and actually take a look at where the heat is with infrared cameras that look through the smoke. So that's done on a cycle and obviously once that done were able to see where we're more the smoke is I would say right now, with the with the amount of wind we're getting at higher elevations we're just seeing the spotting issues that we have ahead of ourselves as soon as the map is produced. You know it's it's changed since that moment, so there there's a lot of concern out there for the the progression of the spots that we're seeing absolutely yeah yes, so a rough estimate right now is November 7th. Obviously you know we're in a little bit of a defensive position with Mother Nature at the moment, and that's that's always has the potential to change but know that November 7th is our target yeah. So we have a whole liaison shop on the incident command team and those liaison officers specifically work with other stakeholders external to the actual incident itself. So utilities is a part of that.