Now to a global news investigation over the past few years about 130 Canadians have left the country to join terrorist groups such as the so-called Islamic state or al-qaeda. Some have died, others have been convicted for their crimes and served time in prison. The parole board reports obtained by Global News suggests that when some Canadian terrorism offenders are released, they're still radicalized and as Jeff sample reports, they still pose a threat. The rise of the so-called Islamic state a few years ago, saw a number of Canadians join. Their fight. Carlos lar Monde from Ottawa was convicted in 2016 of attempting to join Isis in Syria, sentenced to seven years and transferred to Canada's highest security prison. Last year his parole board said lahrman had not shown significant indications of change, attempting to radicalize other offenders and posed a high risk to public safety. But despite those concerns, last December lar Monde was released from prison. We have somebody who has shown no signs of having a band in the ideology that got him convicted in the first place and he's not alone. Lar Monde is one of five terrorism convicts freed from Canadian prisons. Last year, four of whom, according to parole, board's, still posed a threat. We haven't been really good at developing any kind of real du radicalization programs inside the prison system, but it's unclear whether their prison time would have been long enough for D radicalization. Most terrorism sentences in Canada recently have been seven years or less they're. Pretrial custody counts for time-and-a-half and they're entitled to statutory release after two-thirds, meaning that most are getting out much sooner. It tells us that the course system 1:40 does not take terrorism as a serious offense. This Canadian just served 14 years in a US prison for sending money to an extremist group since his deportation to Canada a couple of years ago, he's received no contact from police. Nobody, nobody even contacted my attorney legal experts. Note that Canadian terrorists are typically released under strict conditions. Lahrman, for example, must live at a halfway house and allow police to check his phone you're still being sentenced in that the system is still watching you, but gives you an opportunity to sort of reintegrate, but in rare cases, that reintegration backfires two recent terror attacks in London England were committed by convicts who just got out of prison. The British government responded by banning early release for terrorism offenders, adding new urgency to the debate here in Canada, with three more terrorism convicts up for parole this year, Geoff sample Global, News Toronto.