While it may feel like the campaign has been underway for weeks tomorrow, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will make it official on Wednesday morning. The Prime Minister will make the short walk from his home over dorito hall, where he will meet with Governor General julie, payette, asking her to dissolve Parliament. That move will trigger Canada's 43rd election party leaders will criss cross the country for five and a half weeks, pitching their vision for the country to Canadians. That will start right here in Ottawa tomorrow for Liberal leader, Justin Trudeau. Meanwhile, Conservative leader, Andrew Shearer, will kick off his campaign in 12 of iere Quebec and the NDP's drug beat Singh will be in London Ontario Green leader, Elizabeth May will be out on the west coast in Victoria BC, as the leaders race across the start line to head out on the hustings they'll target to vote rich areas that will determine who wins when Canadians head to the polls on October 21st among those areas will be the Greater Toronto Area, the Lower Mainland of Vancouver and Quebec expected to be where key battlegrounds are and parties will be intensely vying for votes senior campaign. Officials in all camps have described this coming campaign as one like. No other. A wild west of digital campaigns on social media going 24/7 concerns about disinformation at the potential for foreign influence, all the while the parties are expected to roll out their platforms on the issues, but many experts say this is likely to be a campaign dominated more by controversies than policy. One key area that voters can expect to see parties to focus in on regardless of their political stripe. Affordability and your pocketbook parties will be looking at the economy as it affects individual voters as each tries to prove they offer the best option. Some of the other key issues that will dominate the headlines according to pollsters the environment and health care Plus, who voters feel they can trust, Mercedes, Stevenson, Global, News, Ottawa,.