I can I need to see you like I said when we all right good morning. My name is Nick Milanovic and I'm. The NDP candidate for Hamilton East, Stone Creek I, want to begin this morning by acknowledging that we were on the traditional territories. The Anishinaabe and a excuse me, a hardness Shoni First Nations I also want to acknowledge my colleagues stop Duval candidate for Hamilton, Mountain, Yosef, Malik candidate for Hamilton West and caster Dundas and Matthew Greene candidate for Hamilton Center I'm at the doorstep. Every day, listening to stories about people who are having difficulty struggling with the high cost of pharmacare and dental care, people like Gina Angelou me this is her daughter. Quit I also hear a lot of frustration about politicians who say the right things, but don't do them I'm here to tell you that jug meat sing is different. He's not only here in Hamilton talking about how to make things better he's doing that across the country. He is the only leader willing to take on the rich and well-connected. He is the only leader willing to stand up to powerful insider lobbies and therefore he is the only leader truly on your side. That's why I am so proud to be running under his leadership in this election. So please welcome the leaders of the New Democratic Party of Canada junk meat sing thanks. So much thank you. So, thanks to all our amazing candidates are being here and they said thank you to the Dean for hosting us again in your lovely restaurant. We wanted to talk about what what life is like right now for small businesses. We can't afford the coverage that they would love to have to give to their staff and what it means not having that coverage and what that's like so so, I'm gonna open it up and maybe that's like. Maybe maybe you can tell us a little bit about what it's I guess as an owner and you you know, you know it's something you want to do. You'd love to have that coverage fits incredibly expensive. Tell me a little bit about maybe well certainly I mean when you have employees around six, seven employees and for a small business, whereas, as a matter of fact, the sturdy businesses struggle to me on day to day expenses and to add on an additional cost. For example, exams like dental care, it becomes a really very, very high, it's only so as a matter of fact. The employees are deprived off and they want to go as a matter of fact and look at a dental. They are hesitant because they can't afford the small visit at the same time cannot afford to covered that's right. The expenses it's our center, so I think absolutely they will be delighted and motivated and more productive in the government, under your leadership offers that than free I think they would be more productive at work as well. I make sense, you see benefit for you for your time absolutely comes back. You have motivated employees, you have more production. That's right! That's the point! Maybe you can tell us a little bit about what it's like for a friend, either folks working. We were talking about it before when you think about going to the dentist. Do you go right away, or do you say, let me put it off expenses, some wait for the cheaper, we'll save money, make it that one yeah anyone else you want to add. Maybe you what do you think about your family and going to the dentist and or maybe getting medication? What that's? What's that? Oh, like any single visit? If you think about it to a dentist, it's not cheap right, nothing is covered medicines, not covering right. One single visit. That's just approximate idea: five thousand dollars! That's my ID right! If you had treatment on top that's a root canal therapy, that's ten thousand dollars each just for one procedure, but if that was covered, you could take all that financed and invested somewhere else. We more productive right, we're talking about receding gums. They were brushing the teeth, they're doing everything they needed, but they hadn't gone into a dentist and then their teeth were the gums are receding and it cost thousands and thousands of dollars we're gonna report. It simply can't like I'm, an international student right. So, for me, it's easier for me to go back home and get it done, get the procedure done, but it's just not even half the price, all right- it's not covered there, but it's half the price less than that, even if it makes better sense. So, but it's the same thing you spend that much on a ticket and go back so it adds up right, so I rather have it here. Of course they have you medicine and for you, what do you think about the cost of medication or, and in start it may be really mad stories youssef that you've heard at the doorsteps? So what we're endure? Is there? It's very, very welcome news, hearing from a lot of people that lost their jobs from Sears or when Stalin went into bankruptcy, that there was cut off automatically what they had some coverage. So a lot of people because of plant closures or whatever they used to have benefits of now they going any longer and they're very, very worried about a word we're heading in the future because of the high cost of it so I'm hearing at the door. It's very welcome news and people appreciate it not to have a story or something you want to certainly I mean. Obviously, Hamilton Center has one of the lowest median household incomes in the country. It's forty-three thousand dollars a household and I think about when I'm, on the doors talking to people, the cost of poverty, I'm thinking about the dignity of having a nice smile, you know, and for people who are living in deep poverty who aren't able to access proper dental care, we're seeing it throughout the seniors, we're seeing it with with families and we're also seeing it, particularly with with young children. It's startling, but I could also share that as a former entrepreneur or a small business owner myself, I actually wasn't covered for ten years. I didn't have dental coverage until I became a city councilor and throughout this campaign, we're constantly talking to people sharing that we just want for others what we want for ourselves and that's the dignity of a good smile and having those you know, those programs and policies in place to be able to take care of our families. It makes a lot sense. Maybe we'll just bring Gina before you go to you. So tell me: we talked about the cost of medication and how that's like really big burden and it's a weight on you type 1 diabetics. My whole life I've been covered under my mom and dad when I was a kid and then when I was in college, you have student benefit packages, but once you're out of college, that's it everything's out-of-pocket it. And you know it's not just one insulin, you're on two different insulins. You have test strips now: I use a Libre sensor, but that's $89. Every two weeks after 14 days it stops working. You have to buy a new one and remove it test strips. They run about a dollar to a dollar 10 a test strip you're looking at about three to four hundred dollars a month and just in just what you need to check your glucose levels and be able to eat because without insulin you can't eat everything has carbohydrates. So every time you put something in your mouth, you have to take insulin. So it's and then the glucagon life-saving glucagon I actually just thought talking to a gentleman at the gym the other day because he asked me what was on my arm and his daughter's a diabetic and we were talking about glucagon and he didn't even know what it was and that's all them. I said: yeah I said you got to have one of those I said you're actually supposed to have two, because if one is faulting, you need to have that backup and they expire. So if you don't have them, it's like it's like taking a lighter to $500 and just watching it burn, because it was wasted everything. So you have to have it yeah, but it expires. How long does it expire six months so every six months you're it's about $250 per glucagon, so you're looking at 500 bucks just to have it sit in your fridge. You know you don't want to have a seizure, but you need it there in case you do and my mom actually had to use one on me. I was about five years ago. I had my very first seizure. I ran into a real bad low, while I was sleeping and my mom actually heard her crying at the time we were sharing a room. Cuz I was living with mom and dad, and my mom thought: why isn't she checking on Gwen? So when she came in to see what was going on, she saw me on the ground having a seizure and she had to use it. That was the first time since I've been diabetic and I've been diabetic. Seven years. Normally it would take juice or you know you start eating some carbohydrates, but when you're convulsing like that, there's no way you're gonna be able to swallow anything so that moo-coo gone is the only thing. That's gonna save your life, because by the time you call 9-1-1 and they get there. It's gonna be too late. Hey cleanse you everything you ever worried about your mom yeah yeah. What's that, like yeah and she's, seen me go through some lows and yeah she's been my Savior too. Sometimes really people give me some juice yeah and then she comes down like this big glass. Thank you so much. Thank you. Spencer Yusuf to you, jiminy Teresa's, you want to share from walking outdoors with people. You've met, yes, I hear a lot of stories, even when people do have coverage the co-pays are so high, there's so many exclusions and what's covered. But you know people are honestly worried that what if they become really really sick and then those medicines are not covered, they're, also really really, where you're going to have chronic illnesses, or you know ongoing need for medication that lots of times their co-pays are really really high, that it adds up and it is, it is a significant cost to their possible budget on a monthly basis, same thing with dental a lot of people keep putting off. You know routine dental procedures such as cleaning because they aren't able to afford them, and you know it and it ultimately ends up costing more money and and and they do, the prevention cost more exactly and ends up hurting them at the end of the day which it, which is not right. So it's really important that we have. You know coverage, so we announced one that we would cover medication for everyone in Canada, a universal medication plan, not Universal Pharma care plan, and then yesterday we announced our identify a dental care plan which would cover everyone who earns less than 70,000. It doesn't have any coverage immediately. We would cover all those Canadians that don't have coverage, that's 4.3 million people and we get coverage right away. What would that mean? Do you think to have dental coverage right away and to have medication coverage? What would that mean like in your life? What do you think that would mean it take a huge weight off your shoulders, knowing that you don't have to worry about having that sitting there in case of an emergency here, you know you tooth actually I had a problem with my tooth, once I was having severe pain and because I wasn't going for my regular preventive care, that's right, um and if the choice was either a root canal or have my tooth extracted and as a single mom and all these other expenses of being diabetic and life expenses I had to choose to extract my tooth and then like that sighs I lost a tooth because I couldn't I couldn't afford to fix it, and I also can afford to prevent it from even happening right. So it's really you think it would mean them gonna, be in the world. I think to everybody to just know that you know everything I feel like it starts with their mouths right, not only to have a beautiful smile like Matthew, but when you have problems in your mouth that leads to other health issues as well. So if you're not taking care of your mouth, you are gonna, have other health complications further down the line as well yeah wait think would mean to somebody to have you know to have that dental care coverage I most, would think of like the parents, who's, obviously like. Sometimes you get a lot sugars like that in them suppose they have like no electric cavity or some like that, and then you know you take a dentist and they're like I. Need it like the kid needs a root canal, or so like that, how legen, if a parents can't afford it? How do you tell that child right? That's their like? It's like somebody, young likes, like you know, you're 12, 13, no, like I, were moving house. My first time, I. Think I like go to the dentist's, because a cavity comes made a lot of sugar, but that my parents are able to cover it, but I'm. Just I was worried, like you know some of my friends at school, I gotta. Thank you all again. I'm gonna just turn that folks know what we're planning to do for for small businesses across this country who want to take care of their workers, but can't afford to because it's so expensive for people like Nadeem who who understands that he would actually benefit him. If his workers were able to have that type of coverage, they would feel more secure. They would know that they could get the care that they need when they need it, they could prevent illnesses before they happen. It would make workers sort of happier and able to contribute more. So in a team as a small business owner, you see the benefit the workers are sharing their stories. What we're proposing is this for small businesses to make sure that they're able to be successful, I argue- and we argue, as New Democrats said, having universal medication coverage is gonna, help them out, and the dental care plan that we announce is also gonna help out in a massive way. If you look at the coverage and know what it would cost for a small business to cover both medication and dental care, it can cost as much as $1,600 per employee. What we're offering it's gonna make sure that's all covered. We're gonna mean what I mean in just overnight the difference for someone who, like Gina who's, worried about the cost of her diabetic or diabetes. Medication. Insulin, life-saving medication is not a choice. You have to take it. What we're saying is we can cover that right away? We can put in place a Pharma care plan in one year. That means medication is covered for small businesses. This would be a massive assistance is, but also how businesses in general and then the dental care plan. This is gonna help, so many Canadians right right away. This is basically government dental insurance, where we can put this in place very quickly and make sure people have the access to the dentals. They mean they can prevent illnesses in the long term. They can treat those that they have. This would mean a lot we're really proud of this plan and then on top of that, what we're hoping to do, what we're going to do is to to continue to support small businesses with these investments, we're always going to make sure that small business acts remain where they are competitive and and lower at the nine percent. We want small businesses to thrive and we believe in making these investments in health care we'll make them even more competitive and more successful, so I'm really excited to be able to talk about the impacts of our investments, not just on the workers and the people, but the businesses that are the back backbone of our economy. Thank you again for being here and I'll. Take some questions from the media. Take one second, we'll get you the mic: okay, hi! Thanks for your patience, this is now, as you can say all morning, a repetitive behavior by mr. Trudeau in nature. Brownface, now a video. Do you I, think that's a question Canadians are gonna, have to answer. I can tell you that I am deeply troubled, but what this means to Canada that young kids are gonna, see not just one or two but multiple images of the Prime Minister mocking their live reality. This is so hurtful to so many Canadians people who have faced injury both in physical violence and in words people who haven't be able to get jobs because of the color of their skin. Now we're waking up to seeing the prime minister of this country mock their live realities. This is very painful for a lot of people and and I want those folks to know who are going through this right now and thinking that maybe I don't have any value. Maybe I don't have any worth, because the Prime Minister is just shown a repetitive behavior. Maybe I don't have that dignity that I believed in myself. I want them. People to know right now, I can ease know that they are. They have value, they are loved that they should celebrate, who they are as hard. It is I want them to learn. Your response was interesting. You were asked if you would shake his hand at the leaders today. Well, I mean it's it's a difficult thing to think about. How do you respond to somebody? How do you? How do you look someone in the eye? That's that's marked the live reality that I've lived, but more importantly than so many Canadians of it I think he's got a lot to answer for and I'm I'm also concerned that this is an ongoing pattern. Behavior that doesn't just talk about his past, but most recently, I think about what happened behind closed doors at a private fundraiser. When protesters who raised a concern about mercury poisoning and grassy narrows when they said what are you gonna do to help out our community and he responded by saying thank you for your donation. He mocked people, he mobbed people who are living with mercury poisoning that was in from 10 years ago or 15 years ago. That was from earlier this year, but that shows to me is he's mocking the struggles that people are going through and that pattern of behavior, of making light of the struggles that people face to me. I think Canadians are gonna, have a lot of questions about his sincerity, a lot of questions about who is the real mr. trudeau and those are very legitimate questions that Canadians really be asking. Would you like him to call you to have a discussion I think it's his decision in terms of what he should be doing if he should be reaching out, I I would meet him face to face and tell him what he did was wrong and that Canadians expect a lot better. But, more importantly, I think he's got a look at the impact this has on Canadians and the focus has to be in what this means to so many people in Canada and what what they're living with and what their was. What they're faced with Abigail Beeman Global News good morning on the plane. Last night, mr. Trudeau referred to a second incident in high school, but he didn't say anything about the Global News video that came out it's when we just like your response to that. Should he have mentioned that there were, you know numerous incidents, or what does it mean that there is this other one? Yes, I think Canadians would expect that he had mentioned whenever it happened and really what this, what this really speaks to is is imagine what that would feel like if you've gone through pain in your life if you've been treated differently, if you face insults, if you face physical violence, because the way you look if you've been treated differently by the police, if you faced systemic barriers, particularly as it relates to anti black racism, thinking about what this means to somebody and then to see the Prime Minister, making light of that, how would someone feel living in this country? I can tell you that it hurts it makes you rethink so many things, and it also brings up a lot of past trauma. So this is a very difficult time for so many Canadians and we've got to reach out to them. There's a lot of people that are in need friends to reach out and say you know what that is. Not the candidate that we believe in people are gonna need to know that there is a lot of allies out there that we check that way of thinking that reject Maquis people for their live realities. The Canada is a beautiful place where we believe in taking care of each other and I. Think a lot of good Park and I need to be reminded that there are a lot of allies out there. So please do that and let your friends know and reach out to people and let them know that they're not alone, so single joke nice image. Do we shoot we do Canada soundly Kuchar, okay, Beck, leisure, Sam, Z sooner after Janice, he said excusing psychopathic, comescu sex picky, let's Ference the reaction on the around Quebec. It is wrong that Canada it more it forcibly. The joke is on impacting don't all you, the Sibley logic bombs, dessert chef, Paul mmm, oh poor, Harry, Shearer, Oh, John, T, so touchy pasa. They jockey on Vicki lajas is matured avi la jeunesse, Kia's similar on the dude, asked his own Avella, no skill, his own, a schizo Emunah. He says only comcast your pool Judy a Canadian Audrey Anjali, the engine engendered Sano Shivaji. He was his image. He said shine. A visit. Valley Oak is a visit, a me to be celibate a lot of a pool, cue that seemed necessary compounds. The junkies on the CDP idler pulley, Simeon company electoral, don't le in nama, quality cuckoo John Quebec sounds Iike support and whose effect, oh hello magazine, you see, civil to see dope social patola, a Scholastic, sorry, but the apologies replace complicated my say: Torino calcio, the the evaluates the Commission's Widow and sheep. Ask a lesion on suitabie the Castro initiative in the question, so she left Emma suitable. Truly multiple is the custom in about wanna meet like a C&C. Ask a live famous you to see me, sir - dokie, Ricky, Dicky bucola diversity to pull a community of the one who, let me see? Oh, do they are here bleep knocked at me. He smoked the militant Donna community octatonic he said mock the John calls a local adapter, successful abdication stayed. The keel of famous you to do is Japan's Cassie, Cassie, also lazy team, a leak, an idea on at what the possessiveness Chbosky, Yahweh and impact who lead. This is your college. It la population, Canadian, dot-com, Parker park or circumcision to do a multi dollar public. A second I met, no View Calif wha onca dpv is a mod. Kiddie are in deeper house in ya, beaucoup de costume, Livesey team kiselev across the son of zippor. My colleague was sweet music Aquos Galanos by the liberty team wins out of wait. Yes, you don't own a 10-month, yeah, the secona, no no sea bass case after demo, ideally PT. My honor, please doc on apparently George V avec le gentil car by jean de mesa, a causal effects in on part -, yawns, medica mo. You know, brother back here to police one Delta exactly beaucoup de problem city. No shell Diwali disservice, doctor danke Costas, a beaucoup de Monte, okay on Nepali Nimoy and Allah above the movie, but that's God on a veneer on poly fear may come gene ID calmly, so Tandy across this as a create a new C on a post. One day, Numan meant a no sacrifice: the problem that I've been you know, proposal Judy, Saba, Danny, the disease, googly pity my anata. Please push susukino complete both Hawaii for continued to drop a bullet robbery robbery, so kondakova Avenida, Cuba to police, found out there equally as a science medical suburb book within two months of a DDP team Williams on the please he continually ferries investors parkinson. Yes, so today's announcement basically is we understand that small businesses would love to be able to cover their employees, but it's very expensive and employees want to have access to services, but they put it off because it's so costly they might not get the dental care that they need, because it costs too much. They might avoid taking the medication or skip dosages, and that puts her life at risk and for some people they can't afford to skip dosages because it literally would mean they'll die. These are difficult decisions, horrible decisions that families have to make and what we're saying to small businesses today is instead of worrying about whether your employees have coverage or not we're gonna make investments that are gonna. Save businesses significantly for a small business. It could cost as much as sixteen hundred dollars to cover medic medication and dental services. We're going to cover that with our plan, that's going to mean a significant benefit for small businesses, for their ability for their employees to be well covered and to be able to work hard. It also means that we're going to continue with the nine percent small business tax that recognizes that small businesses are in a different position than the larger corporations want to continue to support a thriving climate for small and medium sized businesses. What come we'll come to you, I will start with I'm gonna make that said good morning. My name is Samantha Craig's I'm, with the CBC and Hamilton. Actually, we've had an issue in Hamilton there, a discussion happening around racism and hate crime. We had a very violent incident of our Pride Festival. We have yellow vests protests happening outside of City Hall and recent stats. Canada statistics show that we have the highest incidents of hate and hate crime and hate related incidents. Um. What role do you see the federal government as having to play in that, and what role in DP government have to play in that we have a big role to play. Man, absolutely one of the champions in this city. Who's been fighting back against systemic racism. He is our candidate from Hamilton center Matthew Greene, having someone like Matthew with his experience and his advocacy is gonna make a difference in people's lives. It's gonna mean that there's someone on their side when it comes to the ongoing rise of hate, broadly speaking, here in Hamilton, but across Canada, we know it's a real threat. We've seen it across the world, in fact, and when you've got a prime minister that is mocking the Lib realities of Canadians. It can inflame those tensions and give more oxygen to those who believe in discriminating people based on the way they look. That's why it's deeply concerning the impact that this has on Canada and on the lives of Canadians can't be underestimated. This is massive and that's why it's so important for us to think about what people are going through right now and how they might be hurting, and that's why it's so important to have a federal government. That's truly on your side, that doesn't just say nice things in public. That in private also believes those same values and it's gonna move forward with policies to end discriminations. One of the things we're really proud of is we're putting forward policies at the federal level to end things like carding or discriminatory policing that singles out people because of the call their skin. We're also want to put in place changes to our justice system to recognize the unfairness that impacts some communities far more than others that disproportionately impacts racialized and minority communities. We want to build a society where people are not judged or treated unfairly because of the color of their skin or their identity, and that's something that New Democrats are committed to doing just on another local issue. We have a plan, light rail transit system that it's going to run through Hamilton and there have been some concerns that it might exceed the one billion dollar price tag. The liberals have said that they would be willing to look at making up the debt pitching in if there, if there is a cost overrun. What's the NDP's take on that, would you be willing to do that? Oh we're firmly in favor of public transit. Our concern with the project is that it's the private, the privatization of the project, but we absolutely want to support public transit. We absolutely want to support investments in an infrastructure that allow people to move around the city. These are the infrastructure investments that we know will reduce the emissions from transportation. We want to boldly invest across our country in public infrastructure, for public transit, but we also want to make sure make sure we put an emphasis on maintaining public ownership as much as possible. That is the only way to move forward with accessibility and affordability being top of mind, as opposed to a priority of profits being the motive. But with this project we want to support hamiltonians being able to get around and we want to support investments in other transit. High CHCH news is Trudeau's apology worth anything, I think that's what Canadians are gonna have to answer. It's up to Canadians to accept that or not it's. It's not for me to say whether or not his apology, something that Canadians can accept, but I know that there's a lot of legitimate questions that are raised right now and those questions speak to who is the real mr. Trudeau, whether he is sincere when he speaks about helping out people and really it speaks to I. Think a massive question about who he's in it for him, because it seemed very clear with more and more examples and does not have at his best interest people those who are struggling. Those who are faced with mercury poisoning and grassy narrows Canadians, who are struggling with housing. Canadians were struggling with systemic racism. It doesn't seem like he's on their side, but what it does seem like with all the evidence we have he's been on the side of big pharma, he's he's, defended their benefits or their profits to the detriment of Canadians he's, given massive money to the wealthiest corporations in the last fall comic statement, so that companies can purchase corporate jets and limousines. So it's clear who he's working for I think a lot of Canadians are wondering if it's only for the wealthy, because that's what it seems like yeah in eighteen plus years, someone can grow and change and learn from things that they did decades ago. Absolutely they can and what happens, is when there's a pattern of behavior. The the growth also shows a pattern, a behavior that they've changed their behavior one of the most startling pieces. Examples that we can look to is the recent grassy narrows example and I can highlight that enough, because that is behind closed doors at a private fundraiser. Who is the real mission Trudeau someone who mocks protesters who are raising a concern about mercury poisoning? I've had my experience with protesters, it can be frustrating. Sometimes, but I would never ever think that anyone would ever justify mocking people who are concerned about mercury poisoning to me that there is. There is something about that that the level of disrespect and disregard in that action that speaks to someone is not learned. Is he fit for office again? There's a really good opportunity for Canadians answer that question. We have an election and a lot of question communities are gonna, be asking those questions. Is someone fit for office who has done these things and has a pattern of behavior that doesn't just end with one incident but multiple incidents? Does it just end in the past, but continues to the present with very recent examples of marking people with legitimate concerns about the safety of their community? If someone's going to mock a community, that's suffering from mercury poisoning, I think Canadians are right to ask the question: is this someone that they want to continue to see as Prime Minister and I leave that decision to Canadians I will certainly hold them to account for what I see are horrible incidents of disrespect for people and a continued priority of helping the very wealthy I know we're talking about the Prime Minister, but also it is the Liberal Party included in this in this escapade as well? Well, I would say in terms of the question of who's in it for you or who's working for you, the Liberal Party has consistently shown that they've helped out they're very powerful in the very wealthy. If you look back over the years, the Liberal Party's consistently made decisions that give billions of dollars to the wealthiest corporations, but don't invest in people and there's a cost to that. When you give money to the billionaires, it hurts Canadians more in a housing crisis. Today, despite over the past thirty years, the majority of those years were Liberal government's in power and they feel to make investments. - to help people out to invest in things like child care to invest in things like day care to invest in pharma care. These are commitments that Liberal government's into making since 1993 and 1994 kids, who were promised day care have grown up and are having kids of their own. That's what we have as evidence of what the Liberal Party it takes as a priority: hi lisa poleski for global news, radio, 900 C HTML, just wondering if you could comment on Andrew shears, condemnation of Justin Trudeau's the photos that came out of Trudeau and as well as the you know, kind of the the videos that have surfaced in regards to shears on history and the controversial things that he has said well, I think what's get lot, what gets lost when we've got people like Mr Shearer and mr. Trudeau, making comments as people who are impacted. We can't talk about racist incidents without talking about people impacted by racism. We can't talk about hurtful images without talking about the impact they might have on people and that's what I want to focus in on the people that are being impacted by this today. Our feeling pain, they're really really be trauma, they're reliving memories of when they were treated unfairly when they were hurt physically, and that is to me, is really sad that people are going through them. We've got to think about them and think about what that means for them and how we can reach out and help those folks I remain Samantha Craig's from the CBC in Hamilton I just wondered, um still work or jobs. When we had the situation of retaliatory tariffs, the Trudeau government came forward with some money to try to help protect those jobs. We have numerous numerous jobs in Hamilton that are tied to the steel industry. How would you protect Hamilton steel jobs? Well, first of all, we had mr. Trudeau the Prime Minister of Canada negotiated trade agreement that allowed illegal tears to continue no great advocates for state workers like Scott Duvall here in Hamilton and and the great team, Dave Kristofferson, all called out and said. How is it possible that we have a trade agreement? That's being signed, that's being worked out where illegal tariffs continue to impact workers across Canada, here in Hamilton, of course, but across Canada, steel and aluminum workers were seriously hurt by these tariffs and mr. Trudeau didn't think it was important to negotiate to get those lifted and they were illegal tariffs. On top of that, so that's one clear example of not making this a priority. We would never have gone down a path of negotiating a trade agreement without first lifting or ensuring, as a part of that jury agreement, was to lift that illegal tariffs that were hurting workers. We've got to invest in in Canadian workers and Canadian manufacturing, one other concrete way where we can ensure that we build a strong manufacturing base that supports steel and aluminium is when we're using public dollars for procurement. There has to be a requirement for made in Canada content. Many other countries around the world in Europe and in the states have procurement policies that require made in their own country content when we're using our public dollars, for example, if we're building infrastructure, if we're buying trains and it's a public asset or publicly investing our dollars, we have to look at a requirement to create meeting kind of a Content. That's gonna create business for Canadian businesses. That's going to create jobs, most importantly for Canadians here in our communities. That's something we've got to do. We've committed to doing. Thank you so much appreciate every being here. Thank you. It's everyone sitting around this table. Thank you so much thank you. You're never gonna die before, but the trick is even if you'll notice is trying to put okay, do they say like say if you don't feel a need or not afraid, that's not really realistic. What's realistic is bravery is when you feel a little bit overrated and use a little bit of fear, and then you still go ahead and do it yeah. That's what you did. That's pretty cool, there's some delicious food coming out, so I think about to eat some of it. This is from actually when I made the announcement. I just read this now this is good. This is what were you gonna? Do these two things: dental care, medication? You said that was a great story. That's why, especially with farming care that there's a lot of things, I've no coverage, but even those who have coverage yeah, actually, one of the things. Actually, this key works like I work for Hamilton health sciences and everybody thinks all doing work in health care myself, any good. How you do this, my coworker, her daughter, is also a type 1 diabetic and these new technology- you know they're coming in with, but they want us even better this. It's a continuous glucose monitoring system. Yes, it you wear it and every five minutes. It's checking it. It's fantastic for the young kids who are newly diagnosed, because mom doesn't have to worry about poking their finger in the middle of the night. If took kid starts from a little phone alert, wake her up and she can go and fix it before it drops too low they're not covered under our packages. I mean I, don't have benefits, cuz I'm, only a part-time employee, but the full-time place. We do have packages even the Libre sensor. It's not covered unfair and it's I love this sensor because I chip more frequently because I'm physically active I go to the gym all the time. So sometimes you know you're working out your adrenaline runs. You get a little shaky thing. I'm running low I, don't have to waste the test. Room I can just leave my phone: okay, I'm, fine, it's just the gym the blood flowing through me. Alright, so I don't waste. The tester I didn't throw in a dollar right there, but they're not covered new technology, but that's where we're moving with taking care of these chronic illnesses, everything becoming new technology and none of its covered, our husbands, even a firefighter- and it's not even covered in his benefits yeah. So that's the thing with our plan is going to be. All medical devices are to be included as well. You want to make it as broad as possible.