Halten, please welcome the liberal candidate for Milton Adam Bandt Coubertin. Oh yes, everybody! How are we how we do in Halton how we do in Oakville how we do in Burlington how we doing Halton Hills people from Hamilton here from Toronto here? How are we doing? Are there any liberals here? Sorry, are there any liberals here so there's a few liberals here and why are we liberals we're liberals? Because when we were walking in here, we are in front of the escarpment, the Niagara Escarpment, we're on the Greenbelt, we're in one of the nicest parts of southwestern owns here, one of the nicest parts of the world and we're liberals, because we care about the environment. We acknowledge that science and the facts and the evidence and the research that says we got to stand up and do something we got to change our ways a little bit. We got to listen to experts and the research and the facts and the evidence and move forward together. That's why we're choosing forward right little over ten years ago, I got to walk into the opening ceremonies. The Olympic Games in Beijing China carrying our flag for Team, Canada and I'll. Tell you, as I was walking in to the bird's nest stadium I looked out into the audience. The parade of athletes and I saw a lot of countries and a lot of athletes from different countries, and somebody behind me on Team Canada, there's 300 of my sporting heroes. Behind me, I was marching in with them and as I marched and I heard. One of them start singing o Canada, so I started waving the flag and turning around and I saw all the countries as I was turning around. The parade of athletes was in front of me and, as I turned her on her face, Team Canada I didn't see a country that look like one country, I saw a country that looks like the world and Milton Milton is a town that looks like the world and Halton as a region looks like the world and Ontario is a province that looks like the world and that's what we stand for. As liberals, because we know that diversity is our strength in Canada as a first generation Canadian, my mom Fiat is right here as a first generation Canadian. We acknowledge that a Canadian is a Canadian. Is a Canadian there's no difference between any of us. We also know that Canadians are born every day, all around the world in every country, and they just don't know they're Canadians. Yet, but one day they will be got a lot of space and a lot to share everybody. I've got a really special surprise. We're gonna sing our favorite song together and a really good friend of mine came along to share this. Has anybody ever heard of the Barenaked Ladies? Well I brought my friend ed Robertson from the Barenaked Ladies I'm, taking hey everybody? How are you what an absolute pleasure it is to see this many people engaged with their community engaged with their country and engaged with my good friend, Adam Vancouver? Did you thought the prime minister was handsome come on all right? We're gonna sing the anthem together. Can we do that here? We go I, hope I, don't screw up the words I sing, one part in French, but it's not the part that everybody usually sings in French so sing, whatever you're comfortable with it's your anthem. It's not anybody else's anthem, right sing. What you want here! We go: True, North, strong and free from wide. This is where I go to fridge for liberal Canadian values. Let's hear it for Adam Vancouver den, and let's hear it for all of you who came out because you want what's best for your community and what's best for your country, thanks everybody Fulton! Please welcome the leader of the Liberal Party of Canada, just hello, Milton, oh wow, what a crowd, what a room? How about another amazing round of applause for head Robertson and what to say about Adam I, have known Adam Vancouver den for over 15 years now and I've never met anyone, so hard-working so focused and so determined to be the great MP for Milton. That Milton deserves Thank You Adam for stepping up, but thank you all for stepping up for the conversations you've led over the past weeks and months for the doors you've knocked on for the conviction. You've shown that every day we can fight for a better Canada and we can choose to move forward and I can't help, but think, as we approach the end of this election campaign, think back to 2015 and the choice Canadians made then to close the book on the Harper decade, a decade of underinvestment in Canadians and in their communities of nothing done on climate change, of a withdrawal of defense of women's rights of LGBT rights, and instead we chose to move forward in 2015, Canadians stepped up. It came together and picked a government that would focus on investing in them on fighting climate change, on restoring Canada's place in the world and over the past four years. That's exactly what we did. What it meant was that, through investing in families investing in things like lowering taxes for the middle class by asking the wealthiest 1% to do a little more by delivering a Canada child benefit that helps 9 out of 10 Canadian families with hundreds of dollars a month and has lifted 9, 300,000 kids out of poverty. The choices we made over the past four years worked not only if we see the lowest unemployment in 40 years and the creation of a million new jobs, most of them full-time. We also lifted 900,000 Canadians out of poverty, that approach of choosing investment, investment in infrastructure investment in our communities. Investments in building a stronger future for all Canadians is why we have a strong and growing economy and are helping millions of Canadians right across the country, but the truth is for all. We've done we're just getting started and that's why this election is so important. You see the Conservatives have put forward exactly the same plan that Stephen Harper failed at for ten years, although you got to give them credit. This may be the first time on record that the Conservatives decided to recycle something, but no Andrew Shearer kept his platform hidden for the first stretch of the campaign, didn't release it until late in the game after the debates. Indeed, on a Friday night of a long weekend, and why did he do that? Well, he did that because there's nothing for Canadians in that platform, but cuts cuts, cuts. Fifty three billion dollars worth of cuts, that's actually four times as much in cuts as Doug Ford is currently inflicting on Ontarians I, think people in Milton, and indeed right across the province right across the country, understand that now is not the time to double down on conservative cuts and the other thing. The only other thing Mr Shearer is offering other than cuts and a couple of tax breaks for the wealthiest, because that's just what conservatives do is to rip up the only real plan to fight climate change that Canada has ever had Nephilim oval wall, the legalities piece, mold young cone, 800 kilo, Newton fuh fuh-fuh in the DC vehicle approach, key function, a polar Canada, Sasuke, the metal, a poubelle lisara plaque on a chamois in Politico tree shows monkey magic, no sip, a cup sucks I was passing. That's why this election is so important. This election is so important because we are facing a choice that is not just about the next four years. It's about the next 40 years. Will we keep supporting families? Will we keep making life more affordable? Will we lead in the fight against climate change, or will we go backwards? I know what Milton wants to choose. That's right and that's exactly and that's exactly the plan we have we'd make it that made the decision to even do more to invest in Canadians and that's why we need a progressive government to lead in the fight against climate change and to make life more affordable for everyone all neighbors window service, our leader, Buddha low dose, epi poor efficiency, conservator key nunu represent party Nanak open ba da novella l, don''t approach, Donna diesel, the potential in Wadi Farm Philippine police on connections Mishima. Take the bar serum on to show mayor Arakawa stance on a visa, so the no community dunno Joe sapelo, the key request upon ecology practices da Alexio, potala, positio I, know the Canadians understand how important it is to continue with a government that is progressive, not just an opposition that is progressive because, to be quite honest, I was part of a very progressive opposition that watched Stephen Harper, do nothing on climate change and actually pull us out of Kyoto. The watched, Stephen Harper cut our military cut services for our veterans, cut public safety by cutting border security, loosening gun control. These are the things that a strong opposition couldn't stop. What we need is a strong Liberal government. You know we talk a lot. We use that word progressive, a progressive government. What does that mean? Well tell you what that means. That means, when we see a senior who's lost her partner of 50 years who's mourning it who's, trying to figure out what her life's gonna be now realizes that, on top of all the challenges she's facing, she just saw her pension benefits cut because she lost her husband's pension. Well, we're gonna help her out. That's what a progressive government does. A progressive government is one that understands how important it is for students to be able to get that post-secondary education they need, which is why we're further increasing student grants and making sure that you won't have to start paying back your canada student loan until you're, making at least thirty five thousand dollars a year. That's what a progressive government does and a progressive government is one that understands that measures like the Canada Child Benefit, don't just help out millions of families across the country. Thousands upon thousands of families right here in Milton, it creates economic growth for us all because more confidence in your future, more confidence in your kids future. That makes all the difference and a progressive government. Well we're going to increase the Canada child benefit by 15 percent for kids under one Google them up like resist. Vaucanson, erry, dollah, lewd collisions monkey magic, that's gone, see, go Papa, Razzi, green economy prefer see alive, mmm, - only part a the potential Andiamo Aleut occultations mathematic. A progressive government understands that you cannot build a strong economy for the future if you were not also fighting climate change and protecting the environment and that's exactly what we did four years ago, Canada had no national plan to fight climate change and we made sure over the past four years that now in every single province it is no longer free to pollute and we're putting more money back in people's pockets with it. We're banning single-use plastics phasing out coal-fired plants brought in a historic oceans, protection plan and when we took office in 2015 there was only one percent of our coasts and oceans that were protected and we said we're gonna hit ten percent by 2020 20, and actually we didn't quite do that because it's only 2019 and we've already protected 14 percent, but we need to do so much more. We need to get to 25 percent of our land and 25 percent of our oceans protected by 2025. We need to surpass our 2030 targets and hit net zero by 2050. We need to plant two billion trees. You know I was talking with one of our MPs one of our candidates in Markham Mary yang, and she was telling me that about a gentleman who told her his story. He voted conservative last election and pretty much all his life he's a conservative, but he sent Mary this time. I'm voting liberal and she said okay, that's great, but why he said because this time I gave my vote to my 13 year old daughter and she says the environment and my future is too important. So I'm voting, liberal and I'm choosing forward. That's the choice we are facing today. It's a choice. That's going to echo. We need to make sure that young Canadians talk to their parents, talk to their friends, get out and vote and make sure that we stay on this path of fighting climate change, of making life more affordable of getting guns off our streets and stopping conservative cuts. We've put forward the strongest gun control legislation in Canada's history, we're going to be banning assault weapons and ensuring that cities can ban handguns, and not only are the Conservatives not going to do that, but they're going to reverse some of the stronger regulations we already put in that's not moving forward. So my friends over the coming two days. We need to keep working incredibly hard. We need to keep reaching out to Canadians and talking about the important choice they're facing. We need to make sure that everyone understands that this election is about our collective future and the choice couldn't be clearer. Do we step up or do we go backwards and right here in Adam, Vancouver, Dan's, future riding of Milton I can't help, but think of something my father used to tell me and that I passed on to my son as I'm teaching him how to canoe. You see my father used to say that when you're crossing that big lake and the crowds, the clouds roll in and the wind picks up and the waves start to break over the edge of your canoe, there's only one thing to do: sing, louder and paddle harder. So let's go doors on. Let's choose forward.