It's not news, but Canadians pay dearly for their cellphones. Today, Justin Trudeau announced a reelected. Liberal government would slash those cellphone bills by 25% within four years. Here's how Trudeau claims that will work. We are going to engage with companies so that they reduced by 25% they're built their fees over the next 22 years, and we will strengthen and bring in further competition into the market if they are unable to achieve that. The Liberals will try and convince telecoms to lower bills, and if that doesn't work after two years, the Liberals would change some rules to let more and smaller players in something those big telecoms won't like. If that works. Trudeau says this would save the average family a thousand dollars a year. Now this was a two-part announcement. Trudeau is also promising to change the personal tax exemption limit. Currently, Canadians don't pay tax on the first $12,000 they make that's the 2019 federal personal exemption. A Liberal government would phase in an increase to 15,000 by 2023. That rate is linked to inflation, but they say this would still give a $2,000 boost over inflation. This is targeted at the middle class. Anyone making up to a hundred and forty seven thousand dollars a year, but if you make between a hundred and forty seven and two hundred and ten thousand dollars a year, you'll still get some of the tax break that was promised today. The Liberals say this will cost 5.6 billion dollars by the time. It's all phased in our plan lowers taxes the most for people who make less, gives the middle class some breathing room and ensures that the wealthy don't get an extra hand up. It has been four days since the blackface story broke these two policy announcements. Clearly an attempt to change the channel, a strategic location here in Brampton Ontario. This is part of the key Greater Toronto battleground ridings known as the 905, a fight between liberals and conservatives. Brampton is interesting. There are five ridings here and it could be a three-way fight. All five elected liberals in 2015, but new Democrat leader jug, meets Singh used to represent Brampton provincial II. He has big name recognition here, his brother, a provincial politician in Brampton as well.