I'm going to be asking Canadians to forgive me for what I did I shouldn't have done, that I take responsibility for it. It was a dumb thing to do. I'm disappointed to myself I'm pissed off at myself for having done it. I wish I hadn't done it, but I did it and I apologize for returning to our top story that political bombshell. Now, since we heard from the Prime Minister on his plane, we've had at least three incidents of the Liberal leader, Justin Trudeau, wearing black or brown face. These have been emerging a force in the midst of this federal election campaign. So, let's bring in our chief political correspondent, David akin he's live this afternoon with the liberal campaign in Winnipeg David Justin Trudeau. We just heard him apologize, saying he's sorry asking for forgiveness. What do you think is gonna happen with this campaign? Can his campaign recover from this with the election just a month away boy I mean sorry to use the cliche, but time was gonna. Tell her. We don't have anything to compare against any circumstance like this. A prime minister, an incumbent, Prime Minister in the middle of the campaign, engaging in what is such too many Canadians such an offensive, racist behavior, and that apology that you just played the clip from that was on the plane. Last night in Halifax was about ten feet from the prime minister when he said it and of course, at that time what he was apologizing for was first of all. Well, he was 29 years old putting on blackface while he was a teacher at his school putting on brown face at that case at an Arabian Nights event, and then, when we asked him, have you ever done that before he said yes in high school, he put on blackface and sang the Harry Belafonte song day-o. But now, of course, is our calling Mercedes Stevenson broke this morning. There is another video of another separate incident, the liberal tour here confirming it is Trudeau in blackface. He appears to be outdoors and in an unknown location, sort of waving and gesticulating at the camera. So there are three but of course, when he speaks to the meeting he's going to do that here in Winnipeg. In a couple of hours, for the first time since last night, the question is going to be: was there just three sir, because last night we asked you for all of them. You said there was only one other was the three? Is there five? Is there 15 now there's a trust issue, I think that many Canadians may have and the moral math on here far out. You know a lot of been talking to a lot of people today, just everyday people working as I go about coffee shops, cab, drivers, cleaners and some of them are saying. Powerful image for Trudeau was still when he was greeting Syrian refugees. That is the positive Trudeau. Obviously, right now we're dealing with the negative Trudeau. How do you square that? That is going to be the question for all the campaign's in the days ahead, and will this split the vote in the Liberal Party I mean, like you said, even among people of color we've seen people in clips, we've just played in the newscast some saying. Well, it's more about policies, and you know talking about the Conservatives and their policies versus the liberal policies. So that'll be really interesting. What is the are they just in damage control Marta? They are in a hotel room right now, just figuring out what to say next, pretty much so we were supplant to come to. Winnipeg was a say we were in Halifax. We were literally at the airport when this news broke and there's an impromptu press conference, and if we had planned to be in Winnipeg for some morning, events and then move on, so they shut down the itinerary and and told us standby and really just before this newscast came to air, we did get the confirmed itinerary for the p.m. again. It's going to be a media availability. It'll be outdoors at a street corner here in downtown Winnipeg at about 2:00 p.m. Eastern, and then Trudeau will fly to Saskatoon tonight where he will speak at a liberal rally. Normally, that would be a rah-rah pom-pom up take some shots at the Conservatives. We think the tone will be substantially different. Now.