Thank you, Mary. Thank you very much folks. Today, we've heard the Liberals gonna announce their platform and I just want to remind Canadians that mr. Trudeau and the Liberals like to announce a lot of promises, but they've consistently broken them and not only have they broken them, but they've chosen to help those at the very top I think I can think of so many examples. They talked about the importance of fighting climate change and making it a priority, and then they bought a pipeline for 4.5 billion dollars. They talked about how they would be there for people and families, middle-class families who needed help and they gave 14 billion dollars away to the wealthiest corporations in the last fall Kannamma k-state's. While families are struggling with the cost of housing and medication, they promised to lower the cost of medications, but instead they caved to pharmaceutical lobbyists who they met with over eight hundred and seventy five times and rather protect the profits. A big pharma then lower the cost for families again and again. Mr. Trudeau and the Liberals choose to help out the powerful in the wealthy and it hurts families. So they're gonna make some promises again today, but let's look at their track record again and again they choose to hurt families. They took three billion dollars away from students, students who were profited off of they were in student debt and their student debt was charged massive interest, but on the other side they forgave six billion dollars in loans to wealthy corporations. That's the contrast, that's what the Liberals do. They talk a lot say a lot of nice promises said a lot of pretty words, but in the end it's empty promises and they hurt people and, as I, want folks to know today, don't lose your dream varkala platform, the libya ho in sick will phone too late on, say they done the bail per hole and they promised vid his only kid vote. They found run on Viacom, oh and secure liaison fees on a shitty on people in in some Park later the Edit FME mill, John Donnie and Concord Oh luli purush cut off media dollar Philippe. You wish multinational econ company a Noba a deal if a Macumba stranded pavel a large marble table his own PE is on FST. This nut box, my chemistry, harper lodgement and board habla meson decays at increase the lodge model, - returns to conversate in Hoover, no more vaguely livable, he done the Beltre whole, my body, conk I, don't parties axiom concat, he on Vashon jihad, you some on a different four years, four years. If they wanted to do any of these things, they were in a majority situation with all the power they did. None of these things in four years. What do they do, though? Let's look at their actual actions. What's the concrete evidence we have in four years, they pick the pockets of students who are in student debt. They charge them three billion dollars in interest. They profited off the students three billion dollars, but on the contrast they gave six billion dollars away in loans and in fact, they forgave six billion dollars in loans to the wealthiest corporations. That's what they do so they could say, although on now, what's their track record, the track record is this: they help out the wealthiest corporations and they heard students and they'd continue to hurt students. Obviously we would do the same thing. We've been talking about this for years, but I don't understand how this is a no-cost thing to do. We've been calling for this band for years. Why could they have done it over the past four years when they had a majority, they had a complete majority in the house. They had four years. This is something that is so obvious. Why wasn't it done in four years again? This is liberals, trotting our promises, trotting out empty promises and then pretty words during an election which they could have done four years ago. If they really cared Documenta know about the the equity and in process whiskey. Tell mama, Vizquel kiosk owner choose your DK on a confessor in Maintenon, in the fkk donkeys on humility, to approve our delaford Maintenon d or over a burly offset practic, a modular truth. Incroyable Kapooka, a purple affair found on a donkey's on you. Morality, I just want to make it really clear that I've always wanted to show the contrast. People have an opportunity to make to vote in this election and I want people to know that there's a choice they've got mr. Trudeau he's scaring people into choosing into voting and to to not their plan. Is this they're trying to scare people and to saying? Oh, this is worse than us, but that is not the way people should vote. They should vote for what they believe in. They should vote for what they Karen and if you look at the track record of the Liberals they've consistently said a lot of nice promises. They said a lot of nice words, but they've made decisions that have hurt. Families and I want people to know that that's not the way they have to go they're not stuck between bad and worse. They shouldn't be scared and to be afraid of voting for conservatives and then end up voting for liberals just because they're afraid they should vote for what they believe in and mr. Trudeau and the Liberals have consistently shown that they've chosen to protect and help out the people at the very top and that's hurt families, okg Bellucci mantra, mantra key beyond option dose at alexion, a liberal vote on Tuesday bell. / Hall may shock work on ideas on Shaytan, more important in choise edid leap, usually the atom atom to the moon. It's a family, fami age. We some ankiet kid yeah an option to know they voted on the election. Milly liberal, -, Judy, yeah, Keiko Suzuki appear canoe. May sleep RFS on devotee the Sun upon the security of the new on the Donna display, convo, typical keiki, veloute Pookie bustle. Give us a bad cup of ooh. Yeah gang violence is certainly a problem in a lot of urban centers across Canada. A lot of the experts are talking about how we can make investments directly in youth. We need to help our young people, that's where all the community organizations I met with all the experts that I met with have said. We need to invest directly in youth, so we're making a commitment to help out those families that have lost loved ones, those families that are worried about the future. They want to see some change, they want to see. Young people have a brighter future and we want to invest directly into youth programs, a hundred million dollars to help out with things like after-school programs with youth, drop-in centers just to help and provide supports for young people, so they have a brighter future. We don't young gone problem that Ivy Alone's, the only Tony Sullivan see Kalki Kalki, tell Montessori, you see MacLeish around wah, a Chili's expert on D is on D keyonna best. When the fellows investors know, Donna Janice asked a laginas Sivan Monty Sparkle Avenue, don't over saturate a leaf I mean on Papa l'avenir, no papa, but at color home phone, but don movie company dongsu controversy. They invested direct monde only program play Janice the first step. What we're proposing today is to invest directly in young people, that's what a lot of experts are calling for. They need help with young people and young and youth program. So that's our first focus. We also know that organized crime is fueling a lot of gang violence and one of the ways to tackle organized crime directly is money laundering. Money laundering has been cited by a lot of extras as fueling the gang wars and fueling a lot of violence, and so we want to tackle that directly, something that mr. Trudeau has completely failed to do. Mr. Trudeau doesn't understand the severity of the problem. Hasn't responded, has neglected, Suri Suri feels like they've been ignored and they need someone who's on their side. So we've got a plan to tackle money-laundering, with direct investments in the RCMP for an anti money laundering department, particularly here in BC. That's something that we're gonna invest in, and we also need to make a federal registry to prevent criminals from using anonymous numbered companies to hide their money. These are two steps that would help us. These are two steps that help us tackle the organized crime that is fueling gang violence. These are our two announcements today, we'll have more announcements around what we do to help out families and how about communities that are that are struggling with this problem and that would include other measures. But today we're focused on two steps: fighting organized crime and helping young people would direct you to program investments. We are that on a fee and on a non-secure on a delicacy, direct amount of loot, hunter LeBlanc, seaman, - I'm, a professor on the Metro Division direct mountains, dozen from poufiness a party, the the GFC specific map, Agha Craig, Lee, lab Copeland, LeBlanc Monday on Kiva book financier like him, Kofi Annan, fiancée, Lila, Gang, live in on. Yes, we spoke into the experts on the ground in Surrey. Many of those organizations. Organizations say that young people don't have a lot of hope. Don't have a lot of future. They see that things are really difficult. They don't know the best ways to move ahead a lot of times. Families are working really hard mom and dad are away working, hard, saving up money. They are doing alright, financially, but they're, not getting a lot of supports and a lot of guidance and mentorship. So all the experts have said one of the things the most important and powerful way to help out young people who end up going down the wrong path is investing in programs after school, so they have someone to meet with and mentor to guide them to help them out after school and drop-in program, so that people have positive associations and positive directions that are there they're giving advice in mentorship. That way, that's what the experts have said and I want to respond to that. It's just not been done, though. The reality is that we know it's needed. We know people are desperate for this investment, but no one's really stepped up and done it. Liberals have it, and these youth organizations have come to me saying: we've got programs, we've got mentorship programs, we've got everything in place, but we don't have the funding. We don't have the core funding and we need more help. We don't wanna DJ path, leav. Actually, joking is a live organism. News organization, key decay on a lis program on Pearl Eddy differ me on perdida laginas me on a ballad final small on a para una: Polly's emphasis, not continuing the first con circuit for third, don't converse upon us at this one dimensional I work in a versus mode. Well, we think it's the way of the future and something that we've got to make sure we're ahead of the curve on so we'll make some announcements about how we'll support technology and innovation and and we've got a climate bank which is a way to create an opportunity for entrepreneurs in the in the green sector, in the clean sector to make investments in their companies and grow them. But right now, I want to make it clear. We've got mr. Trudeau out there telling people they've got to be afraid of where they vote and making people vote out of fear. I want to say to them. Mr. Trudeau has let you down. He has failed people and I know people have been telling me that he's let them down and I want peel. Folks to know they don't have to choose between bad and worse. There is another option they can choose someone's going to fight for them and be in it for them, we'll have more to say on that in the upcoming months or the upcoming weeks. Thanks. Thank you see. That's my man. You.