Let's take a look at your 2019 fall forecast, I'm, meteorologist, Anthony Farr, now with a look at the weather for the next few months from coast to coast to coast across Canada speaking of the coast and just off it. This is one of the things we look at when we make these seasonal forecast sea surface temperatures, where they're well above normal, well that in the fall tends to favor these big ridges forming a Bermuda high as they call it, and it's been stronger than normal for the start of fall over the last several years and that has led to this summer weather continuing in September and even October from the Great Lakes towards Eastern Canada, something we're looking for this year. Meanwhile, on the west coast, a large area of above normal temperatures that could keep it mild right on the coast, but once you get inland the jet stream comes in here and we do get a trough, some cool and settled conditions for parts of BC and into Alberta as well. So that's something we're looking at and again in the fall. The pattern is different than that same setup. In the winter, so keep that in mind below normal temperatures, places like Calgary even up towards Edmonton Vancouver closer to seasonal. Meanwhile, we're predicting a very mild start through October, really for Eastern Canada, so above normal temperatures overall, but watch out, because things could change in a hurry as we get late in November and December, and we may erase some of these above normal conditions that we're expecting for the next few weeks when it comes to rainfall, the battleground right in between it's already been quite wet for parts of Manitoba and Northwest Ontario. That is expected to continue. This has been basically since last winter, above normal every single season, and that's going to continue for the fall, so look for quite a bit of rain and that could eventually turn to quite a bit of snow later in November and December. Meanwhile near normal for much of the east, we are watching the tropics places like Halifax already hit by hurricane Dorian last month. Well, that is going to continue to be a threat as the active tropics remain and we have several systems that we're watching out there. So far, though, no threat for the east coast of US or Canada, meanwhile out west, because of that warm water around Vancouver Island. We could see above normal rainfall here through the fall so a mild start, especially in the East. It will turn colder than normal across Western Canada and wet conditions continue for Manitoba and also Northwest Ontario. By the way, keep this in mind winter weather, it's likely to be widespread in December and that could set the stage for what is a cold and perhaps snowy winter. That forecast coming out in November I'm meteorologist Anthony far now.