You see you guys the people start standing here. Do you guys do not this guy, no I get enough beer. You guys still good there Oh. My markets are on the news Oh chilly evening in the jail for sure. I just want to thank you so much for coming in during a cold evening, like this welcome here tonight and I apologize for the Taj that you want to make sure the thing. So again, it's a great pleasure to have you there. Anyhow, it's uh. We had a very interesting day here. We did. We didn't s the Prime Minister later on this afternoon, but here we among the work and very interesting. We have four weeks and the number of days to go with till October the 21st and that's a big decision to make. We simply the decision we had was. Do we want to go back to the wave walk or do we want the way it was for the last four years or do you want to go back for her for years? That's simply where we are and that's the decision that we have to make sure we've had over the years anyhow, no matter, but there has been a lot of changes made instead of constantly have progress. Instead of cuts we have uh, we have increase in the only ASAP is with a few more dollars for our seniors to be able to spend all this is so important. It gives people the opportunity to be self-reliant to be able to fend for themselves Vitas, not although stay on the lane and Sean we're Curtis together or not a one to make sure it's working together. This work point what we have in this writing. We have music right to raise it. We move on hello, pei, hello, good road. Thank you for that kind introduction. What a warm welcome! It is such a wonderful pleasure to be back here on francis Macaulay's farm two weeks there dei and the cross Ito's hurricane door, but when the going gets tough people in this province can always count on each other. Let's hear it for the cleanup crews, the first responders soldiers, volunteers and everyone there for you, as you rebuild and recover I know, Lawrence McCauley will be a part of that. After all, as de-ice longest-serving MP ever I think it's safe to say, the people here know they can depend on him. I Wix work to Florence for years now. His dedication to the people who call a cardigan home and to the future of this province is incredible. And of course, we have no shortage of outstanding leaders here on the island. You've got Sean Casey give it up once again we create in 2015. You believe that we could make real change happen. You wanted a team that would work for you, not just for the wealthiest few. You wanted the team that cared about the next generation, not just the next election, a team that prioritized people not power together, guided by our shared values. We built that t your ideas, your positivity and your energy, your hope and your hard work. We have built the most open political movement in Canada over bhatia, also change the politic conservatives in a functioning economy. Canadian. It's the owner, qusomes real economy, eclair showed up one Hassan's distillate. We ended to sonicujaku second lost GDP le cuckoo Attila, a false, a true well in 2015 Canadians chose a new team that was willing to invest in people and in their communities. We knew that we know now that, even though we live in the best country in the world, better is always positive ahead of us, and there is behind us. We've spent the last four years. Moving forward. We've got the record to show for poverty is way down, job creation way up, and it's because our team rejected conservative cuts and austerity and chose instead to invest in the middle class and people working hard to join people like Shona from West Prince, whom I spoke with earlier today, she's raising five kids by herself. She has a lot on her plate, but thanks to the Canada child benefit, Shona now has the extra help her family needs her words. It was a lifesaver for me because the tax-free money she gets every month will it help her buy a house. We didn't stop. There. We've invested in our veterans, who've served this country so bravely reopening the PEI veterans service office, along with eight others across the country. I, don't have to tell you too many. Young people are leaving the island to look for work. It's up to us to make sure they can stay in the communities they love with jobs. They can count on. In fact, I was just in Charlottetown earlier this year to announce new funding to create over a hundred and 50 jobs. Here in PEI that protect 300 together for Canadians, we also cut taxes for the middle class by raising them on the wealthiest one percent. We've been there for our seniors from making the Canada Pension Plan even stronger to creating a new Minister of seniors and after Stephen Harper and notes from Switzerland that he was raising the age of retirement. We were there for you. We restored the age of eligibility for Old, Age Security and the guaranteed income supplement from 67 doc to 65 my friends we're going to continue making progress on this front. We've taken unprecedented steps to keep our water safe with a plan to phase out harmful, single-use plastics. Something Pei is already leaning on at the first product, the ban plastic bags to create new jobs right here on the island. These investments are making a real difference in people's lives all across the country, and this fall Canadians once again get to vote for the kind of Canada they want to live in we've all got a choice to keep moving forward is build on the progress we've made or go back to the politics of the heartbreakers. She conservative politicians like to say they're for the people, but then they cut taxes for the wealthy and cut services for everybody else other than deciding they might need to smile a bit more. Conservatives have no new ideas for Canadians. They still think as Canadians know. Well, that's the wrong approach to take. Let's not forget what Stephen Harper had to say about AG land to Canada, but was it a culture of defeat? Let me tell you about Pei in Atlantic Canada, it's a culture of honest, hard work and Islanders. That's why we chose to move town enough forward by investing in families, workers and communities by having faith in Canadians they can ID, okay, whose turn the yoader to go down when the niggas see the new bizarre coughs. Well, obviously, you see the very small so place it on a nice we're gonna seal it up something about that. They found some when I complete, my chefs I mean open throat. A politic insists accepted, but I do believe that Minicozzi church, but I do many pushers. They reveal but I. Even a bizarre. Follow me around for that foreign participants who maybe think that were her blood, don't pull that knee. We've done a walk together these past four years, but the truth is we're just getting started. You have an important choice today. Will we go back to the failed policies of the past, or will we continue to move for? That's the choice, it's that clear important! That's why I can't wait to continue talking with Canadians over the next few weeks about our plan that keeps moving Canada forward I'm asking you to stand with our liberal team I'm asking you for your help because of you. We won the 2015. We need you now more than ever. So please talk to your neighbors get out and volunteer with Lawrence with Bobbi or Sean, or even we drive people to the polls. Make phone calls donate if you can and most importantly, do knock doors on October 21st help. Canadians choose a government that will fight with you and for you for a stronger middle class and for a better Canada for all Canadians so from coast to coast to coast. Let's stand as one voice and let's choose forward, it'll change. You.