Good morning, thank you for joining us here in the in campaign: central for Joanne Roberts campaign, Green Party candidate here in Halifax, and definitely der the Green Party of Canada, we're joined by the leader of the Green Party of Nova Scotia, who also happens to be our federal candidate in south shore, st. Margaret's, Thomas, Chopin burg and Richard Sorachi, who is an elected member of Halifax City Council and is a very played, a critical role on our shadow cabinet in the development of Mission Possible Richard czarsky here for Halifax Wes ho and Macpherson the indomitable the extraordinary a little bit first and running in Dartmouth Cole Harbour for those of you in the national audience who don't know her she's, a local entrepreneur at climate change activists and a former candidate for mayor and Matt no streets, they're not going and may I see it through my own or to the travaille. For summer moment. No I recognize the platform, a pall along small or not Buju. They COO at this initiative la nouvelle source, their revenues. I'm really really pleased and proud to stand here in front of. You want to acknowledge we're on the unseated traditional territory of the Meghna and to them I say well Allen. Thank you. We also have some other thank yous, which it may be a bit unusual as I start. This conversation, the Green Party of Canada's platform is the result of the work not of some backroom party staffers or focus groups. But as I indicated earlier, lil Joanne Richard are all part of the Shadow Cabinet of the Green Party of Canada, with many others across the country, and we actually work based on the member approved policies. And then we look at it again and say: what do we need to do to meet the expectation of Canadians? This platform has a lot of content that wouldn't have been there. If we hadn't undertaken a tour called community matters to visit every single province, we went to 34 communities and listened and that's ten provinces and the Northwest Territories between February and August, mostly low carbon travel, mostly by train. That's another story, but it informed a lot of this policy. Then we took the ideas we had for new initiatives and met with the Parliamentary Budget Officer and his staff, initially in May and again in June, and we started the process of figuring out and it was it's an enormous benefit to Canadian democracy that our Parliamentary Budget Office had its mandate changed into this I have to thank the Liberals for putting in place changes to the Parliamentary Budget Office, to make it part of their mandate to examine party platforms we'd like to make it obligatory in future elections that all parties submit their promises to the primary budget office. Because then Canadian voters have a third party, nonpartisan expert group to look at parties promises before an election. So this process has been a long one, but I also want to say. The one person who was with me on this journey was the director of policy at the Green Party Angela Rickman, who came with me for the first meetings, kept working on this process between our first meeting with the Parliamentary Budget Office and the end of June. She was diagnosed with ALS and she's on disability leave and I hope, she's listening, because even after that diagnosis and even having having to leave work because of the accelerating symptoms of ALS she's kept at it, she kept working on the budget. She kept, calling the are the senior analyst at PBO who was working with an app say to dr. young. The whole PBO team has been amazing to work with because they face their straight shooters. They do number crunching, that's their job, but I just I just wanted to give a big. Thank you to Angela, because a lot of people would have said could have said. I don't have time for this now hi I'm done with budgets, yeah Angela, you did it yeah. You got us to the finish line and we're really really grateful another person who thanks who helped a lot on the budget process on our staff, Steve Parkinson, but our finance critic in the Green Party of Canada. This is news. Okay, my finance critic in the Green Party of Canada is John Kidder, my husband and he's. He also started working with Angela. At the point of her diagnosis, so that we had more backup and we've we've, our blood, sweat and tears has gone in to making sure that we could number crunch some key promises that we've made to Canadians and deliver them. So a few quick notes just so it's very clear that the Parliamentary Budget Office reviewed 24 of our planks. This is not. We would never want to say that the Parliamentary Budget Office has signed off on our platform. We need to draw some clear lines. We asked for 24 specific items, the big-ticket items to be reviewed. We are releasing every single one of the items that the partnership budget office reviewed. We've asked the Parliament she Budget Office to put everything they did for us for this platform, and for this costing analysis, the piece is done by the Parliamentary Budget Office, our public. So it's not gone different. All essential newly social party pasca act to among news I want dimande of Boucher. Although bill Hodor, butchered bullshit off sta, Parliament earful abuja, the the Holmes absolument public, they laugh a share for new news upon the Monday. There were that cat Elam on the platform Anneliese day, Libya Hall, the obviously the Boucher Parliament air. So we don't glom, may FC Abdullah keep the set be whole the the office, the Parliamentary Budget Office, has done an amazing job in analyzing. So we know that we have the revenue coming in to cover some very large new programs. We are able to put before you a budget that is balanced in five years, but to do that we have a number of really large new revenue pieces. Let me remind you of the spending promises we've already made. We said we'll bring in Universal pharmacare, we said, will abolish tuition will invest in post-secondary, education will provide Universal childcare will meet the expectations of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of the inquiry into missing and murdered indigenous women. We had to revisit our budget to find 2 billion dollars for this year to meet the new for new ruling of the Human Rights Tribunal that the Government of Canada owes indigenous children 2 billion dollars. We had to go back and say: okay, we've got to find two billion dollars in there. Those things we have done and how do we do it? Well, the big ticket items pharmacare turns out to be a cost. If you look through the budget on clay, what page to look at because we have by category all of our spending, is laid out on health care and the parliamentary and the pharma care piece in this very next fiscal year, 2020 to 2021 is almost 27 billion dollars, it's the net and in 21 to 22 28 billion dollars and in 22 to 23 29 billion dollars, but it's essential. We have to do it, so we accept the Parliamentary Budget Office's analysis. They have a caveat which you'll see when you look at the document that they didn't take into account savings that accrue through a bulk buying of drugs. They didn't take into account the provincial contributions to Pharma care. So when you see those items, we have included the reduced cost of buying the drugs, and we used those statistics and the analysis from the Eric Hoskins report done for the federal right. But it doesn't change it much. It doesn't change the bottom line on pharmacare much till we get to year three, and then we should begin to be able to negotiate with the provinces because they will be saving a lot of money. So the provincial contribution to pharmacare doesn't kick in until year, three of pharmacare, now I'm, probably diving into too many of the details, but I think it's worth explaining. That is the single biggest big-ticket item in what we it. What we promised to do and here's the revenue pieces that let us do it- we're applying a very small tax on financial transactions that will give us 18 billion dollars by 2025 we're raising the corporate tax rate to be the equivalent of what it is in the United States. That will give us almost sixteen billion dollars. We're closing the capital gains lip hole that will give us almost 15 billion we're applying attached to commercial banks on their profits. That will be a bit more than four billion going after tax havens. We've been aware of since the Panama papers of specific Canadians, who've, hidden money, offshore. That gives us about five billion a year we're applying a wealth tax, one percent on tax above wealth above twenty million dollars. That will give a 7.3 billion by 2025 and we're cancelling a range of fossil fuel subsidies. That, of course, is about three billion dollars and another area which I think bears a note. It's not a huge amount of money, but it's time to bring the Amazons and the Netflix's and the googles and the Facebook's into the tax regime. They mine our data and make a lot of money out of Canada. It's only 1 billion dollars by 2025, but it begins to level the playing field and we close the loophole that lets people advertise on Google and Facebook and pay less in tax than if they advertised in the Chronicle Herald or put an ad on a local radio station. These are the things that bring in enough revenue that we are able to meet these promises without increasing taxes for Canadians. There are no income tax increases, regardless of your wealth. There are changes to the way we, for instance, remove the corporate exemptions for entertainment. Things like owning up renting a box that SkyDome and writing it off. That comes to a significant amount of money in a federal budget, Magnolia Villa, mafia, the de'lon de'longhi Sena caboose, a a vector platform, Davidian glam, FC, r2 LaMacchia pave fr4 set budget I, don't have a splitter responsibility, a lot tougher house, AJ transpose news, LZ Tom Lake! An idea are examining no proposition the reset, a dirty pants new, some fear, the present a in Salida initiative, ambitious vision, I'll eliminate a chapter, 12, fiscal, a net fan or subversion or ultra please, the energy for sale, dick Alchemist either do all your doctor turns mountain Anwar annually, the earlier Duke trans mountain and when we cancel the transplant and pipeline you'll notice that when we say fossil fuel subsidies are stopped at three billion, the Trans Mountain pipeline for 4.5 billion dollars, the the old one. We can never get that 4.5 billion dollars back they're still laughing about it in Texas, but they've got our 4.5 billion and we own that pipeline and that's not going to change but spending a further 10 to 13 billion dollars. We will not do now. You don't see on our line item here that we've recouped 10 to 13 billion because and Canadians about people have asked me: how did we buy a pipeline for 4.5 billion dollars? Where was that in the budget? Of course, it was never in a budget. It's what's called a non budgetary transaction and on that same basis we can cancel spending another 10 to 13 billion and that non budgetary transaction saving will go to the infrastructure. We need for a Canadian grid strategy, so I know I'm diving into too many details. I think we'll stop at this point and all of the candidates here are open for questions as well. I didn't mention the Shadow Cabinet titles, Joanne Roberts is co-chair of Shadow Cabinet and because of her huge and impressive journalistic career career, she is our critic on arts, culture and media richard czarsky, given that he has a PhD in meteorology, okay, so climate little McPherson local food and food security. Her restaurant wouldn't monkey here in town. If you're, a journalist from out of town may I recommend wooden monkey, and did you add it's definitely farm to fork? She knows her suppliers really well and they bring in what they have just grown and then I have happy customers get to eat local, healthy food while supporting a local economy. So little is as green as they come. Okay I said my Margit and Thomas. Okay he's a fantastic human being Steven Lewis was I love, Steven Lewis I once watched him at the UN and introduced someone for whom he had no biographical notes, not a single note, and he said I'm afraid I have no information on dr. Saunders run, but I am reliably informed that as he walks through his hometown, people rushed forward to clutch at his Raymond. Okay, that's that's Thomas, trappin burg, all over the place. Okay! So because you'll see to the edge of a subdued beneath whiticus jaw, no great loss will say good morning we were balanced. So three of the four major parties budgets, one didn't from that one wife and one might think the Canadians good waters. They don't mind a little deficit spending, give me a phone. Why is it important for greens to I? Thank you for the question, because we've never been slavish ly addicted to balanced budgets. We completely agree that if you need to spend to stimulate the economy, that's an appropriate thing to do. Canada's current debt to GDP ratio is quite stable. If you look at the long-term fiscal sustainability of the federal government, we're in good shape, we really are at you can't say the same thing, unfortunately, for provinces or some municipalities, but overall Canada's fiscal health at the federal government level is very solid and interest rates now are so low that it makes sense, as our budget does to spend money. Now we are investing in a lot of infrastructure, we're taking one point of GDP or other GST one point of the GST which will go entirely to municipalities for infrastructure. We need to do that. The Liberal promises on infrastructure, as you may recall, were pretty back-end loaded. We haven't seen a lot of the infrastructure spending, yet what Canada's economy really needs right now is a lot more investment we've been where our GDP growth is roughly 1.5 percent per year and it's mostly in the services sector. So we really could, if investments been pretty flat, so we are not ideological about balanced budgets, but we do know that it matters to Canadians and greens believe in living within our means economically and ecologically. So we come to balance in five years but, as I said in the MacLaine's debate as to Paul wells his question, if there was a change, if we saw a reason that we needed to increase deficits because of a change in circumstance, we'd respond to that. But we believe Canadians need to see fiscal responsibility, it's something that the Greens have always cared about and we balanced the budget in the same period of time in which Mr Shearer plans to balance the budget. But we do it by expanding revenue because we're significantly expanding social programs, so usually words balanced-budget, tend to align with parties that are prepared to cut deeply into services to Canadians for austerity. We are not like that. We think we need more spending. We clearly need spending. We put 400 million in this budget just for the just transition strategy for workers in the coal sector, who are seeing phase-out coming soon we're the only party that has done that we're serious about protecting workers in the transition to a non carbon economy. So our commitment to budgets are balanced is not ideological, it's just prudent. Well, we have funds in the budget for venture capital. We have funds to assist green tech firms get up and running now, I hear you there's arguments on both sides of going down the roads we're going, but we know that Canadians need. We don't want to add taxes to individual Canadians. That's clear that we do call for a complete overhaul of our tax code. I should have mentioned that by now we have the last tax commission. We had in Canada to examine whether our tax regime was actually fair and progressive. That was in the 1960s. So we are cut misses, interestingly enough, a call of the Canadian Chamber of Commerce. They wanted to. Let's look at our tax regime and see if it's fair, we have so many different governments, since the 1960's that have layered when I say larded on to our tax code. So many complex, boutique tax cuts, accelerated capital, cost allowances, all manner of complications that we want to route and you have a root and branch review and reform of our tax code, but clearly lower and lower and middle-income Canadians and even fairly wealthy Canadians can feel that they're overtaxed the super wealthy are definitely the 1% of Canadians are seeing increased levels of income and wealth, creating a growing gap between the 1% and the rest of us, and we don't want to go down that road. We want much more equity. So that's where we're looking at the closing the capital gains loophole. Closing this dock option loophole and working to support small business. We don't change the tax on small business, not a bit. We raise the tax on larger transnational corporations and, to the extent that and I I love working with entrepreneurs and I love, seeing them spin off their businesses and help other entrepreneurs get going honestly in looking at our budget. I. Don't think we've done anything to chill that kind of entrepreneurial zeal. We want to work to ensure that Canadian businesses also have the kind of robust support from the Government of Canada and patent protection as they go into a fairly predatory world of global capital. Well, but as as Prime Minister should that happen, I definitely want to sit down with entrepreneurs and, if they're, experiencing a problem because of the way we've structured. This and I've met with a number of entrepreneurs in in establishing this budget, we have a number of informal business advisors. I think we've got the balance right, yeah those are over. Now we have to. We have to our our plan mission possible calls for decarbonizing our electricity grid and expanding it rapidly, so that every part of Canada wiII be able to sell from one province to the other that the grid itself would be 100% renewable energy. This is a key step in the deep decarbonization of our economy, so burning coal is one of the first things to go there and mining coal as well. Now the the task force on coal sector workers has already gone out met with the communities met with the workers and Nova Scotia should be able to rely on 100% renewable energy from, for instance, hydro-quebec right now. There's a pinch point. Hydro-Quebec power gets as far as Monson and it's not actually a physical pinch point. As far as I can understand. It's just been historically that we haven't accessed hydro-quebec, there's a lot of renewable energy available to each part of Canada from another part of Canada. Once we get the grid system working properly, so we don't want and we don't want to leave any part of Canada behind. We don't want any worker to feel insecure. One of my favorite moments of aha Eureka was, as a former resident from most of my my formative years and through my 20s living in Margaery Harbor. We used to take the trailer down to Inverness and we used to buy a ton of coal and literally dump it back in the trailer. Take it home and burn it in the warm morning furnace and that strip mined coal, the Evans coal mine. All that activity that was going on in Inverness has now turned into the Cabot links golf course not literally all of it, but the part along the shoreline. So we have the same number of people employed now in the Cabot links, Golf Course, which, as I think a lot of people from Inverness County realize, has raised the economic activity of the region quite substantially, no AirPort. Thank you very much, but it's there there's a transition to be had and there's jobs in a decarbonized economy, and we we we should never ever have allowed the donk in mind to open klein coal never have been allowed to reopen the Duncan mine, that's an atrocity and the workers there non-unionized in a company from the states with a terrible safety record. We should never have allowed the Duncan mine to reopen, but the federal government gave it a pass said. They didn't need to look at the climate impacts of opening the Duncan mine. In any case, Nova Scotia has specific challenges in a number of areas of the economy. We are here to say that the economic opportunities for Nova Scotia are greater in a carbon-constrained world, where we focus on industries that benefit this economy. More renewable energy by far energy efficient homes that you don't waste money, the heating, the outdoors in the winter and cooling, the outdoors in the summer, tourism, our Fisheries, Arts and Culture, making films there is no. There are a lot of really vibrant economic opportunities in Nova Scotia that the government's have just ignored the places where we can employ the most people and raise the quality of life and the standard of living. And, of course, greens, are very firm on child care and farmer care and a senior strategy and a dementia strategy and reducing the cost of housing which isn't as critical problem in Nova Scotia, although in some areas it can be here. It is here not a problem in Margaery, but affordability is a key issue right across Canada. Once you eliminate the cost of filling your car up at the cat station, once you eliminate the cost to find fuel oil for a house that leaks it to the outdoors, your life is more affordable. Add in that we will work with every province. Our goal is guaranteed livable income so that we eliminate poverty right across Canada. Every part of Canada will benefit from our platform. Well, when you regulate under the Canadian of Rama Protection Act, which we the power to regulate, is there that becomes obviously one one province at a time. We'd have a conversation, a respectful conversation and negotiation, but the federal toolkit includes the ability to say you can't produce this much co2 from this particular facility and then that's that transition, because that line is physically full that tie line between New Brunswick and Nova Scotia. You can't that's why we haven't been getting power from Quebec as it's booked. So let me be clear that our policies and I'm very happy to at some point, I know that Richard and Joanne Lillard comments are all chomping a bit to answer some of these questions. So I will our plan here is not optional. Our plan is based on global science. Our plan, if you heard got a ton Berg yesterday at the United Nations, is one that we think Greta might find acceptable. Maybe not. We are not talking about politics here and we're not talking about illusory promises, we're taking the steps that are necessary, because we can't continue to burn coal here or around the world. It needs to be shut down as quickly as humanly possible. We need to stop the being depart so I'm gonna, explain. Mission Possible, which we launched in May, says that by 2030, 100% of canada's electricity will come from renewable sources. Our grid will be 100% decarbonized by 2030, that's about as fast as we think we can do it. But let me point to some of the things that make sense. Our commitment to a Canadian grid strategy means that the grid isn't physically loaded and full. It means we think there you know, that's one place. Anja, Shira and I can be found in agreement. This country needs energy infrastructure. He thinks we need pipelines. I think we need an electricity grid that works from coast to coast to coast and not just me personally, that's Green Party policy. If we look at where do we create more energy in Nova Scotia? This is a of our platform. We democratize in gee consider the town of Chester. It's been how many years now more than a decade that that Chester has a windmill that produces enough power that that's last time, I talked to the Manchester. Several million dollars towards the town budget comes from the wind power that they have. Every community should be able to generate its own renewable energy direct, creating a revenue line to local communities, because it's not right at the municipal order of government in this country has only one source of revenue and that's property taxes by the way negotiating with every province on a new healthcare accord, essential on climate essential would be done through our reimagined federalism, a version through a Canadian council council Canadian governments that brings indigenous governments and leadership municipal order of government, provincial territorial and federal to the same table to work things out so again back to when you could a hundred percent renewable electricity, a grid that is decarbonized, is doable by 2030 and it's essential. Otherwise, the carbon budget is the real budget. I mean I'm, holding up a budget militia from poppy a certain bullshit, lame-o, mellow Abuja came out no primordial Sela budget to carb on planet air. We have a carbon budget, that's what that's at on work was speaking to it. The United Nations, given the amount of carbon were allowed to burn. We run out of everything in eight and a half years at current rates of burning. This isn't optional. This is what we have to do if we want to ensure that the stability of the global atmosphere and climatic systems allows children alive today to get to their natural lifespan in a world where human civilization functions, it's not about the environment, it's a it's a security threat, it's not a joke, we're right up against it and that's why Nova Scotia and every other part of Canada Alberta and every part of the world China and and China's invested more in renewable energy than any other country on earth. So we're not in this alone as a nation, but we're gonna have to get our own house in order. So we can step up in the world and say everybody has to double their targets or triple their targets, because right now, Canada's target is the same one left in place by Stephen Harper. It was unchanged yesterday, despite Justin Trudeau's announcement, which is the right goal: zero net zero by 2050. Well, the news to Justin Trudeau and any Liberal candidate, which is everybody in Atlantic Canada running for reelection. You can't get to net zero in 2050 with your current plans. Until 2030, our target, 60 percent below 2005 levels by 2030 is exactly double what Stephen Harper put in place in May 2015, which the Liberals initially said was too low, was weak, was unacceptable. I, remember, Catherine McKenna, saying in Paris. The Harper target is the floor. We're going to do better somewhere in 12 months between when the words left her mouth in Paris and a year later the floor became a ceiling and they haven't reached it yet right. So we're not here to play politics about climate. We are here to say: science demands these actions, you can't negotiate with physics and if schoolchildren can see this as clearly as they do and March and climate strikes on the streets because we're stealing their future, that's not rhetoric. That's what we're doing we're stealing our own children's future, and we know it. We can pretend we don't, but we can right now, step up, face facts and say those days are over. We have a plan. We want everyone to join in together, because this is the moment for societies to rally around there's, not as good a word in English as there is in French for this, but no limo Alphonse a lead, a Astra Hasina when we say Astra has some silly ladida project dissociate a it's. A positive saw statistic tool, amount on thumb, tool, Amman still upon all-hands-on-deck. We do this together or we fail. We do it. Liberals, conservatives block green New Democrats, we do it together or we fail our children. That's why our targets are derived from science and I'm, sorry that the Nova Scotia government's targets aren't, but they they will be I'm sure willing to join the rest of the world and the rest of Canada. When a lot of green MPs are elected, they'll see the handwriting on the wall. Oh, yes, no. We budgeted the revenues to cover it as opposed to asking them to cost it. Well, first of all, Via Rail status quo, Via Rail doesn't work. Via Rail should work. It doesn't have even us one of the things that our platform is to create a legislative framework for what we are rails supposed to do. Amtrak in the United States has a legislative framework. It gives it a mandate to provide affordable transportation for Americans Via Rail has no legislative mandate. It's run as a crown corporation with a board that I think has charted a course for Via Rail to be an antique system designed for tourists. So we need to modernize via rail. We need to invest in Via Rail. We need Canadian steel for tracks for via rail, not a whole new set of tracks, but as you'll see in our platform, ten kilometers of new tracks here and there can help via rail run on time. We need to electrify the engines, even kameen I. Look at my carbon footprint all the time I'm getting on the train today to get to Montreal tomorrow. I, take the train a lot and I'm very well aware that it's an improvement on driving or taking a plain. But if you compare the carbon footprint of via rail to any train in Europe, we don't compare very well. We need to modernize, enhance, have daily service and then Via Rail that comes the backbone of a national transit strategy with spurs or spokes to the hub. However, you want to visualize it with light rail buses. Canadians in rural and remote communities are so under serviced compared to citizens of even developing countries, much less modern industrialized countries. We need to invest in high-speed rail, so I will ask Richard because I don't know what the hell effect. City Council said on this matter and I'd like to know, and that's one thing about Green Party folks is we admit when something is new information and I'd sure like to know about what Halifax City Council said about via rail, and if my intuition is correct, it was just the way it works. Now that was a problem. I'm guessing I went from as I said, 34 communities I met with mayors, I met with mayors right across the country, sat down with mayors to hear what was on their minds surprising. How much I heard about the opioid crisis? How much I heard from mayor's in New Brunswick that the workers who came back from the oil sands came back with addiction problems but came back living on streets? How they brought problems that they never saw? I mean I'm, a maritime ER I didn't know. That would be what I hear from mayors I heard from mayors about the lack of support for infrastructure, I heard from the mayor of Mission BC. Oh, this is a killer. They've got a almost 40-year old sewer line running under the Fraser River and it's cracking the federal government said: they'd help them with the infrastructure to build a new sewer line. They said they'd give them seven million dollars. The mayor came back and said: we've had to cost these additional things like it costs $250,000 a day for a monitoring vessel in the Fraser River. Well, we're doing the repair work. We need more money. The federal government said and in the Maritimes I need to underscore what the Fraser River means to us in British Columbia, it's our salmon, so there's a sewer line. That's about that is cracking under the Fraser River and it needs repair the federal government. When the mayor came back to them and said, and I just was talking to him. There came back and said: we need more money to build the project. They said sorry, no more money and since you can't do it give us back the seven million we already gave you in the same month in which they announced two hundred and twenty million dollars to LNG Canada, which is a consortium of foreign companies to build a project it blows through our carbon budget. So I've listened to mayor's a lot because I learn a lot from municipal order of government. I also frequently meet with the Federation of Canadian Municipalities, and we made sure that our budget meets their expectations and what they're asking of all parties for committed dollars for infrastructure? Yes, yeah. We had a microphone well I. One of the things that we really want here in Halifax is to have via do seven days a week as a train from here to Montreal. So the Chamber of Commerce was having a big event here in town and Mayor Savage was there so I went to ask him if he supports that and he's not quite ready to do that, but because he doesn't think we have the population. So we looked at what would happen because there's quite a lobby here to make that happen. If we put that in as a hub where we brought people into the city, so they could make that travel and he said well, you know if someone was willing to support it yeah. So we have put that money in this budget to support that so that that can start to happen, and then you build that passenger. You know you start traveling by passenger train. So yes, we've spoken to Mayor Savage about it. You think he's supportive as long as he doesn't have to pay for it. Yeah do you want to comment? Yeah I did want to comment on the fact that Halifax council quashed the deal with CN Rail. We did not. It was an in-camera session and we've been negotiating with CN I. Think in good faith, trying to create commuter rail, which of course, counselor out hits original premise: we've been working on it for the better part of a decade and the response that we got back was so onerous. The the the shareholder direction that Siena takes is purely about. Shipping has nothing to do with passenger rail, so they decided that we were not a priority at all and that, in order to do any sort of a study, they would create the conditions that were so onerous that we couldn't. We couldn't possibly agree to them and if we did agree to them, we'd bankrupt the city basically, and so there is no political will on a federal level or a provincial level to make sure that CN comes to the table with a municipality like HRM, where we try to make decisions for the best interests of our residents and what you get back is Oh Hal effect, City Council has quashed the deal. That is not the case, and the other thing I want. I've also met with CN Rail I mean there are a lot of issues for transportation in this country. We've got such it. Ah, there's what you get when you cross the country and listen to Canadians is a sense that right across the country, while we are doing well economically and we have low unemployment rates. This is good and we are a healthy, robust and industrial society with good social safety nets. We think, but when you cross the country and listen to people, you realize that the wheels are falling off the bus right now you can hear a couple of folks are beginning to drop. We have to invest in Canada fast. We have to invest in our health care system fast. We have to invest in post-secondary education, we have to invest in our infrastructure and because the stories you hear make it very clear that different levels of government are so busy kind of papering over the problems that they're not willing to address them. We're willing to address them and I mean I, look at something as simple as getting prairie grain to the Port of Vancouver. This is the kind of conversation I have a and rail, which is what put it in my mind. Well, Harper killed the wheat board, who would have thought that that would lead to large freighters using free Anchorage's in my writing and making my constituents so unhappy. Who would have thought it would mean that Prairie farmers can't get their grain to market because the Wheat Board used to consolidate the sales and have more predictable shipments? What happens with a container ship that has whatnot container ship rather a freighter that has four holds, so they pull up at the Port of Vancouver and they can get some grain. So they fill up some grain and then the ship goes back and sits at free, Anchorage. The whole chain from Prairie farmer, through the train tracks being clogged to putting passenger rail on the siding costs. Prairie farmers money costs their shippers, money costs the Port of Vancouver money and costs. My constituents a good night's sleep, and what does it start with we're? A modern industrialized society with nobody paying attention anymore to getting things to work, smarter and better? And we think that, against you know, against whatever public expectations, there may be about grains, we're serious about getting transportation to work better. For the farmer for the shipper for the passenger for the environment, these things come together around doing things smarter, she's wondering why there is a discrepancy and I'm glad and thank Janet I should have mentioned the fact that we knew there might be some glitchyness in not having had our full costing from PPO. When we brought the platform out and our change in the trends. It is a change. We realized that 0.5% was still trivial to those doing financial transactions, but in order to meet the higher number, we did not expect pharmacare to be a twenty seven billion dollar amount. We have adjusted and readjusted that's the one place and absolutely correct. We went to zero point five from zero point two and it's absolutely correct that the platform language and how we budgeted, but we're obviously where the two come together is the budget rules, because we need to make sure that our revenue is sufficient to cover our our commitments and we were not prepared to reduce one iota our commitment to Universal pharmacare. No, no, we just know we got. We got our planks costed by by the PBO, and the platform was put to bed in terms of an arm. This is backroom stuff. There's an there's. There are not I see if there's any other examples. Our sugary drinks tax you'll find in the budget was at the last minute. As someone was editing the platform, they thought that sounds like a low level of detail. We don't need to include in the platform it was always intended to be in the platform. A tax on sugary drinks is for the purpose of discouraging empty calories that lead to an increase in diabetes. The Heart and Stroke Foundation, the Diabetes Association I, was confident. It was in the in the platform, went back and looked and where did the tax on sugary drinks go? No it's in the budget, but it's not in the platform. So there are some areas of discrepancy and unfortunately, I made the call I take responsibility for this that we could not delay our platform till today and we're not prepared to be in in you know: September 25th are we today. Yeah I did not want a September 25th with an election that started. September 11th be releasing our full platform. There are very few minor discrepancies between what's in the budget and what's in the text to the platform, they are yes that was always in our intention for this book for this budget and this platform, and we knew the people when I first met with PBO back in May that I mentioned, they told me they were. They were already planning to cost the wealth tax. So we didn't put that in as one of our asks, but we we've adopted it's it's in the tits in the aspirations of the platform. It's not as crystal clear as it could have been. It was always our intention, so it's not a change. It's just clear in the budget. Now has a time I can't I would yeah. This is the first year in which the PPO has had this within their mandate. I can't say enough about how grateful I am to them. We were assigned a senior analyst from the beginning. We submitted more planks than other parties, it's true it we didn't get. Our final final, on a few of these items, till a point when, at the point that we launched our platforms, we still didn't have absolutely all elements, and that meant that we were taking a bit of a risk, but we were confident that on the revenue items we'd already seen that we could hit balance and meet all of our promises. There were some honestly surprises that meant we had to rethink our budget, make sure we could cover everything. Make sure that we did our due diligence. I can't say enough about how grateful I am to the Parliamentary Budget Office, for the diligence for the accessibility and- and you know, when you're at again are in our particular circumstance, where a key point person working with their senior allit analysts, received a terminal diagnosis in the middle of the process. We also had an extremely close relationship and a lot of personal support coming from PBO for what we were dealing with internally, it was, it was harder than it might have been, and but I can't say enough about how grateful I am to their for their hard work. Oh yeah, well, the Human Rights Tribunal I mean there were things that change as you go forward. We had to account for another two billion dollars. We weren't expecting to make sure that I could say to Cindy Blackstock and me. Net Green Party of Canada is fully committed to the decision of the Human Rights Tribunal. We would not go to court to appeal it. We want to ensure that every indigenous child who's owed a good start in this country knows the Green Party of Canada recognizes that 2 billion dollars is just the beginning, but we will meet that court. Ruling I just had the chance to go through some of the stuff, sir. Well, they weren't good at first. They were really good, it's popular, but what it does, what it doesn't do is it doesn't provide the kind of educational benefits that we provide through eliminating tuition and investing ten billion dollars in post-secondary education. So it's a popular program. I I would respectfully disagree that it's virtue, singling, although I, think I, like virtue signaling better than by signaling, if we're going for signal. But what what the doctors have told us as a party we have met with the Heart and Stroke Society. We have met with the College of Family Physicians. We have met with the Diabetes Foundation I'm, a member of the parliamentary caucus on diabetes and TB. We know that sugary drinks constitute empty calories that are now available in schools in vending machines and that, if you're hungry and you grab a sugary drink, that will fill you up instead of going for an apple or a glass of water or some milk right we're looking at what affects that the dietary standards of our children today, we know that for the first time and as a child born in Knight. No, no, that's all an old lady born in 1954. When I was a child, we didn't have access to sugary drinks. The way kids do now the volume of empty calories offered to children today, and that's just one of the factors, a more sedentary lifestyle. There may be many factors yeah there. Oh, we also have dental care for in the platform for anyone as low income, but this is the first generation where we can look at our kids and realize they're gonna be less healthy than we are. That's not a nanny state issue. The corporate state that now operates in Canada. We are as much we are. We are living in an occupied state as dr. Ursula, Franklin used to say we're in an occupied state. Transnational corporations have occupied our democracy. A tax on sugary drinks is a small step, but it does communicate. It does mean that at the level of a price differential it could encourage families to say: okay, bless, sugary drinks, more water, less sugary drinks, glass of milk, less sugary drinks, putting an apple in the bag to go to school. It's important why? You can't huge, also there's a huge environmental footprint. I had a good friend that was the vice president of HR for coca-cola and I visit her all over the world, and we spent a lot of money on resources and water and energy to ship, basically sugared water. All over the world, so that's not just an impact on the health which is huge teeth decay. It is awful for kids. We all know that this is. This is a no-brainer for me, but the environmental footprint to ship, this bottled, water or plastic bottle water. All over is another big game change. There's a lot of ripple effects to one thing right, so yeah. So the tax on sugary drinks is a health measure advocated by experts and we listen to experts. That's that's our bottom line. Nobody has ever come to me to say attacks on sugary drinks from a medical organization from a group of doctors from a group working on a specific disease issue. No one has ever come to me and said: make sugary drinks more wildly more widely available, that'll be awesome. No, that is something coca-cola will tell us and yeah, not so much any other questions. Wait Mircea to Lomond met two tattoos and thank you to the wonderful candidates who are here. I want to mention two other cats. I'm really excited about Cape Breton just want to say that we have no liberal incumbents in Cape Breton. So you know that's that you.