To be back in Hamilton alongside many candidates, particularly our Liberal candidate, for right here in Hamilton center Jasper tkachev, ski Jasper, has always been passionate about social justice from representing refugees. As a lawyer to fighting for the victims of gender-based violence as a prosecutor, Jasper is ready to be a strong voice for his community, but first we've got an election to win on October 21st. We all have an important choice to make. We have to decide what kind of Canada we want to build together and the choice could not be clearer. Liberals won't reward big polluters, gun, pollute, gun makers and the wealthiest 1% with the tax cut, but the Conservatives will they always do and the fine print well they'll pay for it. By cutting the public services, you and your family rely on. You can set your clock by it exhibit a Doug Ford on the campaign, trail conservative politicians, love to say they're for the people, but we know what happens once they're in office. Families here in Ontario have seen just how far they're willing to go to help the wealthiest few, how quickly they will make cuts to public health and to the services people rely on most they don't understand. You can't cut your way to prosperity, Doug for threatened cuts to Ontario's autism program. He canceled an out of country, Oh hibbett program and he cut Ontario's Pharma care program that was focused on the needs of kids and young adults, rewarding the wealthy and big polluters and making life harder for the middle class. That's what conservative politicians do and now and Beshear wants you to double down on conservative politicians, twice the tax breaks for big polluters and the wealthy and twice the cuts for you and your family. There aren't enough teachers offering courses in Ontario this year for grade 12s to put together the credits need to graduate think about that. That's what happens when the government focuses on Bukka beer I'm, not for doubling down on the conservatives I'm for moving forward with you. That's why we decided to invest in people and in their future we're off to a great start, but we also know there's a lot more work to do like many Canadians I'm proud to live in a country where we have universal health care, but I also know that our system is not perfect right. Now, too many people are falling through the cracks parents and children who have to spend the night at the ER because they don't have a family doctor, injured workers who can't afford the medicine they need to get back on their feet. Teenagers struggling with mental illness who don't know there are professionals who can help widows who can't afford home care. The list goes on and in a country like ours, that's unacceptable, every Canadian, no matter where they live, who they are or what they do should receive the care they need to stay healthy. That's why, during our first mandate, we took some meaningful steps to close the gaps in our health care system to help reduce wait times and improve patient care. We negotiated a new health accord with the provinces and territories. We also brought in the most significant changes to drug pricing in nearly 30 years, which will save Canadians approximately thirteen billion dollars over the next decade, and we set up an advisory council to lay the groundwork for national Pharma care. But we know there's lots more work to do. People are tired of looking for doctors, tired of spending hundreds of dollars on prescription drugs, tired of fighting a system that should be helping them. So today we're announcing what a reelected liberal will do to strengthen our healthcare system now Amanda barrel, a Masada negotiation, effective preventive, our poor Italian general National Amateur, the Santa Marta oz, mama La Caleta de servicio de parte de la nueva, CBT de l'hôpital al-rezani risotto prints directly problem. The santa marta ET avec un river, no pain, no mem Adagio. It was a placebo, Vasavada, trattman, transer, PUC ocular note resistance, so Suva considerable Ipoh circus Ontonagon will vow in CPR to vehicle of special is a superb and Pamela Tom Jaudon Couture, souvenir John, Ostrom, Appa, Don Akali Percival reservoir entrapment, prefer light spells ontology in amo. In the last four years, we've made investments to improve access to treatment and address the stigma of mental illness, but it hasn't been enough not for the thousands of people who lose their life to suicide, not for their loved ones, their friends and their communities. Right now there are people in this country who are dying because they don't live close enough to a hospital. Others are struggling because they're on a wait list to receive treatment. There are just too many Canadians who can't find a doctor, so we're going to strengthen the Canada Health Act, so that the full range of mental health services are available to every Canadian in every province and in every territory having access to the right doctors and the right treatments can make all the difference where you live. How much you make or who you know should not have any bearing on living a healthy life. A reelected Liberal government will also work with provinces and territories to ensure that all Canadians have access to a family doctor or prepare a primary health care team on a regular basis to have the same doctor or nurse practitioner. To do your yearly checkup and monitor your health over time and help prevent illness, they make sure you've received all your shots and conduct routine tests. So if something's not right, you can get the right treatment right away and if you have a family physician, you may not need to spend as much time in the ER which in turn reduces wait times to do this. We will start with an investment of six billion dollars over the next four years to support a stronger Medicare system and public health care. Sonoma. You Seneca Valley a vaguely Pevensie departamento de la service, medium o, o Canada under Messersmith reserve, a table or committee consultative kiawe, Poorman de the cannot recover Lama su la Maha, Shiva, Ock, polarity draft and appeal a truly rule liquid emits gamma. My present Ernie know why she knows you and for people who live with a chronic, a chronic illness, a rare disease or a complex condition like multiple sclerosis or cancer. The situation has only gotten worse increasingly, they need to take expensive ultra specialized drugs as part of their treatment. It's a huge financial burden on entire families, especially for those who are too sick to work to lighten their won't load. A reelected liberal government will work with provinces and territorial partners to implement national pharmacare under a reelected liberal government. We will work hard every day to make sure that no Canadian has to choose between staying, healthy and putting food on the table. My friends in the future, the federal government will have to negotiate with the provinces and caracals, as it's always been the case to reach new health, the courts when that time comes. Who do you want at the negotiation table, standing up to Doug, Ford Andrew Shearer, who follows Doug, Ford's lead or our liberal team? That will fight for you, I got into politics, because I believe that all Canadians, no matter who they are, what they do or where they're from deserve a team that listens to them, cares for them and fights for them a team that puts them first. Together we have built that team and we've accomplished a lot these past four years, but the truth is we're just getting started on October 21st Canadians have an important choice to make. Will we go back to the failed policies of the past, or will we continue to move forward? That's the choice, it's that clear and it's that important time for moving forward for everyone. Is this working sorry, mr. David Ingram Reuters, you made clear that Pharma care is only gonna happen after negotiations with the provinces and the territories, given the fractious history of talks between the federal government and provinces and a whole bunch of topics, including healthcare, y'all, remember Paulo, Martin's experiences. What gives you any confidence at all that all 14 levels of government are going to be on the same page? At the same time, to even begin to push this through? We were able to renegotiate health accords with all 10 provinces and 3 territories during our first mandate, with including important investments in home care and in mental health care. But we know there's more to do and part of that is moving forward and making sure that no Canadian ever has to choose between paying for groceries and paying for medication, and we've taken many steps on exactly that during this mandate to bring down the costs of prescription drugs. But we know there's more to do and that's why we're going to have to negotiate with the provinces, as recommended and as recognized in the expert report on the implementation of universal national pharmacare. So the question becomes for Canadians, who do you want negotiating with Doug Ford when it comes to your health, canadian, key choisir, Nike 3d elements, gamma zero, so Connor, pretty messy of concrete Oh, Cody Kapiolani poor Ridge? We hope it emits gamma acrid LEP, maneuver kinesin seek para ver. Si selection, as medical, miss Canada fashion, Nacional Eva, follow, are continually negotiation quickly, prevents allocation. The via key Bulevar nigga see a big Doug Ford, so that's all t, but secondly, how does it serve your interests to smack down mr. Ford as you've just done to work with? You I think it's very clear that conservative politicians have a track record of saying they are for the people and then delivering tax breaks to the wealthiest and cuts to everyone else. That is the choice facing Canadians on whether they want to double down on that conservative approach or whether they want to choose forward. We are always going to stand up for Canadians stand up for hardworking families who need help getting ahead. You deserve health care and that's why, when it comes to negotiating with the provinces, who do you want negotiating with Doug Ford? That's the question. People have to ask themselves today: CBC News, so the PPO has costed national Pharma care program at 19 billion dollars a year. This is just six billion over the next four years and it includes access to a family doctor as well, and the steps towards the pharma care program. These are big lofty promises that are very costly. How can Canadians trust that you can deliver on these things that we've been hearing so much about for so many years? We promised three billion dollars over four years in the 2015 election and then went on to negotiate health care accords with the provinces that have made a significant difference in healthcare outcomes across the country, particularly when it comes to home care and mental health. Who we recognize there's more to do. That's. Why we're putting forward a commitment of six billion dollars over the next four years to engage with the provinces on these priorities that all Canadians recognize needing to be able to find a family doctor right across the country needing to be able to afford medications that are so key to health care in the 21st century. A needing to know that mental health supports and care are there when people need them, and, yes that will involve negotiation with the provinces and the question becomes. Who do you want negotiating with Doug Ford on the future of your health care? We know that there is always much more to do, and that is why we are putting forward concrete investments that will lead Canadians to be able to find a family doctor that will remove that impossible choice between groceries and medications for so many Canadians, and it will provide mental health care for more Canadians right across the country in times of crisis. But we know that it does require work with and negotiation with the provinces and again that question for Canadians is who do you want negotiating the future of your health care with Doug Ford at Glenn, McGregor CTV News, mr. Trudeau I'm interested in your starting point for that negotiation? Philosophically, do you believe that all Canadians should have exactly the same access to medicine they need, or should some Canadians be able to get better access, more comprehensive coverage through employer plans, and essentially do you envision a one tier access system in medicine or two-tier? We believe in universal pharmacare, as laid out in the principles of the Eric Hoskins expert report, but part of that report recognizes that it's not just the federal government that can drop in a national pharma care program across the country that it requires partnerships and negotiations across provinces and territories. That's why the question that we have to come back to in this election on so many different things is: who do you want standing up for you? Who do you want negotiating with Doug Ford when it comes to your health care? I mean this is so good confusion about this? Is this gonna be a system where a government plan is replacing employer health benefits right now there are Canadians who are facing impossible choices between their groceries and their medications, and that means people choose to skip doses or they skip a meal. That is unacceptable in a country as with as many opportunities and as many resources as Canada. That's why we need to move forward in making sure that everyone has access to the medications they need, unlike Andrew Shearer, who does not think that we need to help Canadians afford their medications. We know that there is much more to do and that's why we will be guided by the principles laid out in the expert panel and climb on the expert report on Pharma care in our negotiations with the provinces in our moving towards Universal Pharma care, which is something we have already take taken tangible and concrete steps on. But again the question for Canadians is: who do they want negotiating with Doug for Doug, for it on their future? Just laugh, Anki believe una Garcia, avec Danford su, but stem the something nice Ivanka Andrew shear Nakata weakened as a foster, schwa impossible. Apple is a peaceful pyramids. Gamma servo, honored Hawaii affair Tucson, some poor ever see Solano rapid expire, Silesia, transmits, camel news, a lot Hawaii, a weekly province, exact term ology. Just let's be extra clear here. There's a difference between national and universal pharmacare national with the PBO costed at four national, because it included co-payments from insurance companies. Then there's the universal guys are using this term interchangeably we'd like clarification on. What exactly are you promising Canadians who would be covered and who would be not by a farmer care program under the Liberals? The expert report on pharmacare that we commissioned that looked at different models that looked at different initiatives that looked at services and options across the country made a series of recommendations to move forward to make sure that nobody ever has to face those impossible choices between paying for groceries or heating and paying for the medication that they need or their loved ones need. And that is the report that will guide us forward. But we also know that no federal government can impose national pharmacare on its own. We need to negotiate with the provinces and territories in order to do that, and those discussions will happen. We have already taken significant steps on creating a Canadian drug agency on moving forward with high cost medications for rare diseases and for lowering drug prices by thirteen billion dollars over the next ten years. These are steps the federal government has taken already, and we are going to continue to do that in partnership with the provinces and territories to determine that model that flows from the expert panel, the expert report, but the question when it comes to those negotiations that are going to have to happen is who do you want negotiating with Doug Ford when it comes to the future of your healthcare pharma care? It's understandable that you need to negotiate with the provinces, but can you provide any kind of a of a timeline or any kind of a cost of what this national? The cost of bringing in? We are announcing today, a six billion dollar down payment over the next three years on implementation of national pharmacare, on making sure that more Canadians there all Canadians have access to a family doctor or a healthcare team and get better access to mental health services. That we recognize are an essential part of healthcare right now. We know that the Canada healthcare Canada Health Act, needs to include clear standards and expectations for right across the country around mental health. These are the things we will be moving forward with. These are the investments we're going to be making in partnership with the provinces, and we were able, in our first mandate, to sign landmark agreements with every single province and territory on moving forward on renewing or help the courts on investing specifically in mental health and home care, and this is the next step on that and making sure the Canadians see the right future for their healthcare system and not as the choice that people are facing, whether we continue to move forward or whether we go back to the Harper years by doubling down on conservatives who believe in cuts, we are going to be continuing to invest in a better future for all Canadians and universal pharmacare. According to the principles of the Hoskins report, whoever immensely conservative community wise named Paul sounded amazing, SACEM, Lava, Beds, farinata, liberal conservative sequester Santos and allow the president a party contributor. No la virgen de Ferran solely conservator in Libya ho seeker not reproach Ned polymer non si vous parler de la basura la base de pau by sulla plan, conservator owner infamy Malala, irani, kuraha, Moy, dollar business cookies or an Aussie confirming if a cat's, Amidala panic, new autofocus approaches that we not a brush a mayor. Pour le Fay me affable immune of new tasks or injury revenue on the pattern and Devon - mu, naught C y para Paul and his nemesis Musante a case to attract lair. We do Google normal Canadian voters, while nigger see a vaguely Provence, lavender, still protected, worship, avec de mio noon, de montreuil words fair on the conservator on the mill case, Cana conservator continue. The papazilla cooperate in austerity new on a demo tray on a DC day: Davis Ilana, esker sadani, Le, Bon's, investees, ma Nana class Mayan nani camino de la creación de PUE, sermon, Odawa e una prisa, national canada, poverty, servicio de vesti na Suqian on verse. One iPod on in you not see a deal equations economy, Co Canada, so to a ad sukhiya novella prospers way. The conservator proposed la America Stephen Harper avec de bez de PO kee, ed Lemieux, Nancy, evapo, Alicia, Sheila Jang shil example. You are even protege the manufacturer Adama even continued a dead earlier personal pleasure, Davis, ear, Nala class man is sick revival of sis Wayne yeshuati, practically dances direction. S Co continued ever seen, Eric Ripert CBL was called tonin area was any harder hi. Mr. Trudeau Marika Walsh, with The Globe and Mail governing is about choices, but in this election, aren't you just offering voters all the candy in the candy store. On the contrary, we have demonstrated over the past four years that an approach that invests in communities invests in Canadians is exactly the way to grow the economy. For ten years job creation economic growth was stalled under Stephen Harper because he still believed that trickle-down that giving advantages to the wealthiest was the way to create economic growth. Well, he failed Canadians with his vision, and we demonstrated that we could both create over a million new jobs, most of them full-time and lift nine hundred thousand Canadians out of poverty, including over 300,000 kids, by investing in communities. By investing in Canadians by investing in our future- and we did so in a way that remains fiscally respond- our debt continues to decline as a share of our GDP and we continue to get top ratings from the international credit agencies. We have an approach that has worked for the past four years and helped Canadians in an uncertain world in uncertain times. Our approach is to continue to choose forward and Canadians have a choice between returning to the failed Harper approach with Andrew Shearer or moving forward with us published a story showing some of the founding signatories to the People's Party of Canada have either current or past ties to neo-nazi groups. Soldiers of oden far-right groups. In light of this, would you ask the debate Commissioner to reconsider the decision to allow mr. Bernier in the debate in the last election, Stephen Harper gained the system around debates cherry-picked which ones he wanted to do which ones he didn't want to. Do. We made a promise to Canadians that we would create an independent debate, commissioner, who would make the determinations around where, when how the debates and who would be part of it- and we trust David Johnston and his team of experts to make determinations remove from politics about who should be in the debates and how they should unfold so that every Canadian has a chance to watch their leaders, discuss contrast their ideas and make clear the choice facing Canadians right now. I look forward to the opportunity to call out mr. Bernier for his intolerance and his approach. That I think hurts Canadians, I, mean I'm sure going back to the video that was obtained by Global News. You mentioned last week that it was during a rafting during your time at the whitewater rafting expedition, and there was a costume day. What exactly was that costume continuing to be open with Canadians about the mistake I made? This is something that I take responsibility, for this is something that I should have known better, but didn't, and I will continue to work every day to fight racism, to fight discrimination, to fight intolerance in this country. Answering the question: what was that costume I have been open with Canadians that will continue to be open with Canadians I will continue to fight racism and intolerance every day, I take responsibility for the terrible mistakes I made in the past and commit to continue to fight against racism and intolerance. Every day, Kevin winner, Hamilton Community, News I'm, just wondering the Hamilton steel workers are looking to unsee your candidates. They believe that you have broken their prop broken you're. Sorry, can you speak a little closer? Certainly a Hamilton Steve steel workers are campaigning against your candidates. They feel that they've, but they've been lied to and with regard to the pensions. What do you say to them? We faced a situation as a country where our closest ally and trading partner was imposing punitive tariffs on our steel and aluminum workers across this country, while at the same time threatening to rip up the most important trade deal. We have the NAFTA Accord that assures jobs and prosperity for millions of Canadians right across the country and indeed underpins our economy. We renegotiated those Accords at a time of American protectionism and uncertainty and assured a good deal for Canadian workers and for Canadians right across the country, have confidence in their future and this time of uncertainty and more than that, we brought in countervailing duties to those steel and aluminum tariffs that brought the Americans to lift unequivocally those steel and aluminum tariffs. Our approach worked even though Doug Ford and other conservative politicians said we should drop those tariffs unilaterally. That's not how you negotiate with the Americans. We demonstrated that we are standing up for workers that we're going to continue to stand up for steel workers and we were going to continue to work with labor as an essential partner in growing the middle class in this country, because that's what Canadians need, and that is the choice facing Canadians right now. Do we continue on an approach that has protected Canadian workers right across the country, or do we go back to the Harper years? You talked about needing to redouble your efforts to fight racism and intolerance. In light of these photos that came out. Have you considered altering your wait-and-see approach on Bill 21 in Quebec, in defense of young women or monteri police officers want to be teachers who are already leading to leaving the province. We have a situation where Quebecers are taking bill 21 to court. They are defending the Charter of Rights and Freedoms. The way the Charter is designed. It is there to protect Canadians from laws they feel or unjust. We are watching very carefully as that process unfolds. We will continue to make determinations around next steps, but, as I have said many times, I am opposed to any law that restricts Canadians freedoms. That tells someone what they should or shouldn't wear I believe in defending people's rights and I always well yet see what they're not thank you so much you you.