Don't I'll need to get a shot. Everybody you Bramson north welcome. Thank you for all being here with us I like to introduce my colleague, sahrin Jeet Singh NDP candidate for Brampton north hi, everyone. My name is Shen Jeet Singh NDP candidate for Brampton East, we're here in front of Brampton Civic Hospital, those of us who live in Brampton, oh the Browns, in the middle of a healthcare crisis, we were 600,000 people at just one Hospital and I'm incredibly proud to introduce our leader, jugman Singh who's. Here, who's been fighting for brands for years and been fighting for Canada once more jug meat. Saying our leader. Thank you, Thank You friends. For joining me, we've got an incredible team of Brampton. New Democratic. Mp candidates really proud of them. Thanks for joining us today, right here by Brampton, Civic Hospital, you know in 2015 Brampton sent five Liberal MPs to Ottawa. They voted for Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, and they did that because they were finished with years of Harper cuts times had become very difficult. Health care funding was getting squeezed and they wanted something different well. After four years of having these five Liberal MPs, people in Brampton continue to suffer, health care is still not at the level. It needs to be wait. Times are extremely long here at this hospital in 2017 reports show that four thousand three hundred and fifty two people were treated in hallways hallway. Medicine has become a reality in this city, and it is simply wrong. Health care funding has been cut by Harper and, like those cuts were continued by mr. Trudeau. People have had enough with this I'm here to say that is simply wrong. The neglect of Brampton is wrong. The neglect of health care is wrong, so what I'm here to do today is to commit to the following: we commit to building and new hospital and Brampton. We will support the funding for this new hospital. We also commit to supporting the expansion appeal Memorial, and we commit to this to ensuring that by 2020 we have pharmacare for all so that everyone in our country has access to the medication they need. If you need medicine in our country, you should use your health card, not sure credit card. That's gonna help. This hospital, it's gonna, free up time, someone who can't afford their medication should not end up in a hospital bed because they couldn't treat their illness. We're gonna put an end to that. So, thank you. So much for joining us we're gonna, make better choices. We're gonna make sure that we take care of the people that need support. This is a crisis here in Brampton, but it's a reality for far too many people. We will invest more in healthcare to turn things around. Thank you. So much and I want folks to know I'm in it for them I'm in it. For you and we're ready to take your questions yeah. How can you commit to building a hospital? Isn't that a provincial jurisdiction? How would you actually do that? It's absolutely a provincial jurisdiction and what we're committing today is to to make sure that we put the funding on the table to make this happen. We are committed to building this hospital and we know we've got to work with the provincial government, but we can't just stand by and give up when we've got a Conservative government that doesn't see the importance of building and investing in healthcare and we've got a Liberal prime minister, mr. Trudeau who's neglected his responsibilities. What we're doing today is saying we will partner. We will put the funding in place to support the building of a new hospital and expand Peel Memorial I'm. Just yesterday, and you've spoken about this before your plan to treat drugs as as a health issue rather than a criminal issue. Can you tell us specifically what that means? Would you decriminalize drugs which drugs would you want to see decriminalize? Can you tell us exactly what you're talking about when you say that sure I spend a lot of time as a criminal defense lawyer and I met a lot of people that were in the criminal justice system and when I, when I met with them and I spoke with them really what they were struggling was they were struggling with addiction? They were struggling with mental health. They were struggling with poverty and the criminal justice system wasn't the way to deal with their problems, and we see that in Canada, we've got an opioid crisis, thousands of Canadians are dying and we've got to do things differently. We can't continue down the same path, but we want to change the results. We've got to change our approach, and so what our approach is this when people are struggling with addiction for personal use, when people are struggling with mental health and people are struggling with poverty, they shouldn't be tree with the criminal justice system. They should be treated with compassion and care with the health care response, and that's what I'm committed to doing making sure people who are in need. People who are addicted. People were dealing with mental health. Get mental health services get addiction services. That is the way that we help people out and the way we see lives. What room is you seen? Christian oil Canada apple admits kalamu here, so Alamo has an emblem appreciably: askew sweater, yi soo, please, madeira, gleep aqua. We Suki on abuse, alien monk, Sewell Akita in so who places of attention to specific is an active part to the situation. Kia eve, avec, leur, kazuto-dono coup de justice, okay backs Ahmad, CDF, Remo and problem of a clerical metal Yankee exist as a mama. Don't wish this vital maneuver Sasha a key agenda set service, papa exact access, a decision settlement, important Paula, Deen et Asuka Nvidia same emotions cast as just Casa Laguna Libre go on fatty Zone in on puffle at hawaikan, faux fur a just replay, the the above. Please call conversación the the augment le lac co set service. So the question was around right now. The access to to folks who need medical assistance and in dying there's been concerns. A court decision that found that the criteria were too specific to narrow and I understand that that's a reality. People who need to make this choice for their dignity should be able to make the choice and right now the criteria being too narrow doesn't allow access to this decision for a lot of people and so I'm open to looking at ways to making sure the access is improved and that we do it in a way that respects the dignity of someone to make that choice da ba sto trick Denis povo, ZD e Kelly, comestibles, Le, Meurice Missouri, but with successors. What about don't? Don't let the bad as see the tissue of Patanjali ce soir Dejan, the machine, madam to Le, Monde Madhav I say that revoir Malaysia, the waffle, a junkie, non-pom voix, AGV, youichi, vizima platform to you, the montre circus, a passive Acula la vie, la population, a c'mon / adulation dong, COK sisa, the toujours Metro car circus. They did to Jeff a delay, Jean Monsieur Madame to the moon, avec, apologies, Jame, but I say a Bullock. Al-Sisi is your way. Continued, aphasia, mister, saying Michael cooter from global national is a vigorous debate now going around on e-cigarettes. Do you think that Canada should be doing something to ban vaping? Well I mean all our decision when it comes to to any sort of a product. That's in the market should be based on evidence and should be based on the science, and if we have some science, then evidence that points you a problem, then we should respond and and right now that science is unclear. There are some concerns being raised and I think we should be very careful to assess any sort of information that we have and make the best decision possible to protect citizens, and that includes vaping, e-cigarettes and anything else that might arise in terms of information that we now have. That should inform our decisions. We already have some jurisdictions and and I know more recently, the president, the United States is looking at it. You know flavored, nicotine and that sort of thing would you, if you were Prime, Minister, consider a nationwide ban on e-cigarettes? What my concern would be, is you know, as someone who doesn't smoke a drink, I really want to encourage people to make healthy decisions. I'm particularly worried about young people. That might be influenced to get into into a practice that they thing is safe when it's really detrimental to their health. I want us to make good decisions and good policies that protect the safety and the health of Canadians, and so everything we should do everything we do should be with that focus in mind and if there is a there's a way to move forward which discourages young people from making a bad decision. I want to do that. If there is information that we can provide to help, people make a better decision towards their health. I want to do that. Mr. Singh Kevin Gallagher is CTV News. So we know that yesterday too, NDP candidates had step down for various reasons. There's been lots of reports about difficulty that your parties had to vet recruit candidates said Ryan called the process unprofessional. How can Canadians vote for you for Prime Minister if it seems you're having trouble organizing candidates for this upcoming election? Well, I want to be clear. We're gonna have all the candidates in place so that everyone in Canada can vote for a new Democrat, no matter where they live. There's people that have to stand up live up to our standards as soon as information arises, where they are not meeting the standards that we believe is important for our candidates to meet. We then move ahead to ensure that there are no longer candidates and that's what happened recently and we're gonna continue to do that. If any information arises, which makes us doubt the quality of a candidate, we're then gonna move to say that those those folks can no longer be candidates, I'm, confident that people can trust us to know that we're making good decisions about the candidates we have. There is a high quality standard that we're trying to achieve, but, more importantly, we're also trying our best to recruit the real representation of Canada. We haven't seen enough marginalized communities represented, we haven't seen enough women particularly represented in politics, so I'm working hard to make sure that our candidates reflect Canada and that's a tough thing to do, but a very important thing to do. But at what point do you have to strike a balance here to get a candidate in the riding before September 30th cutoff? Right? So is there an issue with the vetting process in the in the party? What what's holding you back here? No, not at all I'm we've got a strong process. I've just put in place some some sort of strict or rigid demands. I really want to encourage equity, seeking folks to be reflected. I really believe it's important to to change the way things have been done in the past. I want to do things differently and that's hard to do. I know, but it's important for me, so I'm really committed to making sure we have the most diverse list of candidates possible people that really reflect who we are as Canadians and particularly for me. A big emphasis is working hard on recruiting as many women as possible. That's important! It's hard! I know many people who are so qualified, don't see themselves reflected in politics and then don't want to run. I really want to encourage them to run it's important for me. That's why I'm working hard you just mentioned! Oh hi, you just mentioned at the top there that you can put in the stricter, rigid demands. When, though, do you have to cut your losses, so you get the 338 well I'm an optimist and I believe we can always fight to make things better. I don't want to ever give up so I'm committed to the vision of making sure we've got a candidate and that will represent Canada. They represent, who we are so it's tough work, but it's important work and I'm happy and proud that we're doing it and we're gonna continue to make sure that we've got the best list of candidates possible for people to choose from, but rest assured that by Election Day everyone in Canada, we can vote for a new Democrat, no matter where they live. I want to ask you about tonight. This is your first official debate in a campaign as leader. So what are you personally thinking? What do you think are gonna? Be your challenges in this I'm really excited and I'm looking forward to it. One big challenge is mr. Trudeau hasn't showed up for four years and he's not showing up to this debate. I'm really disappointed by that I think Canadians are disappointed. They expect that the Prime Minister should be able to stand up and respond to questions hold up and and defend his record. His record is pretty abysmal, but that doesn't mean he should give up on the debate. So that's gonna be one of our challenges. How do we debate the prime minister who's responsible for many of the outcomes that we've seen over the past four years when he's not present, but we're still gonna move ahead, of course, and we're gonna make sure people know where we stand and I'm gonna take the opportunity to share the stories that I hear from people across this beautiful country, I'm, mister, saying Brian Platt with post media, you mentioned off the top. The Liberals have every seat in brampton right now. That's right! This is an area, you've won provincially and you almost went federally in 2011. What do you have to do to win here in this election? Well, we just have to look back and point out what liberals have failed to do over the past four years right here, we're at Brampton, Civic hospital and with five Liberal MPs. They have failed to improve the health care conditions here in Brampton. It's one of the biggest concerns when you speak to people in Brampton. Their concern is, is the hospital the people who are we who are standing in this line right now? This is really important for them that we have a hospital that that serves their needs of the of the community. This is one of the fastest growing communities in Canada. It is underserved and the five liberal piece have failed. The people of this of the city, we're gonna, show them that you don't have to accept bad or worse with conservatives, we're gonna cut services even more that they've got a real choice with New Democrats, who are going to invest in building a new hospital. We're gonna, invest in expanding our health care, making sure that medication is covered for all. These are things that are really appeal to the people of Brampton and I'm, confident that they're gonna see in us our real champion for them, someone who's, gonna fight for them, so I'm gonna be on their side cuz. It's really clear we're in it for people and they're gonna see that I'm also sticking in Brampton the issue of Public Safety is a big if deal here as well, I'd like to know what plans you have for public safety improvements in Brampton as well, particularly with peel Regional Police. Certainly Public Safety is a concern that that impacts people across across Canada when we spoken with with people who are particularly concerned about public safety, we're worried about young people and young people who end up in a going down the wrong path. There's concerns around young people who don't see a bright future, don't see a hope and they end up going in mixing up in the wrong crowd, and then it creates a spiral. So from speaking to people who are who are experts in the field, people in the community, people that I spoken to they want to make sure young people have bright promising futures, and that means making sure we've got the programs for them, making sure we make and we're the right investment so that young people can see a bright future. They can get a job. They can own. A home that they don't have to resort to some of the negative decisions that sometimes the pressures around them encourage. We are confident that, with our plan to build affordable housing, our plan to create 300,000, new quality jobs to tackle climate crisis and our plan to improve health care will create the climate and the conditions to improve public safety, but also just the quality of life for everyone in our country, but particularly here in Brampton. Absolutely we've got to invest federal money in in youth, education, youth services, youth programs. We want kids to have access to fitness programs. We want people to be a healthy and active and we want to encourage positive and bright futures that we know are possible if we make the right choices and that's what we're committed to doing. Yes, media funding for the hospital to the Brampton, as you can, as you have make an announcement for the new Brampton Hospital, but how you'll make sure that the provincial government will not put their nose in this matter, as we all know, if you MPs will get elected and how the benefits will be given to the Brampton? It's really good question: it's gonna be difficult to work with a conservative prime premier who has not made health care to priority and instead has been cutting services that it's gonna be a challenge, but what I'm committed to doing right now is just because it's a challenge doesn't mean we give up New Democrats, don't give up on people we're in it for people, and that means that we're gonna fight, hard, we're gonna say this is important. Here is a funding. We are ready to put money on the table to make sure we build this hospital. We have to work with the provincial government, that's true, but if we show the courage we show the conviction. We show that we're ready and we've got money available on the table to make this reality. I can't see why your premier would say no to that, especially when the people needed so desperately. So this is just clean from PTC Punjabi. My question to you is in Punjabi, so our company, a fresh campaign, first campaign, casillo canoe, convinced Karan, gay karaagac, UNDP, no whooping, Jibo mere money, bolita a garlicky specially chose Alda, keyaki, Liberal. Mp. Sorry Brampton EMP, liberal name, the owner associate Okada table Brampton in Misenum Brampton, which healthcare the boat buddy person, iya upper Brampton, Civic Hospital, this Omni Korea they so new Pataki. It's a hallway medicine, ik arm, Galaga upper a-arm girl, new name on the kid on watch, either upon new button. Atonia, so mainly got lucky upon looking at the carnage on naked. So no I, liberal to conservative, David Chiu scandal, Ernie Tosi NDP neutrons. Are you joking tour de vos t s su b de vich ashotovich op abhava Korea is hop star deepu refunding vishka Rangi donkey up animal hospital burn a monkey up appeal memorial, new expand, Camacho, Nia, northern all Joe opening the way in the culture about you, naked Jake, kissing, who the why D Lord, who be open a health convert, a knock, a quick credit card, Appa a seats of a manager who would finance in Quran game economic program, burn among agh a pure Canada /, a proper and buying power, but the key medication that your a car shop aracataca about? Oh no include: Colunga solicit some homily, which a gala dinner Luca, no para amid watch. Ida capo Odin Allah upon locating Allah naki birthday, Jerry Mira mistake, I'm gonna upper arm, loca Bostick I'm gonna. Thank you same question. Sure question was on how can I convince the people of Brampton to vote for New Democrats when they voted for liberals in the past? I said well, let's just look at the past four years. The past four years have shown that Liberal MPs, all of which, who represent Brampton, have failed the people of Brampton. They failed making sure that health care, which is one of the biggest concerns for Brampton, has not been addressed. They failed to address that problem, and so what we're committing today is saying that you know you don't need to choose between liberals or conservatives, conservatives who are going to cut to make things worse and liberals who are gonna. Take you for granted we're saying that you can choose new democrats, we're gonna fight for you, we're in it for you, because we believe you deserve equal and adequate funding. That means building the additional hospital here in Brampton, a city that is as fast growing as Brampton deserves the right type of funding, and that means also expanding Peel memorial. We also believe in making sure we've got medication coverage for all by 2020. That's something! That's gonna, significantly improve the conditions in the hospital, but for people's lives in general. People can count on us, we'll be there for them. So why are you promising to build a hospital in one community when hallway health care does appear to be a problem for all across Canada I guess? Why are you spending this this morning? Talking about one specific community when this issue is is the issue is truly across Canada? But if we look at Holly Medicine, it's really here in Brampton Civic, where it's a real crisis level I mentioned in 2017, a report showed it's literally 4352 people were treat in hallways. That's a number that far exceeds anywhere else in Canada, it's one of the highest numbers for hallway medicine. It's a crisis level here and what we're saying is we're committed to providing the funding to address this crisis. There's a crisis in Brampton and it's been neglected and that's not gonna stand with New Democrats. We believe that's wrong. We're also talking about a broader solution with Pharma care for all by 2020. That's gonna alleviate a lot of pressures off of hospitals across Canada. Many people end up in the emergency room because they couldn't afford the medication that would have kept them well. In the first place, that's creating a burden on the hospital system. That's a lot of waste, because people who could have treated their endless end up in a $1,500 a day bed in an emergency room. It could have been avoided. That's why our plan is to tackle this crisis here in Brampton, but also the crisis, broadly speaking across Canada. What are your plans for the Canada health transfer? Do you plan to increase it or keep that current levels? A great question I really want to point this out that Harper mr. Harper put in place a cut of thirty billion dollars. That's what his plan was to cut health or health care transfers by thirty billion dollars. Now he made the plan, but he didn't actually put it in place. It was mr. Trudeau who put in place his thirty billion dollar cut and mr. shears talking about keeping it in place. We're saying that that is wrong. We need to actually increase investments in health care, their health care transfers used to be 5050 between provinces and the federal government. Now they've dropped to 25 percent, approximately at the federal level and 75 percent at the provincial level. That is wrong and that's a lot of the reason why health care is in such a dismal condition right now we want to change that. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you.