Global news is speaking one-on-one to all the federal party leaders during this campaign. First up is Elizabeth May, the Green Party leader and she's, reacting to the blackface images that have emerged of Justin Trudeau, who she describes as a friend. She also revealed something to our Ottawa bureau chief about one of her party's candidates. Mercedes Stevenson interviewed Elizabeth May Mercedes. What did she tell you? Well Donna. We showed Elizabeth May, the video of Justin Trudeau in blackface. It was the first time that she had seen it. She was deeply shocked by that image and by the other images calling it troubling behavior. She also said that she doesn't like that: Justin Trudeau only apologized when he was caught. She thinks he should have come out and revealed what she called racist behavior in advance, instead of getting in a situation where he had to be asked about it and come forward not of his own will. Now. All of this had us wondering, though, are other parties facing a similar situation with potential leaders or candidates who might have something like this in their past, so I asked Elizabeth May if she or any of her candidates have ever appeared in blackface or brown face. Here's what she told me absolutely never have I done such a thing. It's it's appalling and I. Don't think that any of our candidates are hiding anything from us. One, dear friend of mine, just contacted the party to say: I did once Donna. That friend is someone. A lot of Canadians may recognize. Greg Malone he's a well known and well loved Canadian satirist and comedian, he's running in the Riding of Avalon in Newfoundland and Labrador, and he appeared on a well-known Canadian comedy show that aired in the 1980s and 1990s on the CBC called Cod Co. This was a show that took on all kinds of issues and was no-holds-barred on it. Malone was famous for some of his impressions and he admitted that he appeared in blackface when he was imitating. Mahama Gandhi now asked about whether it's different for a candidate who appeared on a national broadcast versus what Justin Trudeau did in terms of whether or not it's acceptable for mr. Malone to still run. This is what Elizabeth May told us I think that the context of it being a comedy show in an era where it was broadcast on national television was not something that was hidden and it was not something that he would do today now. That was the only time that mr. Malone himself appeared in blackface, but we do know that there was at least one other controversy of a production that he was involved in where one of the actors did appear as well in blackface, and it was a Christmas special by a local film company out in Newfoundland and Labrador at the time he said he didn't realize it was causing a fence, and it had been filmed about ten years earlier since the time that he appeared both on cod CO and in that film he's done extensive work on aids, the environment and other charities, but speaking to media today he says that he understands things differently. Now and while blackface was not a part of the social conversation back in the 1980s, obviously he wouldn't do this today and he doesn't think that Justin Trudeau is a racist.