Look at Torontonians on a city street 33 years ago, almost uniformly white. Today, the mix of cultures has transformed Canada's biggest city into a global melting pot, Justin Trudeau's black face incidents, Quebec restrictions on religious symbols and the emergence of a National Party critical of mass immigration raise questions about Canadians inclusiveness. We need to receive fewer refugees and ipso survey. This year found almost four in ten Canadians agree that immigration is a threat to white Canadians. The Canadians are losing confidence in our immigration system. Conservative leader, Andrew Shearer, has criticized the government's handling of irregular border crossings, but that represents a fraction of Canada's overall immigration numbers. Canada now welcomes some 300 thousand immigrants per year. Most are in the economic class that contribute directly to the economy, about one-fifth are refugees and other humanitarian cases. Others come as part of family reunification. It's changed the makeup of the country in ways that other countries are studying and copying the overall Canadian system of immigration. It's been one of the most successful in the world. In fact, you know there's delegates from governments across the world who come to Canada on a regular basis to see how we manage migration Canada's point system ensures most newcomers will step in pay taxes and boost the Canadian economy. In fact, the country's low birthrate and high number of retirees make immigration essential without immigration, the the sustainable pace of growth in the Canadian economy would be close to 1 percent, and that would actually feel like stagnation. So if we want rising prosperity, if we want an increasing standard living in Canada, we actually need immigration, Canadians largely recognized the value of immigration and the main parties in this election recognized the political value of new Canadians, the writings that encircle Toronto could be decisive in next month's election and they are teeming with immigrants. Any party who's going to be successful in the campaign is going to have to appeal to those voters and that, and that immediately makes immigration an important issue in the campaign. The parties may differ on the number of refugees, but there's no serious debate that immigrants should be curbed. In fact, the issue going forward is how many more immigrants the country will lead, ultimately with aging demographics as baby boomers. As that the labor force were actually going to need to increase our immigration levels. The world is increasingly competing for skilled immigrants and Canada as a head start in making them welcome. Eric Sorensen, Global, News Toronto.