And we are about to start a wave of change. That's gonna carry us all the way through I told Chris when he chatted with me a few months ago about the nomination. I said you know, for us in Saskatchewan happens right here in West, Nova and I am sure that that big blue wave is coming that big blue wave is going to start in Atlantic Canada carry us all the way through central Canada, the prairies all the way to BC and give us a new Conservative government on October 21st noose, a volcanic stone to do me occasions. Attempt it do I put about to Eve. 2015 was tough for our party, but we've gone and gotten great candidates. Great fantastic candidates like Chris, who has a history of representing his constituents, who has a history of putting people first in his riding and he's going to take the expertise and the experience that he had here at the provincial level, all the way to Ottawa and he's going to be part of a new Conservative government. After this elections over well, the Liberals are mired in scandal and corruption. We are putting forward a platform that is speaking directly to people's needs, leaving more money in their pockets, so they can get ahead. That is the message of this campaign. Late, making life more affordable, we've been unveiling our policies since day, one and I know we have a lot of doors to knock tonight and a lot of signs to pin so I won't even be able to get through them all I'll keep it short, though, we're putting more money back in the pockets of Canadians by repealing the carbon tax. That's going to be job number one we're helping Canadians get ahead by removing the GST and HSC off of home energy and hydro bills, we're lowering the first income tax bracket from fifteen percent down to thirteen point: seven: five percent more money in your pocket. We're going to help people save for their children's education by increasing the grants that the federal government puts in for our esps to help make post-secondary education more attainable for so many Canadian families, and we have a real environmental plan that will actually lower greenhouse gas emissions. Take the climate change, fight, global and once and for all, stop the practice of cities and towns dumping raw sewage into our rivers, lakes and oceans. That's a real environmental plan. Sumati news, I have all I know, say: blue top. We pour the system this on tape, Roman Co. This morning we announced more support for provincial health care systems and I know. As someone who had my mom had a lot of different types of illnesses in her last few years, one of the biggest things affecting Canadians across the country is wait times and so often before patients can even get treated for what they're facing they're waiting weeks and months just for the tests, and we have so many people who aren't getting the help they need because they haven't been able to have the diagnostic test that will tell the doctors what it is that they need to do and that's why. This morning we announced that we would Institute a new fund to help provincial governments replace or purchase new MRI and CT scan equipment. We're gonna do all of this as we get back to balanced budgets, because we as conservatives know that massive deficits that last for years and years put pressure on social programs means higher taxes after this election, when Justin Trudeau doesn't need your vote, he'll still need your money and we know he's gonna raise those taxes, he's gonna, raise income taxes, he's gonna, raise the carbon tax and we can't afford to let him do that. We can't afford four more years of Justin Trudeau's, so tonight I want to thank you all for being here. Thank you for supporting Chris. We know we're gonna, win elections like this. The old-fashioned way door-to-door lawn by lawn small business by small biz. We just stopped in at a place called the Annapolis Brewing Company. Has anybody ever been there whoa yeah? That's? Why were a few minutes? Late met a guy there named Doug, who said he was gonna be here, but he got the time mixed up. He thought it was five o'clock and he thought he was back. Would it be able to take it so he's over at the Brewing Company? But he told me he could still. We could still give a launch site, so he gets the best of both worlds. I got to say hello to him and he got to have a pint of beer. Thank you for all your hard work. Thanks for supporting Chris merci beaucoup Porter buckle up. We with all of us working together in every riding across this country. We can, and we will make sure that Justin Trudeau is a one-term Prime Minister thanks very much everyone. Merci beaucoup this gentleman. We could stop over technical guys, let's get a staff into the truck yeah thanks for being here thanks for supporting Chris. Thank you food service, be there for you. You were there for us, we'll be there. Let's go guys other side of the you. You.