Thank You doc, hello, Winnipeg, how we doing today, I gotta, say I know it's been a tough week for Manitobans, but as always you pulled together. Even though people have lost power, people had to get evacuated. You lean on each other. You supported each other, because that's just what Winnipeggers and Manitobans do. Thank you for demonstrating that I got a start tonight by saying. Thank you. Thank you to all of you for the incredible work. You've been doing these past weeks and months getting out there knocking doors, making phone calls connecting with neighbors and demonstrating that we are totally focused on earning every vote as we move forward in the right direction for Canada make um Doug edgy some of my men in the home mo just gone through, miss Kay's, dead, TC epic vu that fencer man I've only leaks you. It really brings it back to that last weekend before the election, when we were here not far from here in Winnipeg in a similar rally. Talking about the big choice, Canadians need to make on Monday and that's what we did we pulled together. We focused on investing in Canadians because we had had enough of ten years of Stephen Harper's cuts, Stephen Harper's, doing nothing on climate change, Stephen, Harper's, lack of ambition for our country, so we chose a different direction. We chose to invest instead in families in communities in helping each other, and you know what over the past four years, we showed that it works. We we were able to create the kind of economic growth that Stephen Harper wasn't able to seek as he kept believing in cuts, cuts, cuts and tax breaks for the wealthiest. Instead, we invested in families and families turned around and Canadians created, almost 1.2 million new jobs, most of them full-time. We have the lowest unemployment in 40 years, and we did that because we invested in opportunities for Canadians and because we were able to lift 900,000 people out of poverty. We also took seriously the responsibility to build a pan-canadian climate change plan and that's exactly what we did. It is no longer free to pollute anywhere across the country and families get more money back because of our climate incentives. We demonstrated what can happen when an ambitious government rolls up its sleeves and gets to work with and for Canadians. We did big things over these past four years, and one of the big ones is of course, moving forward meaningfully on reconciliation with indigenous peoples. I want to recognize that we of course know there is so much more to do, but the work we've done here in Manitoba with the Meiji nation across the country with First Nations, has been significant steps forward. We've eliminated 87 long-term boil water advisories and are on track to getting rid of all of them. We are moving forward on investing in schools in health centers and we're doing it all in a way that is grounded in respect and partnership, because that's what indigenous Canadians deserve from their government. We've continued to move forward on protecting Canadians, protecting minorities, standing up for women's rights standing up for the LGBT community because we know defending Canadians rights is just what we do as Canadians, but now we're in 2019 and Andrew Shearer wants to bring forward a plan that is well I mean you think about it and you sort of understand why he waited so long before sharing his platform. He waited until late in the campaign after the debates until the Friday night of a long weekend when he was hoping, nobody would notice that the only three things in his platform were tots, tots, tots. Shame on him! Oh, oh, wait! Wait! That's not entirely fair because there were a few tax breaks for the wealthiest and there do you know you could always count on conservatives for that, but more than that, fifty three billion dollars worth of cuts to services to programs. The Canadians have learned to rely on and he has promised that his very first day as Prime Minister. He would rip up the only real plan to fight climate change. The Canada has ever had you know and I know that we need to protect our environment and fight climate change, that it's not a choice between growing the economy and protecting the environment. Indeed, you cannot in 2019, have a plan for the future of our economy and not have a plan for protecting the environment. That's what they don't understand. So we have a choice. Come Monday. Do we continue to move forward with a progressive, ambitious Liberal government, or do we go back to conservative cuts but you'll understand that in fighting for the environment, conservatives just don't get it, but it's not just Andrew Shearer. It's conservative premiers right across the country who are fighting it using your taxpayer dollars in court. They are fighting the future for our kids when they fight against the fight against climate change. We know we need to do more and that's exactly what we are planning to do. That's why we need a strong federal government to stand up to those premiers to stand out to the Conservatives who want to do anything and I know we can count on Winnipeggers and Manitobans for that maybe savvy about Suva the full wark venema progress east me: papa Cervantes, k7z, anima, pregnancies, racist sternum, al kavadlo, whoa Letitia li de zhua, the fam LaGuardia Community, LGBT, Republicans, ISA, angulimal, pregnancies. A progressive government is the one that looks at an elderly widow who just lost her partner of 50 years, who is grieving who's, trying to figure out how to move forward, how to continue and realizes that the pension she gets is about to be slashed as well. A progressive government looks at that and says we will help you. We will give you the help. You need that's what a progressive government does. A progressive government looks at our students are young people who know that you need to get a good education if you're going to get a good job, but are reeling from the high cost of tuition and the challenges around student loans. And you know what a progressive government proposes that you won't have to start paying back your student loans until you're, making at least $35,000 a year on top of more grants and more help for families, and we look at families who are increasingly challenged to make ends meet, who want to give every opportunity to their kids to grow up healthy and strong with the kinds of experiences and activities that matter so much to kids growing up and we gave them the Canada child benefit and we increased the Canada child benefit, and on top of that, we've decided that, because it is so expensive in that first year of life, that we will be raising by 15%, the Canada child benefit for the first year of life. Yes, for you, Little Miss, that's right! You and the moose Santa t-shirt. You get that. We know that a progressive government understands that the greatest challenge of our time is the fight against climate change, and that is what we are going to do more of over the past four years we put in place the most ambitious and concrete climate plan Canada has ever had. We put a price on pollution right across the country. We built a world-class oceans, protection plan. When we came into office, only 1% of our coasts and oceans were protected and we said we're gonna get to twenty to ten percent in five years and I have to say we didn't quite do that. We got to 14 percent in four years, but we need to do so much more. We need to get to twenty five percent by 2025 of our oceans and coasts and our lands. We need to move forward on meeting and surpassing our 2030 targets and getting to net zero by 2050. We need to continue to invest in clean energy in that transition in making sure that there are good jobs for kids and grandkids in the coming years, as we embrace the new economy as we embrace next Xero technologies. This is what we need to do and Canadians get it. Hundreds of thousands of young Canadians marching in the streets over these past weeks to send that clear message that our future is at risk right now and for me it all sort of came to a head. This morning, when I heard a story from a fellow who admitted that he'd always voted conservative, he was a small business owner. He just voted for fiscal conservative, his whole life, and yet this election, something changed and what changed was he looked at his 13 year old daughter and he decided that he needed to give her his vote, because this election, more than just about any other election, is about her future and in order to vote for her future, he needed to vote for climate change and he needed to vote liberal for the very first time, because this election isn't just about the next four years, it's about the next 40 years and whether we are going to step up and build a better future for everyone. For indigenous Canadians, for young families, for seniors, for students build stronger communities, invest in infrastructure, defend people's rights. These are the things that Canadians count on, and this is the choice that we're talking about. When we tell people to choose forward. Maskull, miss Amy, said wanna, cop robots or mayor P miss a leaf, Salma, cotton or goobers normal progresses, gvq en DS any al faster, Stephen Harper, an opposition, a cottage block, a cotillion PD, a trainer who's Betty untainted, EMS, your Harper, the new park openly program, politians multimatic, the new pope koopida. I could sue the nepal a coupie, the lady fani, a veteran who's, an elephant coming on do miss Kay's on the Pagani Tosca Leakey be equally fucker. Fan Li progresses that severely P or Swasey the fair party, the google, normal progresses, yoshimi's la bonne voie, and this election is a time for all of us to pull together and reflect and two days from now, we need to do everything we can to make sure we get everyone out to vote. We've got to fight our way through these next two days to get people mobilized, to get them to understand what is at stake, either moving back to Harper times once again or moving forward, and you know one of the things we keep hearing is Andrew Shearer, trying to make things up to hide his cuts, trying to attack and trying to tell people that this election is about me. This election isn't about me. This election is about you. This election is about Canadians, so get out there go knock doors. Talk to your neighbors. Talk to your friends, make sure that everyone shows up to vote for a better future on Monday and together, let's choose forward. Let's see the moon they'll see.