Hey how's, everybody. Oh you guys! Look fantastic! Oh my gosh! You know what standing in the middle of the riser just means. You all have a clear shot at me. Right, water, realm, holy mackerel, thanks! Everybody for coming on out this evening, give yourself a round of applause. My name is Lisa Raitt I'm, the former member of parliament for Milton Ontario, the next member of parliament for Milton Ontario and yards a day later. I see a lot of friends here. So this is where I'm gonna point you to some work. Let's hear the cheers who's here from the 905 and who's here from the four one. Six I would go five, one nine, but I, don't think you're here. Anyone from that's amazing! Well what else we want to do with a big Friday night, but to get together with the wonderful conservative family that we have here right and I know. We have special guests tonight, -, don't we we had two special guests tonight: I am so I'm, so very excited to be here. As I said, it's been quite the campaign we've had a lot going on. We have just over two weeks left, and this is where conservative principles and values really come to the fore. If you wanna know why there are no harder workers in this country than conservatives no and it doesn't matter what part of the country you're from all the way out of Newfoundland and Labrador and all the way up to Vancouver, BC and B Victoria, BC and all the way up to the north, where my friendly owner bucock is seeking the seat in a towel. It again, we know that we have two weeks to work as hard as we can to make sure that we change the control of this country and we change controls country for the better one of the questions that I keep getting asked when I'm knocking doors and Milton by the way is so tell us about Andrews share. What do you know about? Andrews share great he's, a great guy, that's what everyone says for sure. But let me tell you what I know I didn't know Andrew when he was Speaker of the House, because I was administered in the Stephen Harper government. Therefore, we really didn't have a chance to shot. He was the traffic cop and he had a very important role and I was in the government and we didn't really have any opportunity to socialize I got to know Andrew in 2015 when Ron Ambrose at us next to each other in the House of Commons, he was the house leader, opposition House leader and I was the credit for finance and what I learned first and foremost the one thing that came across is how real and authentic he is. He is exactly who you see him. - cool and the second thing I can tell you. You never tried to throw me or Ron under the bus didn't happen. He has an excellent sense of humor. In fact, we used to get in a little bit of trouble because we quit being back and forth all the time which shows you. He has a kind heart he's, empathetic, he's trustworthy and as well, more so than anything else. He loves his country and wants to make it better in the time that I thought to know him through the leadership and the time that I've had the pleasure of sitting next to him again in the House of Commons. I can tell you this. He has become the leader that Canada deserves and that Canada needs right now. He enjoys having other people express their point of view to him. He's not gonna fire somebody just because they have a different point of view and express it he's going to welcome that opinion and he's going to help all of us make the decision together he's absolutely true and loyal to the people who were around him and most of all, he shows each and every day that this is about us. This is about the conservative family. He is grateful for our work and he doesn't think it's all about him because, quite frankly, aren't we tired of a leader who thinks it's all about I'm, getting pretty excited, cuz I know we're getting close to when we're gonna be bringing out the boss. So we can have a word with all of you, but I'm gonna tell you this two weeks left get on the doors, find our vote and get our vote out to the polls. More importantly, when you find the people who are gonna vote for us tell them to bring a friend to the polls as well tell them that we need their vote too, because this is a tight race and the GTA is so important to ensuring that this country starts moving in the right direction, again a direction where people have dreams an opportunity thinking actually attain and that your success is determined by your work and your values and not by whether or not you're a friend of Justin Trudeau. We want to make sure that we do everything possible. We put it all on the line and we work as hard as we possibly can to deliver the result that Canadians want and that Canadians deserve, and that is a Conservative government in this country. So I gotta know one thing: aren't you excited? Are you ready to give this all you've got and, most importantly, to quote my family and K friends? Are we gonna get her done? Ladies and gentlemen, I want to introduce you to your leader and the next prime minister of this great country of Kerala. Ladies and gentlemen, Lisa Raye, thank you. So much reduction. Merci beaucoup sit the golbez Ian. If you see it is such a pleasure for me to be here and I've got great news. I always like to start off the evening. Some people say I smile too much some summer. I can't assert that I heard that the door it's hard not to smile when you think that we are less than 18 days away from getting rid of this level of government, it's hard not to smile when you've got great candidates all over the GTA, all over Ontario and all over this country. I have crisscross this country several times over the last few weeks and I can tell you the responses. The doors has been fantastic. People are excited, people are ready, people are, they cannot wait. They cannot wait to put an end to this tax, hiking deficit, running scandal-plagued, Liberal government and replace it with an honest conservative government that puts people first. Canadians are realizing that Justin Trudeau is just not as advertised so many jokes right through trying to pick just one. You know they're, seeing more and more that he's not who he says he is that he's a hypocrite on so many different levels. We found out just the other day that well he's been preaching and lecturing to Canadians about how they need to pay more for their gasoline, for the groceries in the home. Heating he's actually been flying across the country with the second plane or in his costumes, his camping equipment, maybe even that canoe. But it's okay. It's okay, because he's buying some some carbon offset credits which gives him license to keep living his lifestyle, the way that he wants to live, and that is the essence of the hypocrisy on this, because you see for people like Justin Trudeau and their millionaire buddies. They will never have to worry about higher gas prices, about more expensive groceries or about higher home utility bills. But that's where conservatives come in, because we know that hardworking Canadians don't want to pay more well privileged people like Justin Trudeau, don't have to worry about the consequences, but I'm gonna make them an offer here. Tonight, I am personally going to offer to pay the offset credits for the second movie ban, he's going to need on October 22nd the day after the election and people are seeing the the consequences of his higher taxes. We know the Canadians are feeling like they're falling further and further behind over 80% of middle-class families they're paying more today than they were when Justin Trudeau took office, and it's carbon tax is raising the cost of living and I'm here to tell you, the people of Ontario, the people all over Canada, the first job of a Conservative government after this election job number, one first piece of legislation will be called an act to repeal the carbon tax. That's the first thing: we're gonna do they're, seeing that he's not as advertised when it came to running an open and transparent government. An open and transparent government sunlight is the best disinfectant I. Remember someone saying said sunny ways here. Well, it seems like we've encountered a long patch of cloudy weather he's kicked out. The only two people kicked out of caucus, the only two people who were standing up to him during the SNC Laughlin. So it seems like the only thing that gets you kicked out of the Liberal Party is when you stand up to those who are abusing the power of their office Canadians see through that they can see the betrayal that he that he had with our war heroes, our veterans, promising that he would clear the backlog and instead, it's getting longer and longer, and that's why we're offering such a positive message. This campaign we are whole platform, is all about the way that we are gonna help people get ahead. We believe conservatives believe that a dollar left in the pocket of the hard-working Canadian, who earned it is always better spent that in the hands of the politicians we have, and we know what Canadians are working harder and harder and we're gonna make sure they keep more of their own money. First of all, we're gonna run a government that lives within its means. We're gonna get back to balanced budgets in five years. Conservatives know that those deficits add up that it has to be paid back with interest. Newsome honkers in a company I pay the debt a event in Denver a collector named Wang, lei bonk. We know that more and more of your tax dollars going just to pay the interest on that day. That's money that could be going into better services or in better yet better services or back into tax cuts, and that's why we're gonna, stop the borrowing and get back to balanced budgets. We're gonna be a government that runs within its means. How do we do that? We're gonna leave more money in your pocket. We are going to lower the first income tax bracket, saving the average hard-working couple, eight hundred and fifty dollars a year. Ladies I know many people here, probably take public transit, I, know I'm visiting my family and Mississauga I, actually think I. Think one of my uncle's this year, I have a large like today. It's my Uncle John I've got 30 odd cousins, all spread out throughout the GTA in southwestern Ontario, but I visited my grandmother on Koffler Road in Mississauga almost every summer, and we stick the number 8 bus to square one and we used to come up and take the GO train down into games and go to the X and I know how important public transportation is for people here in the GTA in so many parts of Canada, and that's why we're going to bring back the public transit tax credit to help the morning commute, get a little bit more affordable. We're gonna help with raising kids we're gonna bring back the children's sports and activities tax credit we're going to recognize the sacrifice that new moms make when they take those critical first few months off of work to be at home with their newborn child. That's why we're going to make maternity leave benefits tax-free! Ladies. Oh, we know how important it is to help support families. Jill and I have five kids a lot of people. A lot changes between your first in your fifth I can tell you with our first child. Every time they drop something we're cleaning it off and disinfecting it running under hot water. You know always checking any time the people would put it down to sleep running into the room. Every time we heard any kind of noise and 5th child a little bit different five-second rule turns into a 50 second rule bad times a little bit different. A lot of people after Mary was born a few months in civil she's sleeping through the night. Of course, we would put her in her crib turn a fan on in her room closed her door, going our room close our door turn a fan on a typhoon when people asked us that question say we're not sure if she's sleeping tonight but we're sleeping tonight. That's why we're bringing back these family-friendly tax cuts like sports activities and maternity leave, and that's also why we are going to boost the RESP so that people saving for the children's education can get a help helping hand as well an order in order to pay for that, we are going to stop spending money on corporate welfare. We're gonna cut corporate welfare by one point. Two point: five billion dollars, so we can put that money right back in the talker and we're not going to send your tax dollars to relatively well-off countries. Middle and high-income countries we're going to take 25% out of the foreign aid, but there, and we made the commitment that we are going to increase transfers to provinces for health care, education and social programs by three percent or more every single year. So that is the choice. Ladies and gentlemen, it could not be more clear between a prime minister who abuses the power of his office to reward his friends and punish his enemies and one that will shine a light on his scandal and corruption and bring back ethics and integrity to our government. Ladies go we're. Justin Trudeau will embarrass Canada and get bullied and pushed around on the world stage. I will represent Canada with strength and conviction and defend our interests. Where Trudeau will look our decorated war heroes in the eye and tell them that they are asking for more than he can give. I will honor their service and their sacrifice and uphold our sacred obligation to them where he will travel around the world and talk down Canada's natural resource and energy sector. I will be a champion for it and get big projects built in this country. Getting our energy sector back on its feet, where he will target law-abiding farmers and hunters I will target the real criminals, the gangsters, the repeat, offenders and the drug traffickers, and while he will watch billions of dollars, leave Canada billions of dollars, leave Canada for other countries. I will support a national energy corridor that brings Western Canadian energy to eastern Canadian markets and gets us off of foreign oil, ladies and gentlemen, and where he will raise your taxes, run massive deficits for years and years and make the cost of living get more and more expensive. I will run a government that lives within its means, so we can leave more money in your pocket because it's time for you to get ahead. Ladies down man, thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you and, as Lisa said, we've got a few more days left a little over two weeks left. It's gonna, take all our grassroots efforts. You are our secret weapon. We I don't know if you know this, but we don't always sometimes have the same advantages as a liberal sched. What apparently get any messages, though, so it's gonna, take every single one of us working hard long day's long into the evening, knocking on doors. Putting up signs I'll have what happens. Wayne to boot was that for we need all your help, but I know this. All of us working together, our grassroots volunteers, learn I was just getting that message out to our friends and neighbors. You know so many people are telling me they voted liberal in 2015 and they're not doing that at this time we have an opportunity to get the message to them to tell them how their life will get better, how life will get more affordable and how we are going to win. That's right and all of us all of us, working together in ridings and procs the GTA across Ontario across this great big, wonderful country of ours, all of us doing our part in our runnings we can and we will make sure that Justin Trudeau is the ones your Prime Minister thanks very much everyone. You.