The end hello, my name is Laurel Collins and I am running to be your next MP for Victoria. It is so great to be here with you today on the home lands of the Lacroix and speaking peoples of the song he's and Esquimalt First Nations I am grateful to the nations and the people who have stewarded this land and grateful to be with a party who puts reconciliation and supporting indigenous rights at the heart of everything that we do. Thank you so much for coming today. As most of you know, today was the climate strike and I had the privilege of being down there with jug meat and of marching with thousands of people in our city and every day, I talked to people who are worried about the climate crisis, they're worried about protecting our coasts and they're, worried about what that means for their future and their children and their grandchildren. People are telling me that they are frustrated with politicians who refuse to take action. The time to act is now. The NDP has a proven track record of standing up for the issues that matter most jug meat and the NDP understand that social inequality and the climate crisis are interconnected and we have a plan to tackle the climate crisis, to invest in housing and to ensure we have a future where no one is left behind. Now it is my privilege to introduce someone who has fought for our community. He has fought for improved transit. He has fought for the southern resident killer, whales he's fought for our human rights. Please welcome my friend and mentor longtime MP and your candidate for ask why molt's Anna sook Randall garrison wow what a crowd thanks so much Laurel for that kind. Introduction and I'd like to ask all of you to join me in giving another hand for our next MP from Victoria, Laurel Collins, so I supposed to know. I'm Randall, garrison, I'm, the Member of Parliament, for ask why malt Saanich sook, like Laurel I've, been talking to a lot of voters in the past few days and they all say the same thing. They say: British Columbia is a very special place. They're very proud of our pristine coast and they're very proud of our diverse communities and they're looking for a leader, who's prepared to defend those things that we are so proud of, Justin Trudeau said he'd be different. He said a lot of things and made a lot of promises, but those pretty words turned into broken promises. He said he understood the urgency of climate change and then he let big polluters off the hook and he bought a pipeline. Jug Mead Singh is different. We know that today, jug meat signed a pledge to protect our coast against the trans mountain pipeline expansion and increased tanker traffic. That's something that both the liberals and conservatives want to impose on British Columbians jug meat Singh is different. He's gonna stand up for us, he's gonna fight for our coasts and in this campaign, jug meat is the leader who's. Taking on the rich and well-connected, he's standing up to powerful insiders and he's putting forward the ideas that will make life better for all of us, not just the few I'm inspired every day by his leadership, I'm proud to work with him in Ottawa and I. Would like you to join me in giving a very warm welcome to jug meat Singh leader of the New Democratic Party of Canada? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. How's it going Victoria. Oh, this is pretty amazing. I mean you get a chance to look around. There's a lot of people. That's pretty cool friends! We've got an incredible team of candidates, an incredible team and if you could just join me for a moment, we've gotten the front row here: we've got Sabina Randle, Laurel Alistar, we've got a whole team of Canada's up and down the island all across BC and all across Canada. He just for a moment give them some recognition as our incredible team. So friends I want to hear from you today, so we're gonna have some time to chat and get to hear some questions before you do that I want to lay out a little bit about. What's going on some of the challenges that we're faced with and a little bit of an update of. What's what's at stake in what we've got to do so? A lot of you know this and I'm sure you spoken with friends and family that tell you these stories, but I want to share with you a little bit of what I've heard from the road traveling across Canada. One of the things today laurel touched on this and randall touched on this today. We we know that thousands and thousands of young people took to the streets in cities across Canada, demanding action on the climate crisis and I think we should just take a moment to acknowledge the power of young people, how many of them took to the streets, how inspiring it was to see so many young people like we saw little kids, who are barely six years old to university students all they're too many action for climate, and that was pretty beautiful to see I. Remember speaking as one woman in particular, a young woman and I asked her. What did it mean to be there at the climate rally at this climate action? And she said you know, I was really angry. I was really frustrated. I felt like how could leaders let me down and betray our future? How could someone, like mr. Trudeau say pretty words on one hand, but deliver empty promises? How could he do that? She was angry. She was frustrated. She also was feeling a little despair saying I, don't know what to do like. This seems like such an uncertain, Abul insurmountable, overwhelming difficult challenge. How do I overcome it and she said I was kind of losing hope, but when I came here today, she was talking about in front of the Legislative Assembly. So when I came here today and saw so many people, thousands of people coming out I didn't feel as alone I felt, like people do care that if we come together, we can actually solve this problem, and that was pretty inspirational to hear that that shift from despair to hope, but the reality is, is a lot of young people are angry and they're frustrated and they're right to be frustrated because they've been let down. You know, their future is so crucially important and people always talk about their kids being their future and kids being so important. Well, kids are demanding action, they're saying please do something: we're worried about the future of this planet. I want to let those kids know I want to let everyone across this country know. Everyone across this world know that we will not let them down. We will not let them down, and then we look at you know the other issues that people are faced with the other problems that people are struggling with. We know that climate crisis is one of the biggest stresses in people's lives, and rightly so, but as laurels mentioning some of that's unique to New Democrats is we don't think of each issue on its own? We know they're all interconnected. We know that people are also worried about things like housing here in Victoria and across the island and across BC. People can't find a place to call home and those that have a place to call home are worried if the kids are ever gonna, be able to not just buy a place or worried if their kids could have a rent a place, it's becoming so hard I've met, so many young people that tell me their biggest fear is they don't know if they can ever own a home or even rent a place? So that's something we've got to tackle when you know that people are worried about health care. You know we're really proud. As Canadians we've got this health care system, that's a pride of the world in a lot of ways. People look to us and say: wow. You've got something pretty amazing and we do, but over the years that really amazing system that we built up has been eroded. Decision after decision made in Ottawa by conservatives and liberals have starved the funding for this beautiful system, and then what happens when something that is amazing that we're so proud of gets starved of funding. What happens well slowly, something starts to creep in someone says: well what? If I pay for this service, what if I pay for that service and eventually the public system that we've built and that we've we've become so proud of, becomes eroded and then there's a privatization that starts to enter and then slowly it starts replacing that one to your system with a two-tier system and and that's the risk, that's the threat. If we allow the continued ongoing trend where less and less funding is being delivered at the federal level, it means we might lose that precious public health care system that we so cherish. Friends I want you to know, I'm pretty sure, I speak for everyone in this room. We will not let that happen in healthcare. I also hear a lot of really painful stories about the lack of access because of that starved system. People can't get the care they need when they need it, and I met a lot of people that can't afford the medication they need to stay well. I, remember: I met a woman who got late onset type, 1 diabetes. She was just completed her master's and she said: I was healthy. My whole life I never worried about medication, I, never worried about going to the doctors because they never needed to. But then I got diagnosed with late onset type, 1, diabetes and I didn't have any coverage and I earn a good living. I have a good job, but it's cost me thousands and thousands of dollars and and it's it's a worry that I have and she's like I can't save up to buy a home because my medications cost so much and I have no choice. I have to take it all die I met a kid 10 years old and he lived with her chronic illness. He was one of those young kids, that's wise beyond his years, because he's dealing with a really stressful illness. So he told me about the medication and the injections he's like I gotta. Take you know these different pills and I've got to monitor my blood and he looked at me and I. He could tell I was worried about him because he was so so dealing with all this worry, and he said you know if I don't take care of myself. I know I might die and I was kind of taken aback at how casual he was speaking about death, and then you could see the worry in my eyes, and he said no, no, don't worry about me. I'm, okay, I can do this. Ten-Year-Old kid is like I can do this I'm, alright, but I am worried about how much my medication costs my mom and dad he's a little kid ten years old and he's worried about being a burden on his mom and dad I like it doesn't shouldn't be that way. My kids shouldn't feel like a burden and then I think about you know the other worries that people have and the fact that a health care system that should cover people when they need it. It's not always there for them. You know things like dental care. It's not covered people, don't get access to the mental health services. You need there's a massive gap in our system when I look at the options. Well, who's gonna stand up for these people who are worried about climate crisis, who are worried about the cost of living, worried about housing and the health care system. Say: okay, we'll are the Liberals gonna stand up for these these folks, thanks for that, I was hoping. You'd say that that wouldn't work to all of you had I said yes, I, just kind of left out of the lab I was on a limb there. Thank you for that was good. So no they're, not it's true. You they're not gonna, be there, and we know why you know it take pharmacare. For example, mr. Trudeau announced the plan recently that they're gonna put in Pharma care. Then we looked at the plan and it's it's basically they're gonna negotiate with the drug companies to maybe hopefully give some breaks on medication. It's not actually a plan and there's no Ashley universality in it. In fact, we know that mr. Shido is not gonna. Do it, because the Liberal Party has been promising Pharma care for how many years does anyone know 22 years they've been promising it? Well, this time they were a little bit more honest. They normally promise pharmacare. Then after the election, they break the promise this time during the election they admitted it wouldn't be universal. So at least they're being honest this time, so they're not gonna, tackle the health care issue and I want to give you one concrete example. You know looking at the problems that were faced with the fact that we're worried about the climate we're worried about our health care worried about housing. How do we get here? How do we get to this point? That's true someone said I could answer. I appreciate that answer. Neoliberalism is, the answer is still academic, simply put governments in Ottawa haven't been working for people they've been working for those at the very top they've been working to make life easier for multimillionaires and billionaires and wealthy corporations, and by making it easier for them, they've made life harder for everyone else. They've consistently made decisions that have put those at the top ahead and everyone else behind and back to mr. Trudeau, the example, a concrete example of why he would never bring in Pharma care well. In 2015 he made a promise. He said, I'm going to change the list of countries that we set our prices for medication and by changing the list of countries it's gonna drop the cost of medication significantly and he's right, because the board that sets a price is demanded. They asked, if you give us a new list of countries, we can drop the price of medication. That's a zero cost solution. It wouldn't cost us a cent. Four years went by and mr. Trudeau didn't do it. I was wondering why? Wouldn't he do something as simple as changing the list of countries? It costs us nothing. Why? Wouldn't he do it? We figured out why, in four years he met with Big Pharma him and his government. They met with Big Pharma and they met with insurance lobbyists a whole bunch of times rough guess of how many times in four years, five hundred I got a five hundred yeah. If you like it's an auction, it's no higher someone jump to 2000 you're, ruining my story because that's way too high 2000 is the wait. That's a lot. I mean it. Five hundred is already a lot. Someone said: eight hundred combined we've counted at least eight hundred and seventy five times. That is massive just to put into perspective. That is massive and so, after four years of being lobbied, so many times by the Big Pharma and the big insurance company lobbyists. Mr. Trudeau's government gave up on that promise again, it's no coincidence because they'd rather work to protect the profits of the insurance companies and the big pharma companies rather and protect families. It's a choice. It's not a coincidence. This is a choice. They're making and again with the climate. You know the simplest first step that should be taken is: why is it that billions of our public are going to the fossil fuel sector? It makes no sense, makes no sense. Now now mr. Trudeau made the promise, he said I'm going to end fossil fuel subsidies when he was campaigning in 2015 and so again. Well, what happened in four years he didn't follow through in that commitment. Why didn't he? The lobbyists? We did a little search. We found out that he met with the energy lobbyists a whole bunch of times, Rauf guess how many times hints hell. He hints a little bit more than the Big Pharma and insurance companies, a thousand very close fifth. Over fifteen hundred times fifteen hundred times he met with energy lobbyists and obviously he again caved to the demands of the powerful elite rather than helping out people. Young people were saying: please do something: to protect our environment. Do something to protect our future. Mr. Trudeau said no I'd rather protect the profits of those at the very top again. So it's an ongoing trend here, so the Liberals aren't going to do it. They're not gonna, stand up for people. They're not gonna, make life better for people and I'm. Not sure I need to say this in this crowd, but are the Conservatives the answer I'll take that laughter as a strong, no okay. Thank you. I. Also that one I didn't feel like I was going on a limb. Very much I felt pretty secure on that one. So I mean just to just to make it clear, though mr. schirra is gonna say that he's gonna pop money in the pockets of families he's gonna say that we're gonna, hear him say that he's gonna say I'm gonna put some money in your pockets and she sure he might put a couple of dollars in people's pockets. He's gonna cut taxes a little bit for people, but what else is getting? Is he gonna cut he's gonna cut services, massively he's gonna save a little bit of money by some tax cuts, mostly for the wealthiest, but it might save some people a couple dollars, but then he's gonna cut all the services that you and your family need and it's gonna cost a whole lot more. It's gonna be difficult and we've seen that before we've seen that story before right, I was with mr. Harper's exactly what he did. Mr. Schurz gonna do the same thing. So mr. Trudeau's not gonna make things better. Mr. shear is not gonna. Make things better. What other option do we have? That's all of us. That's right and I just want to say one thing on on the Green Party. You know, I know that they share our commitment to fighting the climate crisis. They both are concerned about it, but there's a really big difference for us social justice. Like we talked about health care, housing, they're non-negotiable. We don't negotiate with those things. Those are very important to us. We also very proudly: do not negotiate a woman's right to choose. So hey it warms my heart. It warms my heart to be in a room of New Democrats who'd applied so loudly to that. That's amazing. That's amazing, but we've been heard from ms/ms me from her own her own comments that she would support a shear government. She would put mr. shear a conservative into the seat of the prime minister's office. She said that and and she's also allowed anti-abortion candidates to run for her party right now. So those things are non-negotiable. For the new Democrats, you know, I've ruled out entirely. I will never work with someone like Mr Shearer with conservatives, and not only do we proudly support every single one of our candidates are proudly pro-choice, but we want to expand access to abortion services because you know how important they are and they need to be expanded and invested in so friends, I put it to you. This I'm gonna, wrap up here. Cuz I need to hear from you. I put it to this. We've got a new deal for people, a new deal for people that says we can invest in our healthcare system and expand it to ensure that everyone in our country has access to medication when they need it. If you need, if you need medication in our country, you should use your health card, not your credit card. We're gonna, expand. We're gonna in put in place a public government public insurance program to cover 4.3 million Canadians, who don't have dental coverage right away? We're gonna put that in place on day one of a new democratic government, we're going to end fossil fuel subsidies and invest our money into clean, renewable energy, we're gonna, retrofit every home and every building to reduce emissions and create jobs, we're gonna, invest in public transit and Electrify transportation. We are gonna, make sure young kids have a bright future and friends. The reason is this: people gonna ask how we're gonna pay for this. We're gonna say: how are we gonna pay for all these ideas, exactly what we're gonna do exactly what we're gonna do. That's it! That's it! But I'm gonna tell you exactly how we're gonna tax the rich, we're gonna. Do it in a very clear way. First, we're gonna, impose and put in place a super well tax. This is a tax and those who've got fortunes of over 20 million dollars. We're gonna put a tax on that I'm. Pretty sure. That's no one in this room, but even if it is I'm, sorry we're gonna tax you something yes, I can live with it you're the best. The second thing we're gonna do is we're gonna, close offshore tax havens. That's twenty three billion dollars that we're losing and the final thing we're gonna do we're gonna make different choices. I want to give you one example, one really clear example: last year mr. Kudo spent money on the following things: he gave 14 billion dollars to the wealthiest corporations in the fall economic statement just last year, so that the wealthiest corporations could buy corporate jets and limousines and the babies crying cuz. That is really that's sad. That is sad that they did that so I agree with you baby sack. He spent 4.5 billion dollars on a pipeline, and this almost is the one of the most galling things he forgave six billion dollars in corporate loans. So that's the wealthiest corporations got six billion dollars forgiven. That's almost twenty five billion dollars last year alone. Put that on one side: twenty five billion dollars our plan to cover Medi or to cover dental care for all those Canadians who don't have coverage who earn less than seventy thousand a year. That's 4.3 million Canadians. That plan would cost eight hundred and fifty six million meaning it could be paid 25 times over with the money that mr. Trudeau spent on the wealthiest most powerful. That's the matter of choices, his friends, I, don't work for the rich I, don't work for the people at the top I work for all of you, you thank you and now. Thank you very much. Now we're gonna get to some questions, so we got a mic roving around and where are the mics? We got them. Someone in the back here has got a mic: yes, go ahead right. There. People sometimes are concerned that New Democrats, overspend and over-promised. Why should Canadians and in general, and we in this room trust you to be fiscally responsible? Thank you for the question we believe in being responsible. We understand the the weight. I understand the weight that's being placed on us as New Democrats people are counting on us, so we would use very fiscal, very responsible fiscal measures to make sure we've got revenue from the wealthiest to fund programs for people not for corporations, not for the wealthiest. So we would take the budget very seriously and we wouldn't run deficits like mr. Trudeau has to pay for basically giving billions of dollars to billionaires. We wouldn't spend 12 million dollars on buying fridges for Loblaws. We we would stand that's true. We would be very responsible with making sure we have revenue to pay for the programs that invest in people and that's really the difference. New Democrats don't believe in giving billions away like mr. Harper did to the wealthiest corporations, with massive tax cuts with no strings attached and in doing so gave billions of dollars to companies that then closed their factories and ship their jobs, offshore. We're not gonna, give we're not gonna give that 25 billion dollars that I just laid out that mr. Trudeau did to the wealthiest corporations. Instead, we're gonna invest in people, that's a responsible use of our dollars and it's gonna result in better return on that investment. Because when you invest in people it builds a better country. It builds a better society when, before he was elected, Prime Minister Trudeau promised to engage in nation-to-nation relations with First Nations, which, for my understanding, is nation by nation, but seems to have moved toward a formula that suggests that if a majority of nations approve a given project, it's a green light, and so you spoke about electrification and I'm concerned about site C. That was not a green light and we've. You know we're looking at a project that now, in terms of its its length, basically almost goes up the whole length of the island. If you include the piece and the Bennett Dam leaving the people in that area, with virtually nothing and I'm wondering what would you move to stop site C, because our provincial got been DP hasn't. Thank you for the question. I appreciate it. Thank you. It's okay, we're ready for him. We have to have some tough discussions. It's important for after that. For us to have those. You know you talked about mr. Trudeau and his approach. You know it's important to point out. He said in one hand in public that the relationships with indigenous peoples was the most important relationship. He said it numerous times, and then that was his public comments and then in private at a fundraiser in Toronto, when an activist who was speaking on behalf of the people in grassy narrows a community that is struggling with mercury poisoning said what are you gonna do about cleaning up the mercury poisoning in our community? Mr. Trudeau in private said. Thank you for your to mock that person and said thank you for your donation, while the wealthy donors all laughed and jeered, and that's a really clear example of what happens in private versus what happens in public and I can and I can tell you when I look at I've been to grassy, narrows and and I've seen the people in grassy narrow suffering with mercury poisoning. But this is this is I'm talking about mercury poisoning in grassy narrows you know, but that's I know, but I'm talking about some people that are really struggling. So it give me a moment to talk about these people. That's it's a very important issue, and so those people that are struggling with mercury poisoning I can't imagine why someone would say in private to to mock people who are stealing with such a horrible issue and so for us. Reconciliation is a tough path, but it's a path that we have to be committed to, and it's gonna be. It's gonna mean that's. When we're gonna have to work hard, it means that projects can't go ahead without making sure communities have prior and informed consent, and they have to be free and prior informed consent. That's what we believe in. We also believe in the United Nations declaration, so under a new democratic government. What I wouldn't put in place is the United Nations declaration to ensure that nations are treated as nations and that indigenous communities are treated with respect and dignity. I would put that into law to make sure that any decision moving forward would never contravene those principles. Yes more hands up. We got some people in the front here. Yeah, yes, thank you. So last year it was revealed that there are over 5,000 homeless veterans in Canada, which is absolutely disgraceful. What are you going to do about it? Thank you for the question. Thank you yeah for sure. That's, a very important question, so so veterans these are. These are people that are that are putting their life on the line for us, the people that have sacrificed their whole lives, they've served for our country and they they discharged their service and then have no supports and have no protection and they're left and neglected. That is shameful. The treatment of veterans in Canada we just saw last in the last couple years they were safe. There are standards of service. That veterans should have simple things like when they request coverage for a benefit, and they ask, am I covered or not, veterans had to wait months and months to get an answer, and we looked at the budget and the budget that was set aside for veterans year after year. There was an amount that was set aside, but it wasn't spent on veterans again shameful. We've got people that have served for a country they need to have access to services, they need to have access to mental health services. They need to have timely responses and, if veterans are not housed and are not living in good conditions, we need to immediately ensure that they get housing they get supports. These are the men and women that have served us. We need at least to serve them back by ensuring that they are supported and given the services and help that they deserve and and need yeah get a mic back here. Yeah. Thank you for coming to Victoria. A lovely little city is also one of the third most expensive housing communities in the country. I have a pretty good job and I spend half my paycheck on rent and I. Don't think I'll ever save up enough for a down payment for a home. What are you gonna do to stop skyrocketing rents and increase access to affordable housing. Thank you for the question. Yeah. Thank you for the question. Yeah. It's it's a national crisis and I've met. So many people just like you who who are spending so much of their salary on on their rent- and it leaves very little left at the end of the month to pay for the other things that you need in life. It's tough for so many people and and it's an issue that we used to think was maybe just a Vancouver or maybe just a Toronto issue, but it's certainly not just a Vancouver and Toronto issue. It's Canada wide and there's a couple things that are going on. One is that there's forces that are driving up the cost of housing unsustainably. We need to get at those and we also need to build more housing. So the first part is: we know that speculation through the foreign kind of markets, foreign investors, that look at Canada as a stock market- and they say the stock market of housing. Let's just draw our money in and drive up the cost of housing. The BC government's done some really good things. They've put in place, they they've put in place a foreign buyers tax, which has been very effective in cooling the market. We want to take that another set for in the national level and put in place a 15 percent foreign buyers tacked nationally. That's gonna really have a powerful impact on making sure those housing prices don't go up. The second thing: that's driving up the cost of housing. Is money launching and we've seen a lot of reports of money launching having a massive impact on driving up the cost of housing, also fueling the drug trafficking and having an impact on the opioid crisis as well. So we need to get that money laundering and again, BC is doing some good steps. Bc government's done some great steps, but the federal government has failed. One of the things is: there's a there's, a federal money laundering department. That's set aside as a money, large anti-money laundering department that has no one working on money laundering. So why ask the question in Parliament said mr. Trudeau we've gotten a department that set aside two G with money laundering? Why isn't it that anyone's working on the actual file? I'm sure you can guess his answer? He didn't answer and I said: we've got to get at this. So what I'm committing to is investing in a specific anti-money laundering department, funding that putting half of that funding towards BC to make sure we tackle it here in BC, we need to get that money laundering, it's one of the massive drivers of the cost of housing. Once we tackle these two things alongside what we need to do is we need to build more affordable housing using these a building. So so what we're gonna do? Is this we're gonna, build half a million new, affordable homes across this country, massively invest what the government hasn't done for 30 years. We're gonna do and we're also gonna help out people who need help right. Now, people like you who are spending 50 percent of your of your salary on housing. We want to put in place a rental subsidy to help families out that need help right now, I met a woman that was forced out of her home because she was just a little bit outside her budget couldn't afford her rent and it meant she was living in a tent in Campbell River, and she said to me: you know what, if it was just me, I'd be okay, but I've got my kids as well, and to that woman I know we need to solve the problem with cooperative housing and non-market housing and invest and build them, but it's gonna take some time to build them, even if we invest all our money right away and start building those units right away, it's still gonna take some time and that woman needs help right now, and so what I'm committing is to put in place rental subsidies to help families out right now we need help. While we build those affordable units. Haiman. Sorry, I got a jet back from my break, I'm actually my coworkers are covering a longer break. So we can ask you this question. Thank you. I was like, somewhere with low-income housing, shelters, supportive recovery, illiterate and breathing life into overdosing people every fucking day, I'm, sorry for the sweating I'm. Sorry I am so tired man and the pay is not great, but the works hard. So that's nice, yeah I was wondering I've buried six of my own friends. What are you gonna do because I I'm, so tired, I've, just like CPR naloxone, so they can get up and then get more offense at all and drop again the next day and I've exhausted. What are you gonna do? Thank you. I want to know hold on hold on now. I gotta say that takes a lot of courage to share your story. Thank you for what you're doing I know you gotta run back so hold on. I want to answer this, because this is very important to me. I, the the problem that we're faced with we've got an opioid crisis and if you think about any other crisis, let's say if there was an illness that struck Canada a virus and struck Canada and thousands of Canadians were dying. Thousands of our brothers and our sisters and our siblings, our parents, the people, we love our co-workers if thousands of them were dying through an illness. You know there would be an immediate emergency response. We'd have camp set up everywhere. We'd have a mobile response in every corner. We would respond as if it was a crisis, but just because people are dying to the opioid crisis, they get neglected and ignored all right. I met, I met a woman. Just you see other day here on the island who told me she lost her dad she was in her 20s. She lost her dad to to opioid overdose. This is a real crisis and for me on a very personal, oh my dad struggle with addiction, and he was he lost his job. He lost a lot of weight. He went from being 180 pounds sturdy guy. He lost all his weight, who's down to 100 pounds and I. Remember having to clean him cuz. He wasn't taking care of himself and I lifted him up to take him to the bathtub, to wash him and when I lifted up my dad. He felt like a kid like my own dad, who you know used to lift me up. I lifted him up and he was way too young for me to lift him up and for him to be like a kid and- and he didn't have any money at the time we didn't have any money as a family. We had gone through a lot of financial difficulty and he said at the when he was at the doctors and they said you're gonna die. If he keep on doing this and just by chance, sometimes it works out that people, you know they have the hit rock bottom and he said I don't want to die, I want to live, and in that moment, if you've met anyone, that's had an addiction or mental health, and they need help. There's only a small window of opportunity and we were lucky that there was a publicly funded rehab center. That was open, there had a spot available and he was admitted and it saved his life and now he's he's healthy. But well what that reminded me with that moment, around I was lucky because there were services available. So what I'm saying is that our current approach to the opioid crisis is flawed, is failed and is wrong. Our current approach has not worked, and that means we've got to reimagine how we save lives. If our goal is to save lives, then let's do everything possible to save lives. First thing we need to immediately do is: if someone is dealing with addictions or mental health or poverty, they do not need to be criminalized. The criminal justice response is flawed. That's not enough. I mean that's. That's one bold step, that's a bold step and law. A lot of people are talking about that. I want to replace a criminal justice approach with a health care approach, but we need to go beyond, but that also means looking at the evidence and if there's any other way for us to save lives where experts can show there's evidence- and there is clear scientific proof of a way for us to save lives, we have to have the courage to look at those solutions and be willing to put them in place. I'm cannon commit to you. Whatever will save lives, I'm ready to do whatever that may be. The first step is to respond with compassion and health care, but anything else we can do. This is a crisis. We need to declare a public health emergency of right away and we need to solve this right away. We can't wait. He's got one follow-up, okay, this is really that was a really emotional thing. Give me one quick follow-up. No thank you for that by the way, I appreciate that are you willing to meet with frontline workers like myself and get the actual scoop on life day to day stuff, so that you can know not from people who like having an opinion on it, but for people who are pumping life back into these people? Are you willing to chat with us about that? Yes, I would like that yeah. You got my vote. Yes, yes, yessum! Thank you, brother Sarika. Yes, that's it go! Thank you we're lucky! In this way mode. We have one of the best MPs around who understands our talking, but as a disabled, veteran and wounded. What can your government do for us because, as it stands right now, as a service officer, I constantly get calls from guys and girls who are literally on the edge because they feel completely betrayed by this government? And it's sad because my time of service was during his father's time and he's doing the same thing he's neglecting the walking wounded and there's actually veterans out there, who won't even apply for benefits because they don't want to go through the York radical minefield, that's out there. So please thank you for the question and thank you for your service. Thank you, I'm. Sorry, you should not be treated that way and none of your college should be treated that way. That's just wrong. You know, and and I commit to you that with the new democratic government we'd, never let that happen. We know that you've got to be treated with respect and dignity at a minimum. What I've heard from some some folks who've served there used to be more access to account a manager that would have managed your file that would actually take care of. You walk you through all those different processes which are complicated. They shouldn't be, but that's why you need someone to actually help manage it, but they've been cut, Harper cut them and Trudeau continues to have those cut. We reinstate that reinstate the service, qualities, make sure that you get the care that you need. You deserve to have that at a minimum. Thank you for your service. Yes, okay load, my collar, it's natural, even though I was an NDP candidate in the last federal election for northeastern BC, I am NOT. A plant I have a question so I'm north northeastern BC oil and gas territory, forest industry, everything the resource interested in taking a tank, my community, both indigenous and non-indigenous, there's suffering people are in distress, they're, losing their homes for the price of one home down. Here you could buy six or seven in fort nelson people are hurting, they're, hurting bad, and so my question might be greeted with some boos or whatever. But the thing is, though, right now people are hurting and they used to make their living through the oil and gas industry. And the thing is yes: we want a great environment, you want that, but how do we get there? We need petrochemicals for a manufacturing process. Anything in this room, my petrochemical processes, so I want to know. What's the plan to get there, I want to know a realistic plan to get from where we are today to the point where we are we're protecting the environment without hurting our people. Thank you for the question good question. No, no! It's a very fair question and I'm glad knowing booth that, because it's a very important question. In fact this is the room where you can ask that question and you should be applauded as you were, because New Democrats believe we can't fight the climate crisis unless we make sure that no worker and the working person is left behind. That's what we believe in so so what that means is, as we want to move towards a future where we're not burning any fuel, any carbon fuel for energy. We know that there's a lot of workers in the resource sector and a lot of workers are struggling. We also know that those workers were struggling. Historically, as well, when you work in the resource sector, there's busting moves and I met with a lot of people. I met with a kid who said his dad worked in the resource sector went through busting boom, so he's like I'm gonna, go to school and get a get a degree so that it doesn't happen to me. So he went out, got an engineering degree because he's remembered his dad telling him stories about times being tough and then him losing his work and then times being good and getting more work. So he got an engineering degree went into the resource sector and I met him at the Calgary Airport. He said I'm also now losing my job and I got an engineering degree and- and the reality is, is that when we have an economy based on a on a certain commodity and it's not diverse, there is busts and booms, and so we owe it to the workers who are working hard. It's not their fault that commodity prices go up and down they're working hard. They deserve to have a good life. And so my commitment is this: our plan to fight the climate crisis has to be a plan. That also is a jobs creation plan that puts people who have talent and of skills gives an opportunity to work, and so what we're proposing is to tackle the climate crisis? We want to create 300,000 quality jobs in communities. One of our plans is to retrofit every home in every building in Canada. That means creating jobs in local communities. That's a way to create Inspira kelana me in communities. You can't offshore or send these jobs anywhere else. They have to happen in a community. We also need to make investments in communities that are hard-hit where there's instability where there's unpredictability. Those are communities that need a little extra help and Canadians. We believe in taking care of one another. So we've got to do that. You gotta do that. So this. What I'm talking about is a massive we're talking about 15 billion dollars of investment into tackling the climate crisis and a lot of that's going to go towards hiring people to fight the climate crisis. We've got a challenge. We've got a problem. It also creates an opportunity. We're gonna need a lot of people working to fight this climate crisis. We need to invest in public transit where it's applicable. We need to invest in, of course here in in Victoria. That makes a lot of sense, but in rural communities we need to invest in infrastructure to create jobs in those communities. We need better connectivity. We need better cell phone and Internet connectivity for jobs of the future. We need to make sure workers are never left behind and that's why our plan is to invest heavily in workers and in people. Starting here just want to say it's an honor to meet, see you face to face I've been following the elections said I. Think since we started I just have a couple questions I'm gonna try to keep it brief, but the first I want you to ask this to senior care. I was raised by my grandparents by a single father who worked in his own business, where a home along maintance company we've been round for 28 years. My question is my grandparents they're on pensions, my grandfather's also a veteran disabled veteran, so they spent I think for helping my sister and I like half a million dollars and as they get older now and my father too, because I'm thinking about mom my family as I get older, I'm worried really much about you know the future for the seniors. My grandma is my second mom and my god. She wish she was here right now, but unfortunately is not doing well she's having major surgery next Friday- and you know she sorry, you know my family means a lot to me and you know for yourself. You know how much family means to you and my question is: what are you gonna? Do the help, the seniors as a lot of older people now or start? You know an aging, older and the healthcare here and think not just BC, but in Canada and yeah I just want to know that. How are you gonna help the seniors and their health benefits in our country? Thank you very much. Thank you for the question. Thank you very much for friends it. This is a really big room. Lots of folks, there's, cameras and lights is tough to ask a question. It takes a lot of courage. So thank you for asking that question the stuff. So a lot like voy in this case. Thank you for your grandfather's service as well. Let him know I say thank you. Just like veterans have served and contributed so much to us and sacrificed so much for us seniors we're only here today, because of all your sacrifice, all the work you've done. You've contributed your whole life into building a better country and and you're worried about your your your grandparents, and they were like here. They were like your parents and and I can feel that passion like you're, worried about them and and you're not alone. A lot of people are worried about their grandparents because we see our parents aging. We see our grandparents aging and we know that the health care system is not always there for them, and it's scary, like we shouldn't, have to worry about that. The whole vision, the whole dream was. We had a health care system because we all believed in taking care of one another. We pitched in to the system to make sure that people would not have to worry. You wouldnt have to worry about your parents and your grandparents and that's why we've got to change. What's happened for the past, you know decades where liberal and conservatives have been cutting into our health care system. So the reason why you're afraid today is again not by chance. It's not. By coincidence there used to be a 50/50 split between the province and the federal government, and now anyone know what that split is now used to be 50/50, close 80/20, yeah 25, it's about 25 75, so provinces are now having to do with literally half of what they had before, and so naturally that means there's less funding and there's less care and the care that we need that where our loved ones need is not always there for them. Scary, and that's why I'm committing to you I firmly believe I told you my dad's story. You know we wouldn't have had care if it wasn't for the public health care system. I know so many people rely on it I believe very firmly too, no matter what you earn, no matter, whether you have a job or not, you should get the care that you and your loved one needs. Yes, okay. We only have time for a couple more so make this one count. No, no pressure, no pressure, I'm, just saying yeah sure, but no thank you for being here and I used to work in the Downtown Eastside in Vancouver, with folks that were on income assistance and a lot of them had really poor oral health because they couldn't afford regular dental care and that affected their overall health. It affected their ability to work and I'm wondering what you plan to do about dental care, because it is health care and I, don't know why we don't see it. That way. Sure thank you for the question. So true. So true, thank you very much, really good question you're. Absolutely right! It's a bit arbitrary! When you think about it, you could go into the hospital. You know god forbid, but if you need to go to the hospital you can get open-heart surgery and we can get complicated, ligament surgery. But if you had a problem with your teeth, they would give you a painkiller and send you home. How does it make any sense? And you said it so well. Your dental health is directly connected to your overall health. So it's a really illogical healthcare system. Where you can go in and get incredibly costly surgery, you can get all sorts of treatments in our healthcare system, but you can't get your teeth. Fixed, I, remember, I'm, meeting at a meeting a woman. Much like the stories you're telling me you probably have met so many people, I met a woman who came into my office in Boerne me and, and she was covering her mouth. What she spoke to me and she said I'm so embarrassed. I've lost some teeth because of a complication due to an illness that I have in a medication that I took and I couldn't afford, and so she lost some teeth and she's like I. Don't want a handout! You know I want to work hard. I want to take care of my family. I've got kids that I want to take care of I, don't need a handout. I just want to be able to fix my teeth, and she can't and so again, I look at the choices that mr. Trudeau has made. You know giving billions and billions of dollars to the wealthiest, the people at the very top and everyone else suffering and I. Look at the plan that we're proposing what we want to put in place is literally a government publicly funded insurance program for dental care. That would immediately not it wouldn't take any negotiations. This would immediately cover 4.3 million Canadians, who don't have coverage with our plan. We would give them the dental care that they need right away. I want to make this happen, I kind of get shivers when I think about it, because there's so many people that would be benefited from in this plan. We need to make this happen, so many people are counting on us and I want to make this a reality. The last question pressures on where is gonna, be okay. Hi, so living here in BC was really discouraging to see first-past-the-post not make it through the public referendum and I also have a lot of friends who maybe would vote NDP or would vote green, but feel that there's no points and they're picking between two clowns at this point. So where does your party stand and how likely do the clowns are the conservative and liberal just to clarify that's absolutely correct? Just I just wanted to sit back Jessie case, okay, yeah, so just wondering what your official stance is on electoral okay. Thank you very much. Thank you for the question. We, the important question. Thank you. So in case it's not clear. I'm, a huge fan of premier, Horgan I, think he's done a lot of great things and I think he's the NDP's a lot of great things. I think it was great to see a commitment for a referendum, and then it happened, but I was really sad with the results as well. I'm with you and so I looked at around the world and looked at different options and looked at the committee that was struck federally and the committee made it really clear that the overwhelming overwhelming majority of people in the committee that was struck federally to look at this question said that proportional representation was the way to go so I want you to all to know this. This is a commitment I'm making. This is a commitment as leader of this, of the new democratic party, a new democratic government or whatever people choose I'm running for prime minister I'm running to form government people choose now I will bring in mixed-member proportional without a referendum. I will bring it in and bring it right out and and I'll and I'll bring it in because of this I believe in giving power to people I believe the first-past-the-post system, which creates false majorities, is wrong. I believe when less than 40% of the people vote for a certain party, and that party gets a hundred percent of the power, it's unjust and it's wrong and I believe them. People are worried about who they vote for, and they have to make decisions around voting strategically. It's wrong I want people to vote their values, I'm pretty sure they end up voting for us if they did, but but I think it's really important to get power back to people and make sure that every vote counts. We'll take this last last question: Thanks! Congratulations! On being the next prime minister! Next month, Mike I have a couple quick questions. First of all, in BC you know we cherish our ancient old-growth forests, there's a lot more value in tourism. For decades recently, some has been cut down on the island, so maybe some forestry work I know for us who's hurting a little bit. Maybe some forestry workers could get jobs in the parks protecting these trees. Secondly, it takes about 20 years to grow a fort like to clear cut it again right for the fiber we're a hemp's been legal for years. Why can't? We fill these clear cuts which I wish we were selective but anyways the clear cuts that we have now we could grow four times as much fiber every year. Instead of waiting 20 years so inside in 20 years, when you cut down those trees, we could have done about 80 times as much hemp every year. That would give everyone jobs in the forestry hurt. That's hurting, and you know, as we all know, hemp's good for a fiber plywood for building clothing. It's it's medicine! It's everything! So I hear ya. Yeah I we were, we were coming down. The island and I want us, a teacher to go to k3 drew groves. Cuz I wanted to just be in the presence of a thousand year old trees and just soak in that energy. I know it's it's really. It's really threatened now, there's not very many old-growth forests left I would like to see them practive. Absolutely there yeah yeah, it's a climate emergency, absolutely right in protecting these old rogue old-growth old-growth. Forests is incredibly important. I agree with you all the way and on hemp I think you make a really good argument that it's a very sustainable product or plant. It can grow in a way. That's quick and it can also create opportunities for employment and has multiple uses. So it's an interesting idea that you bring up and I appreciate it. Yeah, okay, friends, I got the signal that time is up. I got to take some questions from the media. Cuz they've been traveling with us and it's important to be able to get the media to be able to share their thoughts or their ask questions, so they can share that across Canada. So just bear with me: I'm gonna answer: I'm gonna hang out with you right afterwards. So hang tight, we're gonna get some questions from the media. Maybe feel like my answers. You can applaud, but but we're gonna go with some questions: hi, it's Annie, Bertrand Oliver, with CTV national news back in 2017, you told fair vote Canada that you would quote, consult with caucus and advocates for the inclusion of a PR system, and that would be a condition of any alliance or support for a minority government. Trudeau has publicly stated he is opposed to a PR system. So does this mean you would not support a Trudeau minority? Considering he's not in favor of a proportional representation change, so my position is I would bring in place. Mixed-Member proportional representation, I believe in it and I would make it contingent on anyone supporting me as Prime Minister. With all due respect, your party, sorry I'm, gonna push back a little. Your party is currently it will be fair by the way they're allowed to do that. It's important your party is in a distant third and there are a lot of voters who are wondering what this would mean for them. So, given the fact that a minority government is possible with the two top party's liberal and conservatives tied in the polls, I ask again: if Trudeau's, not in favor of proportional representation, does this mean you wouldn't support him? So I want to ask you a question. I can't accept a premise that I'm not going to form government because I don't want anyone to think that I'm not running to form government. That's what I wanted to and I believe in it and it's important, but I can still answer the question. It's the same thing. It's a flipside of the same thing. I would make sure it would be a requirement as Prime Minister, in a minority setting that if a government or if a party wanted to work with me, it would be one of my important values that we put in place. Pr and I'd work for that I would say that would be a part of a negotiation. So the similar question- I'm just flipping it around if I was Prime Minister in a minority setting I, would seek parties to support me on bringing in PR, because it's so important to get people a power of voice and then ensure that their vote counts. I'm. Mr. Singh Ashley Burke, with CBC News I, actually DC's, Green Party leader, called you a hypocrite today. He said that only a few months ago you were supporting LMG here in BC and now you're talking about eliminating oil and gas subsidies. Do you think it's wrong for BC to move forward with LNG? My position is very clear on day one of a new democratic government. We end fossil fuel subsidies and we immediately invest in the clean energy of the future, because that's what we need to do. Our kids are depending on us. I also could care less what Andrew Weaver said. So does that mean? If you were elected that you would get involved to stop the LNG project, it would mean that we have federal dollars and that none of those federal dollars should go towards investing in in fossil fuel sectors. It means our federal dollars. Our public dollars should go towards clean energy. Our kids are depending on that. That is what we need to do. The energy of the future is renewable and clean, and that's where all of our public dollars need to go just a Francis is replaced only couple. Dementia Weaver is over pussy Opa Opa Opa Opa the gas, the gas leak a few Genesee come on. She disappear, come on dear I, don't care just say come on, let's just say, come on, admit it ho crude citro, aggressive medieval idea. Come gentleman kappa the circuit, Monsieur Weaver caddy on please one second ad Java, the premiere on Adrian Grenier Democrat on the annual allah subhan Shambhala sector petrol, a Mamba invested large on large on public Don energy unavailable energy pop ask a sassy come on / a leader level keeps multi global news, mr. Bahari himself. Folks, thank you for that. Jug me, but I want to I want to put on my other hat is a columnist for your hometown newspaper I'm gonna, be now and about the LNG question, because I've asked you this before and I'm gonna give you another chance to be a little clearer here. There's a lot of people in this room work for the BC NDP government, which has as its centerpiece of its economic strategy the LNG Canada project. So again, do you support the LNG Canada project and I? Ask that again in the light of Burnaby, because Sen Robinson, that your candy and Berta mera Seymour is one of the most outspoken critics of that project. I mean it's a it's a tough question: I get I, get it and it's gonna be a question that people gonna ask again and again: I can just tell you what I'm gonna do and what I would do is as a federal government I'm in the federal government position, I have the power to control where federal dollars are going and I would ensure that we're not spending any federal dollars on fossil fuel subsidies. I would not be spending our money that way. That's where I have control what I have control over and my values are this I don't believe we should be using carbon as fuel I know that the future depends on us moving to a renewable, clean energy future and that's what I want to achieve as a fall follow-up, a completely different topic, and again above the greens, we're here on Vancouver Island, where apparently they seem to be the strongest they won the Nile by election. How concerned, are you about them here on the island and will you step up and do more in terms of calling Elizabeth making the Greens out from your perspective? In terms of political criticism, thank you for the question and there is there's been a lot of talk about this one clear distinction. I can put it right on the table very clear concern, really clear distinction. I have said: I would not work with Mr Shearer or the Conservatives, because they cut services that family depend on Miz. Mae has said very openly that she would work with and put Mr Shearer effectively in the prime minister seat. I would not do that. She also and I. Just that's not negotiable she's. Also she's also allowed her. The Green Party has allowed anti-abortion candidates to run for new Democrats. Again, we do not believe the woman's right to choose is negotiable. You would not work with conservatives and women's rights issues non-negotiable. Yes, Mary Brooke from West Shore, voice news. There's a lot of hi there's a lot of NDP support on the island. It may be more proportionally through the rest of the country. What do you attribute that to people in the island know what's good for them, but honestly the the people to know that you know you need something. That's on your side! That's gonna fight for you and New Democrats have always fought for people, we're not in it for the powerful and rich we're in it for people we want to make sure, there's good health care, there's investments in housing, we care passionately about the environment and want to defend and protect the environment and fight climate crisis. So people see in us the solutions that they want for a better life and I'm, proud that they do and follow-up. How would you align yourself with the BC government if you were to form government? Would you because you like a lot of the Horgan policies, there's a lot of things that we can work together on I mean I love the pilot project on childcare in Burnaby South? It's there's a pilot project there and I've met people who families to tell me it's literally changed their life. It's transformed their life. Having access to affordable childcare means that the women that I've spoken to can go back to work with the confidence of knowing their kids are safe. Families don't have to pay that massive cost. It's thousands and thousands of dollars that they're saving which they can invest in maybe buying a home or maybe saving up for other things. They need investing in their kids future. That's a powerful pilot project that I'd like to expand because I want to see a day where we've got national childcare. National daycare across our country uncover uncommon for personal chef, disconsolate, Andrew, shear, nettle partnership or the chemos, or three bonds. Kayla stubborn calcific, a Japan's Kela compensate clear illness in Quetta, the his climatic Japan's key in a club pocket young Chris climatic is acid. Telmo Ankita, a new new company like his a necessity, the aji de Maintenon Sasebo quoi on a pupusa Kalamazoo Talman for a newly lissabon petrol year for invested on energy pop, whoever still donna.donna transport uncommon to see a movie avec the renovation, eco, energetic to liberty mo don't uncontrollability in the complaint. Ah I'm back again, I you've previously said that you're opposed to fracking. Would your government ban fracking and when so I I believe that fracking burning fuel burning coal burning carbon for energy is not the way of the future. We need to end that and move towards in a future where we're no longer using carbon for fuel at all. Our future has to be clean and renewable energy and I'd be putting all my energy all my efforts at the federal level to achieving that goal, but but one I don't know how how quick that would happen. I would put all my effort since you're doing it right away. I put all my energy into putting all the investments we can towards complete clean and renewable energy. This is something that needs to be done yesterday. It needs to have been done a long time ago, but I'm gonna use all my energy and all my resources for the future to ensure that that's where we go and that's what we get done as quick as we can you're running to become Prime Minister. Should you be joking about the impeachment of the US president I wasn't joking. Thank you very much dress. Thank you so much. Thank you. Everybody! Thank you. Thank you. I just want to say thank you. Everyone who came here tonight I also want to give a big thank you to jug meat again. It has been incredible to have him here tonight, but also to have him at the climate strike, and you know I just think that this is so important. We have seen leadership from these young people and it is incredible to have a leader who will stand in solidarity with us with them and please everyone a big hand for jug meat, Singh.