Oh, hey, Bonjour, c'est toujours and pleasure pramada Lavinia a Quebec. They say: - Jean, on earth, pramada on tirade, the no Candida a candidate, the Lucretia; merci, the porteño pleurovac oat on the fear, teh a determination. Merci beaucoup, losing carne avec fear, Tayla, tradición de blue Oh Quebec civil servants on Felicity Don Ciccio la people don't remove on depose a in bulton the vote for de cd-key, former ha the Prussian government du Canada, so vaudeville seed, a seed, a supposedly continued a Aviva Donal Angeles Phoenix. Here a shock for anymore a cause. They tax today, simple the distant low who, supposedly about blue nonvascular posh the production, diverter posh class and not so plant compound in base Depot pour tous permit on a couplet. The revenue moyen de column is a with sauce encanta la la faintly TPS de facto. The draw in the show fash in credit, a pope or the transport oncoming, their prom, attire and Fermi. The cat will take on amis ages. Camille de la Reed will impose like only the maternity metal disk, a cat milder than a posh de nouveau pair home in credit in Pope, or a condition physic this on for permit Oh, apparently Mariska mil de la augmentation Duke ready on rely on hazel dilash, Sookie benefice la la'. Please oppose any approval of revenue if a dannion couplets can cross on the law. Incredi depot pooh-bah attained route, wah mill, wits and allow for the renovation, vet or a potassium, and for me Quebec was the cattle person bientot sink elephant Lenny in Nouveau gue remote consult, a conservator or her. Let me predict a thermal thanks, Angela, don't say: posh, Lennox, yonder, Lindy, impression, Val secant will be a determine a dunk Elvis or Canada news alone, vivre or cool depression. Any come premier, minister jerec invoke a in conference. The premier minister de Provence, a territoire, the SIS janvier DeMille main for jet, a labels. The nouveau depe Paulo Federation Canadian Salafi party do programmed acción de song, premier, jordan, otra government la priority. The settler Union Sir Alec lee seo-jin very table marche the liberation al interior, the net worth pay, the pre entertain Danny the government currently on three grand party, the government conservative. On conclude this a core benefit: the Liberals, a Davis dismal that accrued insane contender, pay so to the continent. May new novel jean-luc, a libre natural commerce enter here, the Millia, the Bali, a the leg limo in the complication capella leaves no proper product or investiture, a traveler ultra situation around salon, totally brochures Antoinette repay a loony on European, certain company, European, won't beneficiated, except blue facile. A certain Marseille Canadian could accompany the lab province was in a across this protectionism. Interior new penalize own natural economy, lafawn monitor international power example. Esteem cannot reproduce interior brew of motor hair, the cat person, ooh cattle, Ave, Maria de la Seon, eliminate, say: berry a commercial, a nouvelle génération on the premier, ministre provincial, a territorial, a platter travail, a vaca Nouveau government federal for Donnie or Canadian Canadian. The nouvelle possibility the development economic donor proper pay, a lower. The said premier reunion, federal provincial, the Prime Minister news alone prove or determine a comma UJ Seon Hwa une regular monkey on travel Commerce a to provincial dois, etre Nupur home NC nudie bar si then grown on Brad exception, an Aloha greg, lemond TVs Estrella, certain activity, provincia, the like competition interprovincial, who father is a in disgust, yong-su new, a ordinated Supraja the liberation interprovincial given ami and minister du commerce, interprovincial dollar responsibility so had daily daily negotiation. Then telecall a Sammy's on earth, natural approach, aha, hmmm, Kippur, negotiation, decor commercial internist, you know effect a delegation. Oh it is negotiator. Professional lol, Cielo play suit en la plan at accion to gue remote federal within the first 100 days of a new Conservative government. I will convene a first ministers meeting on January 6th 2020 in Ottawa to start the process of breaking down interprovincial trade barriers and negotiate a truly free trade agreement between the provinces that will create jobs and opportunity from coast to coast. These barriers prevent the free flow of people, goods and services across provincial borders. They make it more expensive to run a business. They hurt consumers with higher prices and less competition and they discouraged and frustrated reaming innovators who want to change the world. We are missing out on a whole new frontier of opportunity and prosperity. The International Monetary Fund estimates that eliminating interprovincial trade barriers could add eighty billion dollars to Canada's GDP. This is incredibly frustrating think of all the people we could lift out of poverty and help get ahead in life if we simply got government out of our own way and I will appoint a minister of interprovincial trade, whose sole job will be to lead these negotiations on my behalf and oversee the implementation of a new trade deal. It should not be easier to trade with other countries than between Canadian provinces. We are one free country. We should have one free market loan, Daniel Lee québécois on plea- and this is important- so I sell Delia Nouveau governor mo al assemblee nationale a dumb way instrument. They kept a cooperative envoy at Ottawa in Google mark conservator. He compro, like reality: Quebec was a Kiva pratik, a in federalism, the collaboration she try out the host of all the premium in this logo: Ottawa pork along twist Symmetra ultra by mushy logo, a more avant de trouver and Terry. Don't answer! Please your dossier! Don't report a poll in it give her a mere a Lakota, the end to Lake Iroquois, you some of see des cours la reacción de Fazio, mue, entre, Quebec la vie, a mangu governor masaha in partner phenols, here to set a important project. German gosh Eagleman attract less attentive a to the proposition keeper her permit le déluge a the far dollfie skaldak iroquois it along so ability. Canadian canada was built on the idea that it is possible to achieve a common prosperity, while also preserving local identities of language and belief and self determination, and it must continue to guide us in the second half of our second century and beyond. First canada's first Prime Minister Sir John McDonald once said everything is to be gained by Union and everything to be lost by disunion. Sadly, the wisdom of our first Prime Minister is lost on our current one. Canada needs a new approach and for that it needs a new government in 1861 with Confederation still six years off in the distance MacDonald said of Canadian Union, we are a great country and shall become one of the greatest in the universe. If we preserve it, we shall sink into insignificance and an adversity if we suffer it to be broken. Some 158 years later, I stand before you to say that I am ready to stand for our union and to reimagine it for the 21st century. I will work with the provinces in the same spirit of open federalism. Our founders, envisioned and I will work tirelessly to tear down trade barriers between provinces and territories that have held captive our nation's potential for far too long. Only then can we unleash Canada's true and limitless potential, so Canadians from coast to coast can get ahead. Come premier, minister, Javad father he's a late, ably small, their last regular year, Armon years, a productive on tomorrow. I shall we do Quebec it Attili province. They territoire do Canada for a TV, save it like a quiet kappa quasi up with the Canada it Canada people off air party do not recover motel ooh mama, OC promted in at least one song. Second or second play that conference du Quebec. He opposed a labels. The Federation Canadian reboiler Nacional Quebec, was poor on proceedings below it along say that collaboration on to play province, Canadian malgré, LaBelle, paroled, the song chef, LeBlanc, new pepper from Class A state pseudo, a new Cervantes, the block that travail avec leur parti québécois de l'ile on domaine de Larroque, co mm j confuse canoe, proven new Danny on government conservator. He tried to leap province from the partner Akiva on Danny proofs, pour vous demande Oh. Merci beaucoup. Thank you very much. Ab degree courses, module Mr, Shearer panel coastal leadership, sati premier, the de pétanque complete sonar service, delivered SVC had to Canada, not a company. Meniscus tear convert a second cabman jerkwad on the patio, canada or a szerik noticed, while metrical tool at protege OC poor to lay person TV donation. Only quaint I get the tool acquainted with the paper wax add a little value shows comes out. Alarm continue a the investor. Don't I do Canada ready completion. I come GD turn back on by meet near Sedona to a platform of a meet nearly latest dismount on the patio calendar schwa Antony coalition, liberal NPD in majority conservatives, Papa broken physically genetic of the breakfast sound Irish were curious, say cracker, say Solman and government conservator keep equilibrium. Buju read wheel. Li simple, a wrongful levy to avoid a platoon is ultra party quad on the ground deficit to little party valve are anomalous. On the day pants a in augmentation the example pull up a say, Solman neutral party keep her round. Reviewable develop alacrity losses, a lush wash why prickly Apple the Canadian dollar said: Daniel cement in guru, more conservative majority key valid, really simple. Let's say: blue - rondalee posh the Canadian Carondelet vehicle abbadabba, who in GU room on the coalition after a limp a day. The Houston Kudo give augment ill example. A a circular. We could push air through Canada and smarten. Look a bit quite a levy. Chancellor DVD Lee conservative and he's going to prove all about the millah DV loss give Zoe Tina no pussy only complete money until he's capable of depandi may I, say to for the same complete before Sinatra government conservator key as Erick Davy, who Lacan clap or last Eric's a in the premier decision we should just tend to do is a the fair say, their annual a second track, avec la fair, Norman and I'll, say Claire for say: Claire Paula québécois came across a naturopathic here to show up with a basis, so moniker party cool they can use. Any sequel was accomplished. No call the Caddy on health and poor Quebec Luca daily augmentation, the the normal it a contract for Debbie, a glass, a natural gas and at concentration, so so Davey a Jochen Alessandro who serve other Monsieur Brown Shep, SK, effective, visual deputy the blocks of as you requested, or less compliment, - a say, clerk, Devine and overpower the ma'am exec sue and government conservator good morning, Mr Shearer Stephanie Levites from The Canadian Press. What's wrong with the current free trade agreement that exists between the federal government and the provinces signed in 2017? Well, when you talk to different manufacturers and producers of all different types of products, there are still many hurdles. There are still many barriers. You can have a product that is inspected provincially. That then has to go and get inspected by another province after it it flows through there. There are still many hurdles on the regulatory side as well, so those are the types of things that we will be looking to eliminate to apply standards all across the country. If it's, you know, if I can eat something that was produced in Saskatchewan and inspected in Saskatchewan, but if I cross over the border into Manitoba I can't that doesn't make much sense for consumers and so we're going to ensure that there can be free flow of goods between the provinces, that's good for consumers, it's good for our businesses as well. The second question under a Conservative government. Would you make any changes to the current Supreme Court justice nomination process, and would you consider formalizing the current deal between the Trudeau government and the province of Quebec around the specific selection of judges from here? We will always work with the province of Quebec to ensure that its place in in Confederation is, is respected and protected, and- and we will we'll follow the normal course for appointing Supreme Court justices, all that to respect de leur col du Quebec tone that to a confederation, oh, yes, Eric Quebec, mmm aspect is not a course approach. You are normally lady Anya sound second with second, with respect, a the process was actual for normally leisure hi. Mr. shears anniversary Oliver, with CTV national news. Historically, a party has not been able to form government without Ontario and/or Quebec. Your party is currently polling at a distant third in Quebec. An antenna and Ontario is more divided than ever before. With three strong parties, I'm wondering how you think you can form a majority government without strong support in both provinces. We are going to win seats all over this country, we're going to win seats in Quebec, we're going to insist in Ontario that we that we haven't held before very optimistic about our the results on October 21st, because the choice is becoming more and more clear and Canadians now see that there is only one party there's only one leader who will sure that life becomes more affordable. There is only one leader that will bring us back to balanced budgets and put an end to these endless deficits that are raised that are leading to tax hikes and threatening our social services, that is the Conservative Party. There is now a clear choice between our party and an NDP liberal coalition, which will raise taxes, kill jobs, drive out investment and cancel big projects. I know, Canadians won't want that to happen, and that's why I'm very optimistic for October 21st and on the tone of the election. This campaign so far seems to be more negative, with more personal attacks that we've seen in years. What do you think about the tone, and why do you think it does appear to be more harsh? This time around well, when you look at the types of negative campaigns that Justin Trudeau and his team, we're running, I believe a lot of that. You know a lot of that comes from from the attacks that liberals have made. Remember. It was the Finance Minister Bill Morneau, who called our deputy leader a Neanderthal. It was it's just just yesterday, Justin Trudeau's top adviser tweeted out a picture of me shaking hands with a construction worker wearing a safety vest and making a link to racists, I mean that's just despicable and Justin. Trudeau has yet to apologize for that or order his top adviser to to apologize for that. He has basically insulted everyone who has to wear a high-visibility safety vest to work. Justin, Trudeau and his team are now lumped in with races, I mean that is despicable and disgusting, and that is, and the tone comes right from the top hi good morning. Christy Kirk up with The, Globe and Mail I just wanted to ask you. Turkey is ignoring the threat of US sanctions and is pressing on with its attacks against Kurdish fighters and civilians in Syria. What is your assessment of the kayvyun government's decision to halt exports? Military exports to Turkey well, I would first of all say that I believe that it was the wrong decision to leave the Kurds to on their own after they have fought beside us and our allies singing the fight against international terrorist groups. We would expect that any member of NATO would live up to international law and respect human rights, and- and you know in these early days of this conflict, we would certainly follow the same type of course of action. We allow Oquawka Synovus. This is yonder less a no Lily crude, a practical act. You take control terrorism, a global affection knows, ally a new one later on tonka in marble, yellow team by respectively the walk. There is a truman, la loire, international and just on another matter. Your platform does not explicitly refer to race and diversity, but it does refer to francophones as minorities. Why is that? We will always stand up for the human rights of all Canadians, regardless of their faith, their background, their sexual orientation, their race, their their Creed. We will always uphold, as we always have is the this is the party of the Bill of Rights. This is the party of John Diefenbaker. This is the party that has always supported an open, inclusive immigration system that welcomes people from all over the world. Sahih DC mr. Blaney, my family killed in the panic, WAPA Calloway event. They are led him, not Wow, boo-boo, pasta, club event. They are led to mean a 12 news event: a 2-0 Claire's, a lab em positional, the the solar premieres of the State Election Code. We say Papa intervene here, Don said cassy say a indecision on Daisy, Luke, Kubic, say packard, shows, come infamous Weaver or Nebo Federer was that the absolutely mopper coupons I'm a guest, my guest on CSK parsley. Do you think, do you and Russia, or think that bill 21, the law is discriminatory s kevvuu kekaa ly leads, cannot walk our exemplar. We will not feel it. So this is a case is now before the courts in Quebec and and we will not intervene in this case. This is not something that we would pursue at the federal level. Mr. Sherr Michael Qatar with global national just again, you've invoked NDP, liberal coalition, jug needs saying, walked it back yesterday, saying he's not looking for that kind of a coalition. Why do you continue to stoke these fears for voters that there will be a coalition when at least one of the parties has said, that's not happening well, he hasn't ruled it out, and he you know he hasn't withdrawn or retracted his statements he did and well he it's quite clear that that the NDP and liberals will work together to implement high deficit high tax government and it's quite clear that Justin Trudeau would pay any price to stay in power. So when we look at the NDP platform and we look at their massive deficits and the tax hikes to go along to pay for it, they need to be honest with two Canadians, exactly which taxes will go up exactly which big projects in this country they will cancel and contains, have a right to know that they also know that this choice and the choice in this election is now crystal clear. Every other party wants to run massive deficits and raise taxes to pay for it. We are the only party that will get back to balanced budgets, so we can lower taxes and put more money in the pockets Kings. That is a crystal clear choice. Now now polls are showing that either way we're headed to a minority government. You've already said: you're not going to have a partnership with anybody all of the parties say they they're not going to partner with you. How is this sure government gonna get anything done in a minority situation? Well, we're gonna get a majority government in a minority situation. Sir I'd, like you to answer that question. We're gonna get a majority government and you know you can I'll leave it to others and pundits and analysts to speculate. My job in the next six days is to go. Get that majority government. That's exactly what I'm going to do say say: pull a Liz an enlisted of the fairly speculation mouthal mark responsibility in the Ghanaian government measure, Hotel event in October. It's a survival affair. Good morning mr. schirra, yesterday, on average CBC News, would you change the equalization formula to address Jason, Kenny's and Alberta's concerns, so it you know the Liberals locked in the equalization formula for the next five years without any consultation with provinces. I understand the frustration in West, Canon, Alberta and Saskatchewan. When we see big energy projects that could create thousands of jobs and untold prosperity not just for western provinces, but for all Canadians when we see Justin, Trudeau's inaction or mismanagement leading to the cancellation of those types of projects or the massive delays. I understand where that frustration comes from I do think there are some things in the short term that can be addressed, for example, the lag between real-time economic data and and the changes that flow from that that that can take several years for the economic situation of a province to trigger changes in the equalization formula. I think that, given the type of world we live in now, where we can, we have access to to that information much more quickly. That's something that that we can. That can be addressed. So those are some of the initial steps. So I think the focus for premier Kenny and for Western compromises is to get our energy sector back on its feet and, in your view, do you think Kobach gets too much equalization money. You know right now. I believe that the premier Legault shares the same goal that my former premier Brad Wall, had, which is to get Quebec off of equalization, to create the types of conditions where there can be the economic growth and the jobs that come along with it to not need Equalization and I am prepared to work with Premila go to do achieve exactly that. Yes or no, do you think they get too much money I think the focus has to be getting off of equalization, not needing equalization. That's the focus. That is where there will be much more productive work done between the federal government and the parents or government, and that is exactly what I will do on. Firstly, as you secular, clear tape or mr. Lugosi, the the the trainer position in the PAP was between the paragraphs. So Jessica coming on to Saskatchewan is on a tape, a fear. The Abbas wind Lipari quasicrystal mm Kerry Co Quebec, a more priority, see the travail avec premier ago, por la croissants economic good morning, mr. chair Katie, Simpson CBC News, a couple of weeks ago after the first French language debate, you told reporters that personally on the issue of abortion, you are pro-life, but if you form government that you will protect a woman's right to, you won't open that issue. That's not somewhere you're going given I'm curious. If that's your same approach to the issue of same-sex marriage, given that you've been asked numerous times throughout this campaign and even before this campaign about whether your position has evolved from 2005, you have said that other people who are saying the same things that you are saying at the time in the House of Commons, you said you will protect the law as it stands, but you've never said either way whether you actually personally support same-sex marriage. So do you take that same approach that you take to abortion or you personally are against it, but publicly and professionally will support it. Is that your approach to same-sex marriage? Do you personally not support it? But promise not to touch it if you are elected, prime minister, as you know, at the time that I was first elected, there was a debate before Parliament and indeed before Canadians. There were two elections that where this was an issue before Keynes and I represented the views of my constituents and my own views at the time and society has moved on and I have moved on that doesn't answer my question. So do you do you part well, but the question is: do you take the same approach into this social issue that you do with abortion, where you say, okay personally, I am NOT for this, but as Prime Minister I won't go near. It is that your approach to same-sex marriage I take the approach of protecting the rights of all Canadians. All kids, including LGBT Canadians I'll, always defend their rights and defend the law. So is that yes, I will always protect the rights of LGBT Kane's and ensure that they have access to marriage and and and protect a lot as it stands. Mr. shear cottony, the tarty nacional, a strict rule, Lily be a mere communication at Anzac Sharon, but her plan yeah, the Gaussian scalar finance, Murphy, Daryl, Paul project transport to China Quebec, the swap over differs annually infoproviders point du Midi are Dada a llama question: asker sieve zero, formal plank venomoth. We again at circum Selleck con sniffing ah still approach a mile out of the imperative media. Other dollar. We are sick compliment folks. You know term Assange or party liberal on the GFL in engagement. A pro me, the continuing to late project, quiete approving a response. A class a week on asterik Supraja adversarial is a donnelly. Mendeley. We sustain another engagement shock shock project. Yet they approve akia day is a signature of the the to lady voter good mo on vac respect day on the continuing effects, a project avea and before I apply Co curly puppy minute Consuela go the party demonlord I, said campaign electoral, loser, newbie or conservative, or profits bloc, québécois cinnamon, poorly Prime, Minister shock party added the shack province, the Honduran in aleksandr su lavelies anarchy, song, import on the dollar profits. Respectfully lady demanded mr. Liguria, both good, don't say it's on this corner. It is a do it properly. The fair come in so appalled. They pull a little scam. Sir, a logitech revive act machine ago elevator at all Masonic estimate, al Mr, Shearer, so Hodgins Gadhafi energy 6fd, proposes a deal of this at campaign. Just weaken fee on to lay prevents really see a vacant corridor. Energetic, compare really silicon project release on plucky kiella questions, economic. It's a lot recycler, secular bloc, québécois, ver, Monsieur, Brown, shot I made the plate on the amid the plate hundred well the mayor. Amid the missile ago, mr. lagana papers went amiss approach at Ottawa, say: clerical, the Lord Mayor police election, the block back travail avec, leur parti québécois pollute a controversial ago, Pascal sampler, they say in Nouveau referendum, so sickly, a la película quad cab across silvina cap, require came across very well in in government, have a clay deputy O'toole the tablet. The decision select but silly politics, Ella party conservator keeper, represent a lake of a quad keyboards allure interval. So it's very clear that Monsieur blonde shets priority is not to be miss. Youla goes best friend. It is to work with the party pet quad, the day after the election, to revive the the sovereignty movement and work towards the second referendum. Another referendum, sorry- and it's quite clear that if Quebecers want their members are part of it to be around the decision-making table than it is the Conservative Party that can represent their issues and defend their interests good morning, Chris Lu from the National Post twice this morning, you've promised to be the the Prime Minister would stand up for all of Canadians rights and then again this morning, you've promised not to stand up for the rights of Quebecers were affected by bill 21. If you become Prime Minister, it can't be both. Can it, as I said, our position on this has always been the same. This is a decision taken by the assembly I, see now and is now before the courts at the same time as due respect, provincial jurisdiction, you're planning, to bring back the office of religious freedom to intervene on behalf of religious minorities in foreign jurisdictions is bill. 21, not the kind of law that you envision the office fighting in other countries. As I said, this is a decision that was taken by the assembly and elected representatives of Quebec and we're not going to intervene in this case. Good morning, mr. chair Juliet, page CBC, Quebec I'd like to hear you on the GNL Quebec pipeline and terminal project in the saguenay this morning. There's a group of 40 economists who assigned a letter opposing the project. Earlier this summer there was a group of 150 scientists also opposing the project. Both argue that replacing coal by natural gas in other countries is no longer the way to go in 2019. So I'd like to ask you: how would a Conservative government take into account those expert opinions and and that science, when it comes to to supporting and approving fossil fuel projects, I believe it's self-evident that if we can export our natural gas and other countries have access to that and are able to replace their coal-fired electrical plants? Or there are other sources of energy that that's better for the environment? And that's precisely why our environmental plan that takes the climate change fight global, recognizing that we extract our natural resources in at the highest environmental standards and when the world has more access to Canadian energy, it means that they're not burning dirtier coal, that they're not buying oil and gas from regimes with terrible human rights records. So I believe that projects that can attain those very high standards should be allowed to proceed. That's actually a fair say, say we don't seal a total pile opportunity. There I stayed another energy, properly gas, natural, it per home, plus a li-listen 12 as a solar shaaban, because it seemed you prolong for your mom's to save a sample. I can not to the plan for long FEMA and expect it aspect Mondial at all News News along to show up really project keeper attained lately, neva or Vermont health close anyway I, say a sincere poornathwa economy. I actually ask you the same question when it comes to the third link here between Quebec City and Levy, all the experts here Urbanists, who have spoken out publicly about it say this is not what we need to do in 2019 we have to go toward public transit and not toward building new roads. So I'd like to know why you're supporting the project before actually knowing, although the results of the studies that are that are in motion right now, I'm supporting this project, because I know that people of the city of Quebec want this project. It's quite clear, and we know that the work done between the city and the province will ensure that the third link will will adhere to very high environmental standards and will ensure that it's built in such a way that respects everything from fisheries to the water. We know that so in order to help improve the quality of life for Quebecers, for the people of the city of Quebec to shorten commute time, so they can get home to their families quicker. We will support this project. The work will be done by the municipal and provincial levels and then the federal government will be there as a partner and I should add. It's only our party that supports Bosnia -, a sumo, the particle system work on criminals. Keeper really say that was evening. - lays out party some counter that was in Emily. We allow new job. We support a passkey, they John de la ville de Quebec. At we said Roger in V revoir. In closing, Emily poor Fred will tone dollars automobile a new servant for engagement. Come up. We truly project come sir, they say so more more say: Somali party consumers say suddenly deputy conservator keeper, really they said, project maximal work as multi level. - hope you are clear: Lee, Lee, Zak or avec leur avec poor, determine LF. You know, small somebody saw the lately Princip in patent area until a different evil. Just we confuse the business case vittala a on valve regarde le chiffre, the cecilia, successful sucia de negocio me on that on that respect, de lai laily plaintiff traditional opala guru, more fidelity, pathetic Pascal cyclical Lagoon, among municipality mom, promised a new pair pay ho revolve in project responsible and over a survey that call a poor really. They said project constantly lisanna gas message, m, MZ, t IV, full application case a tiger. As my lover who say they know that I document it says it's important for later on the Quebec people in government municipal, the the the deserve all the certitude Allah New Zealand Iike, on a respect, a leap project on the day today approve a a me OC, / circulatory me particular Haley's AOC.