Do something over here for a sec good morning. Everyone thank you for joining us this morning. It is a really great pleasure to be back on Vancouver, Island and I'm really happy here to be here with our great Vancouver Island team, Jamie, Hammond who's the candidate here in a squat Saanich, silk, also Blair Herbert Nikki, McDonald, Ryan, Windsor, Jonah, Gowans, Peter, Schwartz, off and Michelle Kaur field, my friends in every election. We get to make an important choice about the future of our country. We get to decide what kind of future we want to build together. In 2015. After a decade of failed conservative policy, Canada's economy was flat. Economic growth, job creation, wage growth all were stalled thanks to a Conservative government that believed cuts and austerity were the answers to everything. Canadians chosen, new team that was willing to invest in people and in their communities. We know that, even though we live in the best country in the world, better is always possible and while there's more work ahead of us than behind us, we spent the last four years moving forward and we've got the record to show for it. Poverty is weighed, unemployment is at historic lows and job creation is way up, and it's because our team rejected conservative cuts and austerity and chose instead to invest in the middle class and people working hard to join it. Onami pleasure, nani party Canadia embezzle example, la classe, moyenne, augment a serger Pazhani pradesh unadulterated, avoid a shekel millionaire poor, compress Donny press ofme, mono pocket on plus salami keys, jangling door. Sampler super here, demolisher on our Effendi, more on Avenida Sheila, Lena, a guarantee on access, privilege and entrepreneurship report on patent, our connection, a uni POC Lula protection, ESMA la certitude, Damian auditor, Jeanie on a half of Silla regime de pasión, Vasco da syrupy Camilla note new zany, the reservoirs Ryan holiday boo momentum on conserve Lana, -, Ophir soft collar rest. Prop, he canoes cool dough, rests ooh new new dev. Oh the plans were Swan donut, Randy Ranma. He knew the devil so - and knows alpha. These kinds of investments are making a real difference in people's lives, and this fall Canadians once again get to vote for the kind of Canada they want to live in. We've all got a choice to make keep moving forward and build on the progress we've made or go back to the politics of the hardware years, the Conservatives like to say they're for the people, but then they cut taxes for the wealthy and cut services for everybody else, but as Canadians. Well, no that's the wrong approach, because you can't cut your way to prosperity. That's why we chose to move Canada forward by investing in families, workers and communities by having faith in Canadians in four short years. Canadians have created over a million jobs. We negotiated new health accords with the provinces and territories. The new Canada Child Benefit is helping parents with hundreds of dollars tax-free every month and we've lifted 900,000 Canadians out of poverty, including 300,000 kids. We know there's still lots more work to do. One thing I hear a lot from young people here in Victoria is that they can't even imagine buying a home right now owning a house should be a realistic life goal. It's where you set down roots where you raise a family where you grow old, but young people hoping to buy their first home. Just like their parents did a generation ago are facing a tough housing market. That's why, earlier this year, we launched the first new, first-time homebuyers incentive, which provides Canadians with up to 10% off the purchase price of their first home. We took a big step in the right direction, but we know a lot of people are still struggling, especially in places like Victoria or Vancouver, where the cost of housing has skyrocketed due in part to housing speculation by foreign owners. So today we're announcing that a new Liberal government will expand the incentive to give even more help to people living in Victoria, the Greater Vancouver area and the Greater Toronto Area. In those markets, we will increase the value of a qualifying home from approximately $500,000 to nearly $800,000 and we're also sending a message that Canada is not a place for those who wish to speculate in the housing market to tackle the effects. Port foreign speculators are having on the affordability of homes in our biggest cities. We will also introduce a modest 1% annual tax on residential properties owned by people who are not Canadian and do not live in Canada and that's on top of local taxes already in place. I want to make it clear, though, that Canadians living abroad or permanent residents in Canada will not be affected in any way we're doing this because we want our markets to stay stable and affordable. Now conservatives talk a big game about making life more affordable for Canadians these days, but let's not forget that they voted again the first time homebuyer incentive when they had the chance under a Liberal government. We will continue to invest in families while finding new, innovative solutions to the challenges facing Canadians, because at the day, at the end of the day, politics is about people. It's about you, maybe you're, a recent grad or a new Canadian or maybe you're, raising your kids or living your golden years out in retirement. Whoever you are. You deserve a real plan for the future. We've done a lot these past four years, but the truth is we're just getting started. Canadians have an important choice. To make. Will we go back to the failed policies of the past, or will we continue to move forward? That's the choice, it's that clear and it's that important I'm from moving forward for everyone, particularly then Nestle to the moon. Just your CPV! Your opponents are all in Toronto preparing for a debate tonight this at the beginning of this campaign. Did you not think it was worthwhile are worth your time to be there to debate them just because the campaign is starting. I know that you're gonna be at a debate on the 7th, but that's three weeks from now did you think that it was wise to wait three weeks before you debate your opponents? I am very much looking forward to the three opportunities we'll have during this campaign to debate with the other leaders. I think there are really important choices for Canadians to make really important conversations to have, but I'm also really really happy to be here on Vancouver Island this morning to meet with families like Lisa and gray and others, and talk about what we're doing to make life more affordable for Canadians later today, I'll be in Kamloops and after that in Edmonton tonight, and the opportunity to get out across this country speak with Canadians and listen to them and talk about how we're going to build a better future for everyone and how we're going to choose a better future for everyone. Is that the core of what this election is all about? For me and I'm, going to keep doing that? This is about today's debate and you're. Not there. I am very much looking forward to being in Edmonton tonight, I'm very happy to be here in Victoria today very happy to be continuing to talk with Canadians and, of course, I. Look forward to the opportunity to debate against my fellow leaders in the three occasions that we'll be we'll be doing in this campaign morning. Teresa Wright, Canadian Press. You said in the past that as a practicing Catholic that you are personally opposed to abortion, do you still hold that view? My view and they've been very very clear about it is that every woman in Canada gets to choose what she does with her own body with her own reproductive rights, no one can force a woman to choose when or with whom to start a family. It is her choice. That is my core conviction, and that is how I have actually led government over the past four years and ensured that every single candidate running for the Liberal Party agrees that defending women's rights and women's right to choose is unequivocal. For the Liberal Party, we proclaim a playoffs - seeker. Hood fan, al agua, - Wazir Khan have a kike Massey, infamy - tree farm Canada de Vivar access services, while reproductive la víctima y dama pour moi city, larger kitchen, choirs, -, papa hood, whadda, fam, Missy, -, serious political supremacy as Larry Tooley candied apple apart CD barrel, so Suzuki Rock Kevon - need wha, -, OH, - Tom. Why should it matter to Canadians what the personal views of politicians are on abortion when they have committed not to reopen the debate, as both you and Andrew Shearer have done in English and in French? Please I think I've been extremely clear that my position is that every single candidate for the Liberal Party of Canada will always as MPs or ministers or whatever defend the women's rights unequivocally. That is a choice I made and it's a choice that is extremely important, not in the abstract, but in the concrete to millions of women across this country. They need to know the their leaders will be there to defend their rights. That is something that I've made clear on and I think is up to Canadians to determine whether or not other leaders have been equally clear. Captain Levi, Clara's, Canadian soul admits que la mujer en importance is my exhibit Andrew popliteal achozen Appel, a level 5. We Aveda monitor Narsha extrema important for not repeat, Renata extremist and subdued Fanny key terrain, the rafflesia residual rnv, her mama extreme of personnel, extrema important, a little Josie colleague of a Hamid. What who V logistically entre la protección de l'avenir hab illa respect dad wha Yeshua, decent video, it Hadley ascetically Authority quelque chose de Tredici, a una, caja vaca grand overture effect on continued evolving discussion, accompli Nanako su laplacian, the top kala governor Devlin Antony, as Nivola a la vida, no news alone, Lear attend Sigma lachemann, the said cool have underground no question. This is yummy / -, sir of Shashi, a varsity key label, a Zachary of a keg and virtual effect and equals one friend the soprano see so kamoko a potato family eraser question 1. When it comes to medical assistance in dying. We recognize that this is a deeply personal, extremely important choice. The Canadian families often need to go through. That is why I feel that the government's responsibility is to establish the balance in the right way between two very important competing responsibilities: that of protecting our most vulnerable and, at the same time respecting people's rights and choices. Getting that balance right was very much what we worked on over the past 4 years with our bill on medical estar law on medical assistance in dying. We always knew, however, that there would be a continued evolution and reflection in the courts and in society about the next steps to take, and we welcome the fact that the court has pronounced itself on this. We look forward to reading very carefully the court judgment to decide what our next steps will be, but we will always look to strive that right balance between respecting people's rights and protecting our most vulnerable oconee VUCA defied on lookers, a new archetype Rosati pop Janesville birthday, Jodie Wilson rebaudiana to jovica new cassette, a unit at important donut, repeat the decay approach in rural Utah, delayed Mitch kalamu here munna to zero. You see, dickerson le palais des animaux colossus, ET le valley, weak these Mamluk or Lamar's Alan's and Mary Fisher honk off Plaza, different fashion disaster, really Kiba leaky, labor le bon entre lead wha the designs, video developer, schwa, illa protection, deep ravine Iran, a simple Sakana Korea began to veer to get the attention on Michelle's, Elio, The, Globe and Mail Jody, Wilson, Raybould and Jane Philpott. Want you to step in and waive cabinet confidence. So they can speak to the RCMP about potential obstruction of justice shouldn't these two former senior liberal ministers be given be able to give evidence to the police without being muzzled by cabinet confidence. We actually took an unprecedented step in giving out a waiver that allows for all matters all issues relating to this matter to be discussed at committee to be investigated to be followed up on. This was something that we did. That is unprecedented, because we know that it was important for people to be able to examine what happened in this matter and that's why we took that step and yesterday you said you respect decisions made by professional public servants, namely the decision of the clerk to deny RCMP access to witnesses and cabinet documents. Why did you not respect the professional decision of the Director of Public Prosecutions to deny an out-of-court settlement with SNC Laughlin? Why the double standard, the job of a prime minister, is always to stand up for the public interest to stand up for people's jobs. That's what I did that's. What I will always do. Canadians know that I will be there to defend their jobs every step of the way. That's what Canadians can count on yeah, this one's really good Nadia, truly parts video, this Nigerian public key and pointelle veneer, controversial iced tea, yeah, it's polyester on copper, chriskiss, kappa thanks s: kapa haka stream, zaebal clickable, quash exact Tomasulo de la semaine, prochaine grand Espace, Killy, québécois siffredi, a una, posición personnel, la pollution position among governor, not yet on the truth: Park Annette, ad libs, Delhi, Pharisee, auscultation, Parvathi, a party, the truth in Sochi takea, said: Lizzie missile discrimination, samba de la m'avez, voix Moroccan, Francisco session discussion. Estancia liquid reservoir avec la crema is repelled. Kalasha, it was a Liberty Ella justanna port of our permit. Austria. The near contest. Dellwo vehicle is not on the soccer. Is it exactly mesquite and renders passing kanji no relation at an Sigma CA commander, New Delhi on Antony may pour less than the truth: cursory contrapositive poker pro canadian may effective manager. You see phenomenal. They did - amar - the truth cases you see irresponsible, the dear Canadian Jami. Does it's Joshua the continuing the duties? A and C say you see no impact on pornography. Dear I didn't have any awaits a popular okay, Becky I'll, develop or to report. Ok, big wave. What people more exact, Thomas conver file at that contested, Pokemon testing on support who see Pat, I'd, informally, familiar animal olive olive oil in a skillet super dirty, attract leno, québécois, -, ray -, Joe Libya, -, Amato doctrine, - immortal, determined sistema position. If of Saturn V Lama su magic show for Otto Jose, Ebers wounded for defin rally, Liberty detrusor, shot momenta, cervical necrosis rocoto, positive asthma mercy for the federal, the the the Sangha. She dodged, a BA in fashion Kapoor head pursue coma, tantrayana sipping on a table, IDI québécois, so Tantra, just Rahman jutila shaft, it was Liberty, come inside wa a diluted is a poor contesting in one killed, wolf arrest, mr. trudeau, Mercedes, Stevenson, Global News, president Trump is making an announcement on flavored vaping products today, possibly banning them. It's something that Canadian pediatricians have called for as well. Are you looking at a potential ban on flavored vaping products in Canada? I can tell you that Health Canada has been engaged with this issue over many months in consultations working with experts and researchers to determine the right path forward. We've already taken a number of steps on vaping and harmful tobacco use, and we're always looking to do more to keep Canadians safe, but our decisions will be made based on evidence based on data, and we will have more to say, as Health Canada continues to do its work of keeping Canadians safe, including from the dangers of vaping with CBC News high prices, high housing prices in Vancouver and Victoria and the GTA have been a problem for a long time. So why didn't you tackle this in your budget? Why are you waiting until now during an election campaign? Actually we tackled this in a number of ways. From the very beginning of our mandate, one of my first round tables in in Vancouver was around the high costs of of housing and the measures that a federal government can do to make sure that housing is more affordable. The first one of those obviously is a national housing strategy that puts forward forty billion dollars of the federal government re-engaging in housing to ensure that rentals, that new homes are more affordable for people right across the country. But we recognize there is more to do and that's why, in our budget in 2019, we put forward the national, first-time homebuyers incentive, which actually gives 10% off up to 10% off the price of a home for a first-time homebuyer. That's a program that applies right across the country. What we recognize and what we're announcing today is that there are areas in this country, as you named Viktoria Greater, Vancouver, Greater Toronto, where the housing prices are so significantly higher than the national average that there needs to be extra help through that at the first-time homebuyers incentive. That's why we're moving forward on creating an extra incentive in those areas for higher housing values and how are higher higher income levels so that more people can afford their first homes. There is a real challenge across this country, people being able to afford their first homes and that's why this government has done things concretely in budget 2019 and continues to announce that we will move forward even further to help Canadians afford their homes you're, calling it modest if it's modest what goods are going to do? We have seen from British Columbia's example that even a modest tax can have a significant impact on speculation, foreign speculation in housing markets. One of the knock-on effects, though, of the BC initiative, is that the that has pushed capital to other parts of the country where there isn't that that modest speculation tax. That is why we feel it is important to create a national measure right across the country based on BC's success with it to ensure that foreign speculation doesn't make housing less affordable for Canadians, who, as we know, are looking for places to live, West Shore, voice news, the NDP have a strong hold on the island and the Greens think they have some room to grow. What does the voter on Vancouver Island look to in the Liberals? Where do you think your chances are? We continue to put forward a strong plan to move forward on housing affordability, as we have today on growing the economy in a way that both creates jobs, as we have seen, Canadians create a million jobs across the country over the past for years. At the same time as we've lifted, 300,000 kids out of poverty, 900,000 canadians total. We know that to move forward in both protecting the environment and growing the economy goes together. We've been a government that has has done more for protecting the environment, which is something that matters deeply to Vancouver Islanders, as well as people right across the country than any other government, so I'm very pleased to be able to put forward an incredibly strong team of seven great candidates on Vancouver Island to give people on Vancouver Island the opportunity and the choice to be part of a government. That's going to continue to move forward for all Canadians Prime Minister, Mary Griffin, with cheque news you're, starting the first full day here on Vancouver Island. In this writing. Just two things. Climate change is at the forefront of many people's concerns. Your government has bought a pipeline. How do you lay the concerns of people who have real anxiety and concerns about climate change, which is a major issue on this island, and how would you expect to punch through this election knowing that climate change is at the top of mine, for so many here on, Vancouver Island I think Canadians understand that we need to both grow the economy and protect the environment at the same time, and indeed you cannot grow the economy unless you are protecting the environment, we have to move our economy towards greener towards cleaner, and that means using all our resources to invest and to pay in that transition. It doesn't serve anyone to leave tens of millions of dollars on the table because we can't get our resources to markets other than the United States right now it doesn't serve anyone to be putting more oil by rail to more oil by tanker truck when we know that pipelines too well secured marine area well. Service marine areas are the safest way to transport and to export our natural resources. We know that investing all the profits from the trans mount and pipeline expansion into the clean or energy transition is something that all Canadians understand and here on Vancouver Island. You have demonstrated both an understanding of how important it to protect our environment while developing our natural resources responsibly, and that is something we were going to continue to do as a government, Yesi thermode he say hi. My name is Greg. Knows this it'sit's, it's tougher than it looks you you.