The living is so high that it's become almost impossible to save for a down payment. We appropriate air DeMatha every difícil. A good share is a man, so they come in at a par -. Okay, we're been able have the good. Let me see enemy today, fresca impossible economies, especially in communities right here in the GTA you're working so hard, but you're not able to save money. Now many aspiring homeowners are not even thinking about mortgages and down payments because the cost of living is so high. The Justin Trudeau isn't helping in 2015 Trudeau said he would help you. He said he would be different. Instead, under the trio liberals, the dream of homeownership has gotten even further out of reach. Just raise your taxes imposed. A carbon tax he's hurt your bottom line and made it that much harder to save for a down payment because of his stress test, it's more difficult to qualify for a mortgage and because his latest initiative has so many hoops to jump through so many terms and conditions you and almost all the paintings, it's supposed to help don't even qualify when it comes to making homeownership more affordable once again, Justin Trudeau is simply not as advertised now. Conservatives believe that when you work hard, save and invest in your future, the government should help you not stand in your way as Prime Minister I'll, that a new Conservative government helps you get ahead, I'm proud to announce today a four-point plan to help put homeownership within the reach, the foreign Canadians. First, a new Conservative government will fix the stress test to make sure first-time homebuyers can get access to a mortgage. Many experts agree that the stress test has gone too far and has many unintended negative consequences. Pricing, many would-be homeowners out of the market will review it to make sure it isn't a barrier and because the stress test doesn't just stand in the way of first-time homebuyers. It will work with the office of the superintendent of financial institutions to remove the stress test from mortgage renewals. Second, for our first-time homebuyers will increase maximum amortization periods on insured mortgages to 30 years longer. Amortization periods mean lower mortgage payments and put more save but put more money, save to be put towards student debt, family monthly bills and retirement third, we'll launch an inquiry into money, loss in a real estate sector and work with our industry partners to root out corrupt practices. These shady dealings are inflating prices and already expensive markets such as here in the GTA and in Vancouver, and they must come to and finally, we'll make surplus federal, real estate for housing development, we'll review the federal lands initiative and make sure priorities align with the needs of the housing market. So extra government buildings can be developed or renovated, increasing housing supply and lowering prices Sofia that all sales would be on capital claim for the Canadian Canadian priests living here appropriate their premier mom, the new ball governor mark conservator, the modify, the test of assistance for a stated on bruise experiment, earnest, the tester stress battle or on pshaw. They don't worry proprietary potential to the division. These allow the war or masturbate a color test assess their pair of stacked lives Thermopylae after the premiere pro PT new salon, privé avec the Builder, soon financier dis, your mouth full is, after the premier proprietary there's a lot more tea. The period generally small Maxima Sewell is equal deck master. The pluton can be remotely small or permit. There is really BMO a the economy's a pleased that it was llamo use alone. Fair conquer, serve the national, their job, the only sector, European club, a chief, also see transaction huge amount. They please le marché, desertion camisa de of the garbage on Toronto in see a phenomenal news. Alejandra they telling Federal service. This money will call it available evil villain, there's a long war. The initiative determined Federal Reserve a priority rape on fathers, Wayne dumar shaking OPD Nancy- is that a facility federal for all develop a penalty augment our lovely Debbie Does young. If they saw lately, we understand that housing is not just important to you personally, but also to the economic well-being of the whole country, will not put our economy at risk by introducing policies that we've in the housing market will protect your home and its value, and we will continue to support first-time homebuyers by making it easier for them to purchase a home and afford it in the long term. That is why we also announced that a new Conservative government will provide much-needed relief to homeowners or the green homes tax credit to help you pay for these renovations. We will provide a 20%, refundable tax credit for renovations renovation costs between 1020 thousand, that could save you up to 3,800 ollars a year on home renovations and our universal tax cut, which is worth up to 850 dollars for a couple, along with other affordability, measures will help young Canadians save for a down payment. Just intrude on the Liberals have made it harder for you to buy a home if he's given four more years and will only become more difficult, it will continue to hurt your bottom line. His carbon tax will go up, raising the price of gas by 31 cents a litre and adding eleven hundred and fifty one dollars to your household expenses, including four hundred and sixty nine dollars a year for natural gas and is overspending. His debt and never-ending deficits will force him to raise other taxes. Even higher I believe Canada should be a place where no dream is over breach where homeownership is within the reach of all tax paid hardware companions. The four-point plan I've announced it, which includes fixing the mortgage stress-test increase in the amortization periods on insured mortgages, launching an inquiry into money laundering in the real estate sector. Making surplus federal buildings available for development will bring that dream closer to reality for the millions of Canadians within priced out of the market, adjusted Trudeau's, bad policies and poor judgment Levante in October, Isabella, Swan, entrepreneur, Minister Keeaumoku de levy may know about the situation, feels yes, a met, appropriate dumbest idea or the party a new vocal among conservative here in klepto who's a day who's a that week on October 21st. You have a choice between a prime minister who has increased your cost of living, hurting your bottom line and put homeownership out of roots and a new Conservative government that has a real plan to help you get ahead to put more money in your pocket, and so you can build the life that you want. Thank you see Kelly Malone, the Canadian Press, so staff can reported earlier to this year that the Canadians are taking on more and more debt in the form of mortgages. Former Conservative government brought down the amortization period specifically to address this problem. Why are you reversing course? Well, it's clear that the longer amortization period for first-time homeowners will allow more key needs to purchase a home. That is something that first-time homebuyers have asked for it's something that we've heard feedback from from so many different stakeholders. It is important that we have strong regulations around financial sector to ensure that the matter housing industry, our mortgage industry- is strong a little bus, but we believe that for first-time homebuyers, a 30-year amortization period is appropriate. Young first-time homebuyers often have their highest earning years ahead of them, and so as they as they get promoted and as their when the measures were brought. In said it was discussed ability in the market. You mentioned that you would have fake cards. How will you keep the housing market stable? Well, the key here is that we're going to fix the stress tests, we're going to ensure that the stress test does what it's supposed to do without the unten unintended negative consequences. For example, in the last few years, the percentage of Canadians who are using unregulated private lenders has gone from 6% to 10%, and that means that they're often paying much higher interest rates because they're unable to get mortgages through traditional banking system. So clearly, there are some unintended negative consequences that we want to address. With this review of the distress test, reporting, Mr, Shearer, JP, Tasker, CBC, News I noticed in your announcement there's nothing on a foreign speculator tax or any sort of measures to curveball buying by non gain. Why have you left foreign speculator tax off the table? The key here is, if we're looking at the types of practices that have a negative impact on housing prices. Our focus here today is on the money laundering aspect of it. This is something that governments across the country have contemplated, including the British Columbia government. We believe that this will help get to the bottom of some of the shady practices that are going on. Many of that money does come from overseas and this national inquiry will allow us to get to the bottom of it and to propose the types of changes that we'll need to address it. What about the Liberals, first-time home buyer incentive? Will you scrap that we like that policy is like so many other of just insurance policies, not as advertised so many Canadians will not be able to afford. It won't have a real impact on on the ability for a young couples to get into the housing market and, at the end of the day, the government almost part of your home and benefits from the sale of that down the room. So our policy will make housing more affordable for kids. We have a real plan and will actually follow through on it, unlike Jessica, who just always breaks the promise and after the election, I don't understand through the whole entire offensive circular from a tradition axis about a new topic on us and for a powerfully Nouveau Asian, Canadian cash, tail Mr, Shearer Michael cutter from global national global news is found that the former head of the US neo-nazi group and the former soldier Bowden member, were among those whose signatures were submitted to Elections Canada last agency, just officially registered the People's Party of Canada. Does this give you another reason to ask for mr. Bernier to not be in this debate now? Of course, a absolutely tolerance have no place in our in our society or in our public discourse. The decision the criteria was for the debates were designed by the Liberals without consultation from the other parties. It's really up to the Liberal government to explain I'm looking forward to debating Justin Trudeau. That's what my focus on. He ran away from the first debate, I'm hoping he shows up for the for the next one, but I'll be ready for that opportunity. To contrast, my real plan to help Canadians get ahead with his failed policies of higher taxes and less formal living. We larger absolute, more content, a lay-day personal equally a day with a tolerance see so the revolver had the XP explicate led back Allah will forgive me, there's a spare all due respect. My question is about mr. Baron. Can you please answer the question? Do you think that mr. Bernier should be removed from the debate? Given these revelations? Again, it's really up to the Liberal government to explain the criteria. They were the ones that said it. I absolutely condemn groups that promote hate and intolerance and then spread these types of hateful ideologies. The Liberal government, to set the criteria. The Liberal government established this. This debates, commission, it's really up to them, to explain, explain to Canada she she received immense electorally famiiy remain team. You see on an exact record metal Excel appropriately. They position signal upon a new Mac agency commander. Leave you see, I would stay d, please elector, who is this economist among the delicious cake, the Kasich campaign not return for a d-league controversy and threatened survival? They say folk like measured a day. The Canadian affected income revenue, - workers politic electrically, make president early labor the benefits for a linear appearances, including confident City date, Donna Chandra becoming a laissez-faire, Canadian tip a lot of coffee on coffee. So it's very easy to have a clear contrast between our plan and the liberal clan. The liberal plan is just not as advertising people of Canadians understand that Justin Trudeau raised taxes on the middle class. He made life more expensive, he broke his promises and he has lied to Canadians. It's on the question of trust. Who do you trust they leave more money in your pocket, so you can get ahead. Canadians cannot have trust in Justin Trudeau on some policies. He's actually copied ideas for me that he voted against in the House of Commons, so he's clearly has no plans to implement them and, at the end of the day, Canadians know that the carbon tax will continue to increase and make life more affordable. So, if Canadians are looking for a real plan to help them get ahead, they can they can have confidence in our plan. We will deliver on our promises. They know that Justin Trudeau has not come on buddy a dog for its methane secrets, fed on so close. You don't fall for sushi yeah planet, no apology day, no proper political put, it kennedy the blackest equality, fairness on the contract, Kathleen Wynne age, though they mem, architect, bolon, disaster, Kathleen, Wynne, a dolphin in Haiti man, okay, bye, fortitudo in sweep em come on our Sikh temple, a director, Ontario less, let's say food around all our passion, so say it's a sec there. So the big difference. The real question is: what's the difference between Kathleen Wynne and Justin Trudeau, the very same people who are the architects of the failed Kathleen Wynne Delta McGuinty government that raise taxes ran massive deficits mired in scandal and corruptions are now working for Justin, Trudeau and they're following the same playbook, so voters in Ontario now, but they can limit the damage, Justin Trudeau to one term, and they can elect a Conservative government that will lower taxes, protect our public institutions and our public programs like health care and education and make life more affordable. So they can get ahead. Christy perk up with The, Globe and Mail just have all Pope on what you just said about Kathleen Wynne, you recently, your party really recently released in advertisements aimed at her aren't people going to get confused about whether this is a provincial election versus a federal election. I think Canadians are quite clear and in the contrast this election they see they see Justin Trudeau, who is mired in scandal and corruption, who has lied to Canadians, who has lost the confidence of Canadians because he just simply cannot tell the truth. Continues on a daily basis to not be able to come clean with canes, and they see in myself a leader who is ready to make life more affordable to cut their taxes to return to balanced budgets over responsible here a time the choice between the two parties and the two leaders in this election could not be more clear and I'm convinced the Canadians see that and we'll make litter and we'll vote conservative on October 21st, but mr. Trudeau is not campaigning against the premier and you're, not campaigning against Kathleen Wynne. So why make that the central focus of your message to one Koreans I think it's important for people in Ontario to know that Justin Trudeau will follow the exact and has been following the exact same playbook that Kathleen Wynne and dolf McGinty ran here in Ontario. Voters here understand what happens when you? Let liberals continue their corrupt ways continue to run. Massive deficits, continue to break their promises in lye and to the people that they're elected to serve and I believe that on October 21st voters, not chair and across the country will limit the damage of Justin Trudeau's government. Come on, Gerald, surely being CPAC sure you're in the king bond transportation, congestion is already a real major problem. Your climate you've just outlined talks about you know making it easier for new, builds and new developments. What does your government gonna do to? You know a mediate that problem. That's an excellent question. We will have more to say throughout the campaign about ensuring that infrastructure dollars follow through on on being linked to new developments, that new housing markets can come onto the market starting new, because the developments we're providing to the market and that the infrastructure projects to help people move where they look to where they were go along with it. In addition, things like the public transit tax credit that we've announced will make taking public transit more affordable for so many people, and that will help alleviate a congestion as well, and we will have more to say on specific infrastructure projects, both here in the GTA and around the country. That will help to address that good morning, Mr Shearer Joyce. Thank your CPV, so I'm wondering why, despite the troubles the liberal campaign has had in and the scandal this winter, how come you're still neck and neck well, I believe that Canadians will see the clear contrast between a scandal-plagued Liberal government led by someone who can't tell the truth and breaks his promises and our real plan to make life more affordable. I don't get too worried about the polls. There's only one poll that matters that's on October 21st I can tell you. Our candidates are telling us that the response of the doors is fantastic, we're getting more volunteers over this election than we did in the last election. We've got campaigns all across the country where there were three years ago. People who are writing us off and we are going to win those seats. We're just surprised a lot of people, October 21st I've been underestimated. My entire political career and I can tell you that I'm very happy with the way the campaign is going. Our plan is resonating, people are getting excited about their policies or tax cuts and what we're going to do for them and I'm quite confident about the results on October 21st yeah, so my own son -, he come to see their son - the vendee and I'm talking them back home dollar back that's become a county, daddy all selling points. A Marvel is a lot pretty penny, but you don't need it as an axiom. It's just you click off. You put a piece of that there, the bank in a film or is the Sheridan RCC's. My colleagues mentioned Prime Minister Trudeau mentioned Stockport actually 15 times in its, and he said that his model of cuts to help in Ontario would be the model that you would follow. So I do respond. To that. Do you intend to cut health care and do you intend to bring in some kind of a universal armature? So it's quite clear that I'm ready to run against Justin Trudeau I am holding Justin Trudeau to accounting. He is desperate to run against anybody other than me. I have made a commitment that we will only increase transfers to health care and education by at least three percent. That means that means we have confidence that their health care systems will be there to give them the services that maybe I made the commitment the same for social transfers, so that programs like magic education will continue to go out. Justin Trudeau continues to lie, though what conservatives will do? He continues to lie about what he has done and what he will do. Acadians know that they cannot believe anything that comes out of his mouth. He will literally say anything to try to distract from his record of scandal and corruption. We have someone. We have a prime minister who is the subject of our CT inquiries into whether or not he obstructed justice to whether or not he interfered in a criminal prosecution case. That is, that is a very serious condemnation on his record as Prime Minister. So it's not surprising that he's desperate to change the channel and shift the focus from his own disastrous record. I know in universal Florida. Well, I mean this is a promise that liberals have made since I was a teenager and had one of the ministers from Kathleen Wynne's failed government design. The proposal Canadians know that this will cost billions and billions of dollars. None of his plans are costed. No details he's clearly unable to explain to Keynes how he would implement any of these things, and so once again, Canadians cannot have confidence, and thank you see what could do it alone? Thanks very much.