Mm microphone check check one two check: one two microphone check check. One hello: you all gave me the thumbs up to be clear, yeah here just doing a test. This is an audio test. Audio test back to zero I, see the thumbs up from the camera, but am waiting for our producer to tell me that he has gotten confirmation back from everyone that they are happy check. One two, three, four: five: six, seven, eight, nine ten! Thank you! Yes, while meditating till the moment good morning, everyone it's a great pleasure to be here. The new school year has begun and hundreds of thousands of students are back at colleges, trade, schools and universities across the country, and while these will be some of the most memorable years in young Canadians lives, there'll also be some of the most challenging hours of reading and working on assignments studying for exams and working part time. For many it'll be the first time they create a budget, manage their expenses and figure out what can wait until next month, so they can pay rent. This month, long before students ever set foot on a campus or an institution like this, now parents make a conscious decision to invest in their future, with mom at the kitchen table, helping her son with his math homework, with dad helping his daughter put the finishing touches on the science fair project with grandparents reading to their grandkids as a dad to five great kids. I know that all parents want a bright future and every opportunity for our children. Our investments of time make a big difference, but alone they're, not quite enough. Most parents can tell you a post-secondary education comes with a huge cost. There are very few Canadians who can just write a check to cover a year's worth of tuition, textbooks and living expenses for most parents sending their kids to university trade, school or college. It's the culmination of years of scrimping and saving. It involves a lot of trade-offs, but it's worth it la pluie pas de perak, perfidia lazy, dude for second air could crash air, but could a Canadian Canadian, the pathologist family, shack, poor, Pele, Fred Skyler get a the manual led Ponce dealer named Paula prepared a panel on boilers on fire university would also encourage the formation professional representation. A de pan, sir episode de concesión, a servo lebanon. A post-secondary education is just about the surest route there is to a brighter future by going to university trade, school or college. Today, our kids will be better able to provide for themselves and their families tomorrow and that's why opening a registered education savings plan comes shortly after sending out the birth announcement for many parents, our ESPs are the most effective way. Canadian parents can save for their children's education with more and more working families investing in them every year. Right now, the government gives parents a 20% grant for every dollar they put into their RESP up to a maximum grant of $500 a year as Prime Minister I will increase the RESP grant from 20% to 30% for every dollar they put into their RESP up to a maximum grant of $750 a year. Come premier -, Sheba, augment a regime of registry. They party to the event at home person for shack dollar invested for a super awesome maximal the sets on cinco de la paz, honey. So here's how that would work. If a couple put $75 a month into an RESP for their daughter every month for a year, they would receive two hundred and seventy dollars a year to put towards her education. That's up from the one hundred and eighty dollars they would receive now from birth to age, 18 that works out to one thousand six hundred and twenty dollars more towards her education wherever she chooses to go be at university college or a trade school now how much money parents get back for their in further savings is based on their income and that's why the RESP grant has an additional amount for low and medium and middle income Canadians between 2007 and 2017. There was almost a two hundred and forty six percent increase in RESP grants given to children from low and middle income. Families by increasing the general RESP grant the overall grant for low income. Canadians will jump from 40% to 50%, with the increase to 30% low income. Canadians will receive a total of fifty percent two hundred fifty dollars on the first five hundred dollars, while middle-income Canadians receive 40% or two hundred dollars. Less emotional AG mantras is laid upon a dude that pass aid account a second per sample, a Canadian, a Canadian, a favor I think an augmentation. The tramples on the Kennedy and Kennedy an affable approve new bond, closer walk and total deaths anchorperson this song seungheon Tov. So the premiere comes to sync sound aloud le Canadian Canadian afternoon yn Vaughn reservoir CalPERS on there's something off so, let's say a family after taxes earns $45,000 a year and let's say that family invests forty dollars per month in their child's RESP, which works out to an annual contribution of four hundred and eighty dollars. Under the current policy, the government kicks in forty cents for every dollar the parents invest under our new conservative policy. The amount the government kicks in will increase the fifty cents for every dollar. A more educated Canada is a better, stronger, more prosperous Canada. Today, just over half of Canadian kids have an RESP by boosting our ESPs. A new Conservative government will help even more Canadians provide their kids with a smart start. Every dollar counts, starting to save. Even the smallest amount early and contributing every month can make a huge difference over time on Armando crazy mom. Can she say, depending to Nuvo guna mom conservator for a day on carte Bleue. Stick: the Kennedy and Kennedy a hadn't, a bond upon Alice on phone shock, dollar c'mon say a bonito me me: MPT mount on a cot is a to Lamar, prepare in a mass difference, affiliate on Justin Trudeau and the Liberals believe that they can spend your money better than you care, so they can make better choices for your family than you can. I know that a dollar is better spent by the person who earns it, and the politician who taxes it and I believe that it's parents, not politicians, you know what's best for their kids. This election is about the future of Canada for you and the future of your family and the choice is between government that makes life more expensive and a new Conservative government that will support you in making the right decisions for your kids, a new Conservative government that will make life more affordable and a new Conservative government that will live within its means put more money in your pockets, so you can get ahead. Merci, beaucoup. Thank you very much happy to take your questions now. Good morning, mr. jeremy, arab s'en from The Canadian Press you've. It's what a day seven of the campaign and I believe there are close to seven billion dollars in tax cuts. Now you still are not explaining to people how you actually are gonna find this money. Can you explain when we might actually hear how you're gonna find this money? Yes, as you mentioned, we have made many exciting announcements that are all based up, putting more money in the pockets of Canadians that they can get ahead, that we understand. These are exciting announcements, that a lot of people realize will benefit them in their daily lives, and we will absolutely show Canadians how we are going to get both get back to balanced budgets over a five year period and ensure that these tax cuts do put money back in the pockets of Cannes. It will happen with plenty of time for Canadians to make their decisions as to who to vote for on October 21st see we are. Are we safe revenues? Ave, oh I, don't say beaucoup de measure concentrate. So how do the people who have all develop all a Kennedy on the explicate to support kaneen, come on equilibria, Buju, Sankar mm Tong, Kong last food out on that Ali Pasha? To get idea, Quebec has said that they're, considering putting in a place of values test for new immigrants to Quebec the NDP leader today has spoken out against this. How what are your thoughts on it on a values test for immigration? Well, I believe we can all agree that different levels of government should be working on integration and promoting the fundamental principles that make Canada a fantastic, a wonderful country that people want to come to and that's a quality, its freedom. It's treating everyone with respect that is a focus for us, is promoting that type of immigration. Well, we'll wait. I understand the Premier of Quebec is going to be making some of his intentions known for us. We had this debate in our party during the leadership race. My views on this are: are clear: I, don't believe it's up to the government to decide what what type of to implement some type of a test on what people might believe, but I do think. It's important that levels of government promote that integration into our society based on fundamental freedoms and respect. We a lot of cyclic Shack, Nevada government responsibilities from a voluntary graziano, not associate a asterik tool, a donkey via Canada compound Serkis, leash or ski kiss on a bass, the not repeal example, a collision of the two part: well Montville, a PVC okay from a wall at tolerance, respect the legality on trolleys are merely family Tula, Kennedy news Irwin, who said the bad or natural petite panel, acocella chef, read2go, clear, as you know, packs a responsibility. The guru, emoji, Geneva, bad Denis or government prove are the DC des koala lately require answer. He permit that Korean colony sushi case cupola, but special the maxim Bernie, you debug. It wasn't good at pathetically. Simply disease attack commercial, adaptable strategy, jaded about vac Maxime panel across Jeffrey, just be constant race or just intruder, shot participate doors in the back electricity to the capacity Lamont gala premiere that signe kill bad monkey. La prochaine Roger sleep properly. The tobacco stains good old Donald about the monk respective actually manages we prep for shocking the devaki. He get the remove our I've debated Maxine before my focus is on Justin, Trudeau and I'm, hoping that he shows up at the next debate, looking forward to him finally showing up and participating in a debate I'm prepared for that I hope he attends the next one. For the monk debates on foreign policy he's already missed the first one, but I'll be there ready to debate Justin Trudeau and show Canadians why he has lost the moral authority to govern and how a new Conservative government will make life more affordable, but Marnie put more money in your pockets that you can get ahead. We're so latest SEO, no response, Abdullah, Jesse, tsubomi, meniscus cuckoo Fergie, porridge, Canada, poor Eva, today material it comes and we allow the devil a natural on poor cybersecurity. As a social good, more prong-set, ensure Don's, Miniature cell here say clear on an idea. You know actually the fabulous things, hood or mantra in a pepper happen on issues concerns serious Allah on the oricon affair that travail difícil or mantra no cellular Canada Alan from poor poor voluntarily. Lehman ask himself well it's very clear that this is a very serious issue. We've seen in the recent months, how security around data, whether we're really just individuals or for government, is a very serious issue and it's essential. That's why we unveiled our plan to do more to protect Canadians and protect Canada from cyber security attacks. It's essential that we show our allies around the world we take this seriously and that we have measures in place to deal with these threats. This is sure. Good morning, Omar sadena from CTV News child advocates across the country are releasing research today on youth suicide. What is your plan to tackle the crisis on Canada's reserves? Well, thank you very much, and that is an incredibly important issue and one that you know I believe all Canadians understand that when you have vulnerable people, when you have young people, especially who feel like they're in situations where there is not hope or there is not, or if they're, facing some type of incredible trauma that they're not able to deal with that all levels of government have to respond to that, especially as it relates to indigenous Canadians. There's a unique responsibility for the gab for the federal government. To do that, we had a private member's bill in our party for a national suicide prevention strategy and that's something that I certainly has supported and will commit to doing more as Prime Minister to tackle that very issue and just to follow up on the cybersecurity question. You know specifically, though, how prepared is your party to deal with foreign cyber influence and the use of fake news online during the election? Well, as I said, as I said, I unveiled a plan just a few days a few weeks ago in Montreal, specifically dealing with the the modern attacks on both states and individuals, as it relates to protecting data that involves ensuring that our RCMP and security intelligence agencies have the resources that they need and that there's more transparency to the public. Some of these things we only find out from our allies. You know this. This particular case that we're learning about today and in the recent days only came to light because our allies brought it up. So we need to do more. We need a government that does more and we need a government that takes that seriously. We allow come see: DJ Duvall, a metropolis cybersecurity, a moralia cathedral, a server prong in Google monkey, prong-set Minister, here's a keeper as you're. Equally jrc, knows a constant Allegiance concept, - series, a alia, hey Sasuke Lopez me, a a OC have a pretty transparent, transparence Public Enemy, a calque, a father who, on apparently they die daily, shows come sir. Do knows ali-a a Samata interest on that the government actually CNO in a teapot, okay, Rhonda lemon asked and a proper campaign. Mr. Schurr Mike look at her from global national. You keep saying how much you want to make life more affordable for Canadians. Both the NBP and liberals have been build their housing affordability strategy. What about the Conservatives? Well, we are only in day seven, but we will have an aspect of our platform that speaks to making sure that there are adequate units of new housing units coming on the market to increase supply so that prices come down will absolutely have a component of our platform that will speak to that issue is why I also want to follow up with a question about the candidate from lap prairie, who had an issue with robo calls, and it seems that either she or the party couldn't have to pay face millions in fines. How are you guys gonna handle this well? My understanding is that a company that was contracted by this campaign did not follow the rules. We expect that that will be dealt with, that the contract will not continue with. With firm that did not respect the rules, we are looking into it, but I can assure you that we are going to comply with all federal elections laws. We say it's a more comprehensive curse. It's a contract that can campaign look at key a problem supervisory concept, you're serious. You know that asterisk entire continue pass a news, a long, swivel tool, a regulated panel set coming good morning, Mr Shearer. Yesterday, a member of your staff put out a statement about the debates and the decision to allow Maxine Bernier in there and there's a line in there. That says: Trudeau's been stacking, the deck for months, using the power of his office to tilt the playing field in his favor for this election. Are you questioning the credibility of the debates and or the the panel as I said? We've all I will debate anybody who, who is running to be Prime Minister I am prepared to debate. I am hoping that Justin Trudeau actually shows up to this debate and disappointed that he ran away from the first one. It looks like he's. Gonna run away from the second one, so I'll be there ready to debate him when he finally shows up I know as supervisor David, Newport, keiki, very prominent Minister, don't say: pay the souq same food or EBT, the premier / AP television, about managed at the battery interesting token funeral Noah, Taylor I'm a question about yesterday as well. You were in Calgary and, and of course, Alberta is one of the places where your party is has a lot of support and at a rally yesterday in Calgary, while the crowd was very enthusiastic, it was about 200 people which, considering Alberta, is prime conservative territory. Were you surprised that there were only about 200 people there and does that concern you? No not at all these. These events are meant to boost the the troops on the ground that are helping out on individual campaigns with these are not designed to take people away from door-knocking and other can't. In other writings, we actually specifically tell people, you know the best thing you can do to help form. A conservative government is hip those doors get those brochures out. So we specifically asked other campaigns to keep their volunteers on the ground, knocking doors as much as possible, so we can have a great event with people who show up I've, actually very pleased with the turnout. As you know, when parksville we're expecting only about 250 people and over 400 people showed up yesterday we're expecting between 50 and 75, and it looked to me like we had well over a hundred so we're getting great turnout to our events and we're gonna continue to these style of events that that put a focus on going door to door voter to voter, explaining our policies. Getting our good message out. Good morning, Mr Shearer Janice Dixon, with The Globe and Mail. There are 300,000 Canadian citizens living in Hong, Kong Germany has already granted asylum to Hong Kong protesters. The UK Parliament has called on 53 member countries of the Commonwealth to offer Hong Kong people's citizenship. Would your government offer asylum or permanent residency to Hong Kong protesters? Well, I think that it's important to understand that Justin Trudeau on the matter that is going on in China has completely failed to deal with the seriously took him months to even appoint an ambassador to Beijing I took him months to do what we were asking him to do and take the trade dispute to the World Trade Organization other countries have increased their consular services at their embassies in Hong Kong Justin Trudeau has failed to do that. I think it's important to monitor this situation and see how it develops. Of course, we will always stand up for human rights and the right for people to express themselves to protest peacefully and, as the situation unfolds, we will have will have more to say. Okay and the water crisis in this Katanga is is increasingly getting worse. With electric pumps breaking down leaving people without water schools are shutting down, people are being flown out. What would a Conservative government do to help the people there? Well, two things: well, obviously, when when situations on one particular indigenous community or on reserve get to the point where it has this type of catastrophic Attis traffic effects on the community, there needs to be a swift response. There needs to be some immediate solution so that people don't have to face the conditions that you just outlined on a longer-term basis, a concrete plan to have meaningful investments so that indigenous communities can know that they have the infrastructure they need to have clean drinking water. That is something that is essential and that will require a long-term strategy with adequate resources behind it. Mr. Shute, the Liberal Party's just boosted the Canada child benefit. This morning, you plan to restore some child tax credits that you talked about yesterday. Are you committed to the Canada Child Benefit, as it's currently constituted? The Canada Child Benefit is a conservative principle Trudeau and the Liberals fought against this very type of thing, this very type of direct payment to families for their costs related to raising children, I, don't believe I, don't trust Justin Trudeau on on making life more affordable, teens I. Don't trust him on putting more money in the pockets of Canadians? I we know that he's going to raise taxes, his carbon tax is taking money away from hard-working individuals and families. I also know today that he has followed my lead on on maternal maternity leave benefits. This is a huge reversal for him. I thought he would have left his flip-flops at Harrington lake, but seems that he is once again trying to fool Canadians during an election, but we all know that he's not as advertising it. If he truly wanted to support new moms and dads, he would have voted for my bill. He the fact that he voted against. It means we can't trust him to actually improve the quality of life for hardworking families. Are you gonna commit to the existing kind of a fail benefit? We are absolutely committed to the count of child benefit. We've made that very clear before this is a conservative principle. This builds on our legacy of providing a childcare dollars directly to parents that they can make choices. That is a conservative principle. Knowing that moms and dads make choices for their kids better than bureaucrats in Ottawa, we a we knew, knew some knew some toot on at quarterback news app. We a news news app. Will the benefits bully Oh Canada on that continual affair? Same principle, conservator le liberal on wrote, a essay. The blockage that sought the political, toujours voltage, control, limiter, maces and Princip consider an overlap. We continued a dollop we good morning, Mr Shearer Sam Sampson from CBC Manitoba. We have one of the poorest postal codes here in Winnipeg, and a lot of families can't even afford to put anything into RESP s because they just have to focus on paying the bills. So, besides, this RESP promise. What else are you hoping to give Canadians so that they can give their own children a better life when they can't even afford their bills? Well, thank you for that question. Of course, I will just take a moment to highlight the fact that this policy it does help low-income Canadians, who are able to put something aside by increasing their additional grant as well. In addition to the RDSP policy, I have made it very clear that a Conservative government will continue to increase federal transfers to provinces for important social programs like education by at least three percent a year in that suite of social programs are many measures that assist low-income Canadians. We also know that on this particular policy, the uptake the number of low and middle-income Canadians who have started are ESPYs, even if it's only a few dollars a month has been on the rise, and so this type of policy will absolutely benefit hundreds of thousands of Canadian families in all in all income brackets. Are we shooting ill effects? Ethanol? So should we and aspect key KATUSA lay Kalinin, the the the the Hawaiian revenue at the main revenue awaken super awesome, super monter, a or seekers a fella announced conv Almonte. They transfer all province play program, socio, shacking, a minimum to a person, allah, ya, beaucoup de program down, said a program so silky to levy a key, a levy. They decorate the end of february of every new and Manitobans, just reelected Brian Pallister as our premier here, and he is well set on his maiden Manitoba carbon tax plan. So how would you work with Brian? Callister are premiered to make sure that carbon emissions go down here in Manitoba. Well, as we've seen in in in the federal government, carbon taxes have not worked, they have not reduced emissions, they have just made everything more expensive. That's why we're going to scrap the carbon tax provinces will be free to implement their own environmental strategies. We will have federal components that we will work with premiers on to ensure that that where there is overlap in jurisdiction that we have a great working relationship, our principle of technology over taxes has a much better chance of succeeding. It gives Kanna the better the the best chance at achieving those paris targets, taking the climate change to fight global, recognizing that Canada can do so much to reduce global emissions. If we export the types of clean technology that we've developed here and putting more money in the pockets of Canadians with a green home renovation tax credit, so these are all measures that will benefit the people of Manitoba and I. Look forward after that October 21st to sitting down with premier Pallister, to discuss how we can work together on this fight on this file and I'd like to take this opportunity to congratulate him on his reelection. Our election started just after he was reelected, but congratulations to premier Pallister and I look forward to having a good working relationship with him after our election good morning, mr. schirra lobia Stefanovic from CBC News I want to pick up on a comment that you I heard you make to a supporter in a topical lakeshore in which you told this person that you'd like to keep up statues of Johnnie McDonald, and you spoke about not rewriting history. So my question to you this morning is what would a Conservative government do to stop or reverse this trend of taking down controversial historical figures? The statues of those such as Johnnie McDonald or replacing the names of these buildings well I, do believe it's important for Canadians to to understand our history and to be proud of our history. Canada has been a force for good on the world stage for over 150 years now, and we will be making some specific announcements during the election campaign, but I think that, where the federal government can play a role in promoting arts culture history, we absolutely have to do that without trying to rewrite history- or you know completely eliminate from the the stories that we tell the next generation of canes of those who helped shape this country, recognizing that that the at no time in our life have we ever claimed to be perfect, but we can certainly celebrate the things that we've accomplished together as a nation. We, as should say to our important Lagoo tomorrow, he'll really measure that we ain't at the culture at least wow. That's a regular question degeneracy on the canadian compound at least walk a defect compared to a fear, then at least well see liquor in the Empire do I have a fear. The whole killers you a pond or know something company no available in the calculation on specific panel across telecom, a major producer, shuriken good amount, conservative, a like fasten, the that way that is WA it a Sorak to later have at least what the natural pain I've also noticed that the NDP, liberal and Green Party have all made indigenous land acknowledgments during this whole campaign, at their events, so wondering why door party hasn't so far and really commit to doing this now, I've always acknowledged the contribution of indigenous Canadians, as it relates to building this country and proud to have a great working relationship with indigenous community leaders from all over the country and I can assure you that a Conservative government will treat indigenous communities with the respect that they deserve. Honor the obligations of the federal government to indigenous communities, uphold treaty rights and address the specific issues that are facing indigenous Canadians, both on and off, reserve good, more we are to shore soothingly ought to be on the the community. After turn, lately crimean ASEAN I did not wear hist. Why the fabric a not will pay you back continued. The lafurgey and the pharisee on that uber I shall back the the shaft. A premier in ASEAN is a good amount conserve to show today the community after tone, avec leur, respected man, it a killed, Azure, a canoe, swivel and obligations to layer a taking good morning, Solomon Israel Winnipeg Free Press. Just in regards to the mr. Bernier being included in the debate, the leaders debate Commission one of one of the reasons they said for including was it was a poll showing that support for the People's Party of Canada. A possible support could be as high as twenty four point. Five percent in Manitoba here in the in one of the writings, st. james's in abaya, Headingley and also I, think we're pointing out that in the 2017 conservative leadership race, mr. Bernier I believe beat you in six out of eight polls here in Winnipeg. So, given that I'm wondering are, you are you concerned about the People's Party of Canada splitting the the vote for the Conservative Party here in Manitoba and in and in Canada? More generally, not at all. People know that this election is a choice between Justin Trudeau and myself between a scandal-plagued government that has broken promises led by a prime minister who has lied to Canadians directly the choice between a government that is going to continue to raise taxes and one that will lower taxes, put more money in the pockets of Canadian. So they can get ahead. That is the choice this election and for everyone who is tired of Justin Trudeau, who is tired of seeing billions of dollars of investment leave our country, who is tired of seeing the scandals, the ethics Commission's, the ethics commissioners guilty verdicts, those people that want an ethical government that is focused on putting more money in the pockets of Canadians. There is only one choice: that's the Conservative Party led by me and the People's Party candidate and that writing Steven Fletcher, a former conservative. There was news recently that he was using repurposed Conservative Party campaign signs, painting them over adding a PE to make it PPC wondering if you had anything to say to mr. Fletcher in regards to that. Well, you know I'll. Let him explain why he felt a need to do that. I think it's always been important to show those clear distinctions: we're running a campaign, that's showing the distinction between ourselves and Justin Trudeau's. Liberals we're highlighting the fact that we are different from the Liberals. We do not raise taxes, we lower them. We do not engage in scandalous behavior. We engage in ethical governments. We do not support a carbon tax, we will scrap it. That is the clear distinction. I've always thought that it's important for parties to highlight the differences between themselves and other parties. That's what we're gonna continue to do in show Canadians how we're going to help them get ahead. Thanks thanks very much everyone. Merci beaucoup.