Thank you, don't move you well I! Think we're gonna get you willing to get you. Let me get you a father this one coming up. How do you feel huh, but you didn't begin to be doing this. My campaign gurus big supporters at everything. That's not just my jacket -. She can good morning, lady Smith, so glad to see so many people out on Climate Action Day in this amazingly beautiful part of our region on Vancouver Island, I'm, Sheila, malcomson I'm, the nyos member of the legislature, and we are so honored to be here in Samina, First Nations Territory, a Theriault territory led by Chief, John, Eliot unceded territory to meanest people to be here on climate action day with two strong defenders of the coast like joke, meet, Singh and Bob. Chamberlain is a specially powerful statement for all of us in our community. Our writing. Nanaimo lady Smith has a very strong history of coastal defense from New Democrats. My mentor and friend Jean Crowder was such a strong defender against oil spills. She fought very hard to get abandoned. Vessels out of Ladysmith Harbor took her legislation all the way to Ottawa surf this region for 12 years and and changed our country in many ways, Jordans principle and a lot of work on indigenous missing and murdered women. That was all jeans legacy and I was so proud to be able to carry that work on as Ladysmith and and I'm most member of parliament, our history of standing up together really infused that work. That I did I went to Ottawa really to stop the Kinder Morgan pipeline. I thought all we had to do was defeat the Conservatives in this riding and that's what would have killed the Kinder Morgan pipeline. Never having thought for a minute that our Liberal government would actually buy the pipeline. That was so here. We are still fighting for the coast, another election with another strong community behind us I'm. Now the parliamentary secretary for environment in the BC NDP government and honored to be. But we cannot do this work alone. British Columbia needs a strong partner in the federal government, dedicated wholly to coastal protection and to standing up with coastal people and for coastal people, and that's why I think we have of the extraordinary gift in our writing having a candidate like Bob Chamberlain, there is no one that I have seen on the front line of more of these fights in coastal communities, standing up against the Kinder Morgan pipeline, standing in the strongest way in the courts and with the people on the front line and in particular, Bob's work after three decades of intractable fighting over protecting wild salmon and trying to get fish farms out of wild salmon right migration routes. It's this man, Bob Chamberlain that got the breakthrough after three decades to work, using the principles of the United Nations declaration on the rights of indigenous people, with the BC NDP government to get fish firms out of the wild salmon migration routes. It's a extraordinary breakthrough and and the epitome of this man's work as a coastal defender and so on climate action day and on the beautiful shorelines of lady Smith Harbor, with my great friend jug meat sing, and so many of our community members here thinking of the next generation, so grateful to the young children that have come out to stand with us today, I introduce to you, my friend coastal defender and animal lady Smith's, future Member of Parliament Bob Chamberlain good morning. Everyone I also want to acknowledge that right on the unceded territory of this de Minas, First Nation I'm, very honored, to be here on climate action day with my dear friend Sheila malcomson and my other dear friend, jug meat Singh. It's only right that we gather here by the ocean, something that has been mainstay of the work that I have accomplished in regards to safeguarding the environment, but it's things such as the ocean, which are causing great concern to people for a variety of reasons. Of course, one is climate change. The undeniable fact that the oceans will rise when the glaciers are melting and the ice caps are disappearing, and in the face of this reality, this global reality. We have a prime minister that thought it was a good idea to buy a 60 year-old pipeline for four billion dollars: okay, fine 4.5 billion, and if you've got to build another one, you know it's going to be four times that amount by the time. It's done. It's a not a good investment for Canada. Imagine if we took that amount of resourcing and money and put it into green alternative renewable energy. We would be well down the path on the transition that is necessary and that necessity is about ensuring the global temperature is a place or does not raise too far. So our children can enjoy a measure of the life that we have, so the environment is there to provide for them as it has provided for us, and chile's mentioned the fish farm struggle in the wild salmon. I need to acknowledge the team that I had with me. I was part of a very dynamic team, including premier Horgan's team, which we are the first table to implement the United Nations declaration on the rights of indigenous people. It was a shared decision-making model. It was free prior and informed consent, and we have proven to Canadians that it can happen. The world does not end and we have agreements which safeguard the environment, wild salmon, reconciliation, it's all possible and I want everyone to know to advance this in a meaningful way on the national stage. It's all possible because of people such as my dear friend jug meat, who I have the greatest honor to introduce now Chuck meat Singh. Thank you friends. I am so honored to have the chance to be able to stand with Sheila malcomson and deny deny Mo MLA and with my incredible candidate, bob chamberlain candidate for the night, my lady smith. Today we want to talk about defending the coastline and we've got a beautiful coastline here in BC, and this is something that's particularly important given today is the week of climate strikes globally, so people around the world are taking to the streets, particularly young people and they're, demanding that leaders listen to them. They are calling out The Betrayal they're, saying how dare you betray our futures, they're, angry and they're frustrated and the right to be because in the face of this global crisis, this climate crisis, world leaders have ignored young people, have ignored the evidence here in Canada. Mr. Trudeau, in the face of a global crisis in the face of climate crisis, fought a pipeline for 4.5 billion dollars. Not only did he buy one back in 2015, mr. Trudeau promised that he would not build the Trans Mountain pipeline, he promised he wouldn't build it, he became government. Not only did he is he committing to buying it or to building it he's bought one. The question is this: how can people trust mr. Trudeau now if he campaigned in 2015, saying that he wouldn't bill trans mountain and then once he became prime minister after listening to the energy lobbyists who lobbied him and his government 1,500 times he bought a pipeline and then on one day declared a climate emergency on the second date approved building a pipeline and that's what we have with mr. Trudeau and we look at this beautiful coastline and we think about the young people. We think about the marine diversity we think about how beautiful this is and how we need to protect it and that's why today we're committing to boldly protecting this coastline with a coastal protection fund. This one's going to protect salmon help us reinforce the coast guard, make sure we continue the work that Sheila mentioned, that she started where she built on from Ching Crowder the work making sure in Benin vessels are cleaned up because they pose a risk to polluting the coastline. We're gonna, boldly, invest to protect our coastline and we're gonna make it very clear today that our pledge our commitment as New Democrats is. We will always fight the Trans Mountain. We will continue to fight against a 700% increase in tanker traffic and the diluted, bitumen oil that could spill and and threaten the entire coastline. One spill would devastate the entire environment so instead of mr. Trudeau we'd like to say pretty words before an election and then bicep pipeline or Mr Shearer, who doesn't even believe that there is a crisis. New Democrats are committed to not only committing to fighting, but also putting massive investments to fighting the climate crisis and protecting our coastline. Don't you see? Ted Murphy officially denounced a kid in geuvânio Democrat top coat o g9v amo Eva protege Lakota Becky, an investment investment dollars and phone flood protection of the Lakota holy. The missile to dukhia Asheton people in kiya deconversion may continue become project on trans mountain on dominicans ya, pehle, Hong Kong, like a meal sang song lobbyists, the sector energy era, Asheton people eat a pre-approve a LED week, a milkman. Does he understand people in only know about 2g proteges, like owed over to Zapata geelong viva la settimana, back to the hive, mondiale on DLA janeski O'neill approval on sabaha vu? Thank you very much and I'm ready to take any questions that you might have hi. It's Annie Bergeron Oliver with CTV national news. The Green Party has said they will phase out bitumen production between 2030 and 2035 I'm wondering if your party would do the same thing. Our plan is that the future for Canada is a future where we're not using carbon for fuel and that's why we would immediately end for fossil fuel subsidies right away. Take that those billions of dollars and invest that into clean and renewable energy. We would massively invest in transportation, public transportation to electrify and to reduce our emissions, and we would retrofit all homes. We need to get off of carbon as a fuel, and we are absolutely committed to doing that. So is that a yes, you would phase out bitumen and how and when our plan is exactly that that we need to transition in a bold way. There's no question about it. The future of our planet depends on us movie to clean and renewable sources, and that means in all areas of energy. We need to stop burning carbon. There's no question about it. We need to stop burning fossil fuel. The emissions are massive. The impact in the environment is massive and our future generations. The kids, of course, striking today, are demanding that we don't betray the future that we commit today. So absolutely we need to move away from all carbon as a source of fuel. That is our commitment. Jerome Avenue Canada shall administer softe Justin Trudeau I see photos Matariki, redundant, sqf, Costa, Rican, so federal capital, politic effects, Adela decision, the greater de l'affaire me su casa verde, la jeunesse, circus, video, Canadian Canadian, say mr. Trudeau up for me on Dominicans the NEBOSH ET de napa Constitution people la camisa sassy. For me, the Dominicans, a levy dans la cueva Clemente, no la a Shatila people in Elodie we in augmentation as 300 GM, not repeal it now come on. Pourquoi I, miss you to do a memo come over, have a coffee on some to do. Con ella come in shoes. If you're exactly monopoly in a band leader, amateur the Chandra climatic, he is it clear: I, don't wanna continue it the monsoon, a it Capozzi, no Prabhupada found along the amo sure it's obviously greatest choice who she wants to meet with, but it's really clear that mr. Trudeau promised really clearly in 2015 that he would not build the Trans Mountain that he would oppose it and then once he got into office, not only did he break that promise he bought the pipeline and then approved its expansion the day after he declared at climate emergency. That is something that should have everyone pause and that's why Canadians are saying. We can't trust and we don't believe mr. Trudeau, we don't believe him with any promises that he makes now when he broke those promises. So horribly right after getting elected and getting into power, it's clear that he works for the powerful, the people at the very top. He met with the energy lobbyists 1,500 times and the results are clear. He continues to subsidize the fossil fuel sector. He exempted the biggest polluters from the price on pollution and he bought a pipeline for 4.5 billion dollars. Yeah a bit mere declaring to mantua tight I had the child mana pool of yanma sq, certain schwate moynak local visit an excuse to Nauvoo. We can enter into our tight I. Had the gentleman Oh My GD Odessa info a value collage, a promotion DK if I have all a collage, the citta ki Lee company, were they gone on the please he continued the poly we love mo if what Odessa avignon Cosmo Diwali kuvasz de alva shangela direction. Dp bumper and new Lilly Sivan see on Fotolia on / satirically puke on Paula Taylor, just the park a on put on / satiric on the phone, a coat a vacant- and you can't know the trans mountain peeping cbc news, yes, or no do you support the liquefied natural gas project to northern BC? Well, with that project, my position has been very clear: I believe the future has to be a future. We were no using any carbon any fossil fuel for energy and I want to invest. I want to end fossil subsidies and invest in clean and renewable energy. My position is the future of our planet has to be one where we do not provide any fossil fuel subsidies and we invest in clean and renewable energy. You've said the future of energy, like what you just said. Why not come out strongly against this and yeah? Why not come out strongly against this very clear that future? What I'm gonna do is I'm gonna end immediately fossil fuel subsidies, I'm gonna, take those those those billions of dollars and invested in clean and renewable energy. I'm gonna make sure our future is one where we're investing all of our public dollars into renewable energy and we're building a future where young people can say you know what these these leaders are fighting for us. They can I want to look at young people in their eyes and say you know what I'm not gonna, let you down I'm gonna fight with every ounce of my power and skill to be able to defend this environment, so you have a bright future. Coal is just our Black, Press media. You say you're going to invest in protecting the coast, approximately, how much dollars are you going to invest and protecting the coast sure so today's announcements, a 40 million dollar announcement to support the coastline, to support protecting salmon, to support the removal of derelict vessels to invest in protecting this beautiful code long coastline. It's also a contrast where we want to defend the coastline. Mr. trudeau wants to increase the tanker traffic by 700 percent, risking a diluted oil bitumen spill, which could result in devastating impact to this coastline. So our position is very clear. We were opposed to trans militant and that's a part of our defending the coastline commitment. Local residents are very concerned about coal and grain freighters that have been parking up and down the coastline. What is your position on those freighters yeah? They should not be parking here. It's absolutely irresponsible. The fact that they're, using a loophole and they're creating a great threat to this community in to this to the coastline here and something that is needs to be needs to be solved and and right now, that loophole that exists is is being exploited unfairly and wrong. Hi back to me again, hi. Obviously, fighting climate change is going to take the nation and a lot of the plans involve cooperations from provinces and municipalities and some of it not federal jurisdiction. How do you get the provinces on side and how well would your plan work if you can't get all of the provinces and territories on board? So it's a fair question in sense: it's gonna take a lot of work. It's hard to work with it's gonna be hard to work within our federal system, but it's a beautiful system and it requires that hard work and we know if we put the right incentives on the table, the right investments on the table. We can encourage the right outcomes. We know that it has to be a collaborative approach and we're committed to that. But there's some investments we can make right away. There's some things that we can do right away. Ending the fossil fuel subsidies is something that the federal government can do without any negotiation with provinces. That's a commitment that we can make right now and I'm making that commitment. We can also make sure we invest in clean and renewable energy. That's something we can do right away with respect to our investments in public transit, for example, cities are asking for these investments. Municipalities are saying we need help and we want to be a better partner between the federal government and the municipal government who are demanding for the people that live in their cities and the municipalities. They need more investments and we're committing to investing in clean and electric transportation, electrifying public transit and massively investing in it. Do you think it's realistic that you're your party can get elected without mass, supporting the prairie provinces? I couldn't hear you you want to get that sure. Do you think it's realistic? Your party can get elected without mass support and the prairie provinces we believe in having support across the country. We need support everywhere in the prairies are where New Democrats began. With our powerful movement to fight for Medicare, it was in Saskatchewan where the the first leader of this party, Tommy Douglas, began the journey to bring Universal Medicare to Canada. I want to build on that vision that was brought to life by the prairies I want to take it to the next step and make sure we cover Universal Pharma care as well, and then go beyond that to dental care, vision and hearing care and head-to-toe health care that includes mental health and rehab services. Thank you. So much everybody. Please appreciate you being here: Thank You Jesse! Thank you! Auntie Sheila and you.