We good everyone good yeah, you guys good good morning, everyone good afternoon, it's great to be here in Coquitlam in Greater Vancouver now, Vancouver is always ranked as one of the most livable cities and it's easy to see why the coastal mountains, the Pacific Ocean and as someone who splits their time between Regina and Ottawa, the weather Vancouver is just one of the many growing world-class cities we have in Canada, but unfortunately, far too many Canadians spend more time stuck in traffic than out enjoying their surroundings or, more importantly, at home, with their families and loved ones, whether you drive or take public transit. The fact is in many Canadian cities such as here in Greater Vancouver, getting yourself from point A to point: B has become a nightmare traffic jams, service, disruptions and delays. All this leads to less time with your family. According to Statistics Canada in 2016, 1.5 million Canadians spent at least an hour commuting to work and a good chunk of them right here in Greater, Vancouver and as many commuters know, an hour is often on the low end. It can often be much much more now in 2015, Justin Trudeau made a lot of expensive promises in order to get elected among them was a 170 billion dollar promise to build much needed infrastructure in cities like Vancouver, it's four years later and like so many other promises, this one was not as advertised for one thing. The Parliamentary Budget Officer has noted that for every dollar, Trudeau promised to spend he's only actually spent 60 cents, and the PBO analysis further showed that for all the money he did actually spend and for all the spending announcements he made and photo ops, he staged there were no significant results to show for it. In other words, he did spend some of your money, but got nothing done in one of its many scathing reports into Justin Trudeau's infrastructure boondoggle, the PBO said the plan for how to spend the money quote does not exist. Meanwhile, commuters in Vancouver and another major urban centres face more traffic longer drives to the office and less time with their families. When it comes to building infrastructure, the Canadians need Justin. Trudeau is not as advertised it's about time that commuters had a government that was less concerned about front-page photos and fancy spending, announcements and more concerned about shovels in the ground and about getting things built, so you can get to and from work faster, and so your family can get ahead. First and foremost, I want to assure Canadians that as Prime Minister I will ensure all infrastructure projects that have already been committed to will move forward, and we will put in place simple criteria for the transportation infrastructure projects that we will find. There will be a very simple question: will this project reduce commute times? If the answer is yes, then that project will be put to the top of the list on the approvals process to double the video or Canadian L Canadian company - Shiva, a survey tool, a project infrastructure, Dasia approve a young cool sois, completely pull a nouveau project news along a table. The critics sample, who choisir local news alone fiance in Seoul question, simply asked us approached a varied we're late on the day, plasma see Larry pond say we, the processor, approving and here in Greater Vancouver. That means the George Massey tunnel replacement a badly needed project to address the significant congestion issues. Vancouver commuters, face every day, whether it's getting to and from work or to hockey practice for the kids in Toronto. That means the Ontario line and the young subway extension. Okay, Beck come today, d-mac ready, soir, Lata CME on to the Quebec a levy so ha my priority. The time for talk is over. Now is the time for action. These are the kinds of projects that make a difference in people's lives by reducing gridlock and speeding up commute times getting them home faster after a long day at work. These projects could take many forms. Road construction and upgrades subway or rail expansion will put in place new standards of efficiency and transparency for infrastructure spending comparable to private sector standards. So you can see exactly how your tax dollars are being put to work and rather than a confrontational approach. Like Justin Trudeau will work collaboratively with all provincial and territorial governments of all party affiliations to build the right projects at the right price on the right timelines. Oh yeah, Devon, passed on the confrontation effectively prevents a territoire come Justin Trudeau, New Zealand collaborate to layer govern among very important relations. Coryell is a label progr Oh bong goo, album. Oh no further I will eliminate Justin Trudeau's Canada infrastructure Bank, a thirty-five billion dollar failure that has not lived up to its promise. This government knows best boondoggle in the making was supposed to boost investment and get more projects built, but two years after it started, the infrastructure bank has completed nothing while costing taxpayers millions in operating expenses. I will also pull Canada's ridiculous, 256 million dollar investment in the Chinese controlled Asian infrastructure bank. There is simply no way Canadian taxpayers should subsidize new roads and bridges in other countries. Well important projects like the George Massey tunnel replacement, go unfunded here at home. So that's the choice. This election re-elected Justin Trudeau led government that will make your commute longer and more expensive, with further delays to critical infrastructure projects and a higher carbon tax that will add 31 cents a litre to the price of gas and a new Conservative government that will prioritize projects such as the George Massey tunnel replacement here in Greater Vancouver, the Ontario line and the Yonge subway extension in Toronto in a quasi Omni Ultima Quebec Olivia projects that will cut down your commute and put more money in your pockets. So you can get ahead. It starts by eliminating Trudeau's carbon tax, which just keeps going up as this campaign goes along for, transit users will bring in the green public transit tax credit. This credit will make monthly transit passes more affordable and cars off the road, reducing both congestion and emissions. Levent. In october, the Canadien Lacanian von choisir akhil from coffee on permit or pleasure down a posh for ameliorate the collodion. A pulley depends on infrastructure, Szechuan, pepper, replica schwa. After the promise on the libya ho elección, the conservator on october, 21st Canadians decide who they trust to put more money in their pockets, so they can get ahead and when it comes to infrastructure spending, that choice couldn't be more clear: a choice between liberal announcements and conservative action, a choice between liberal infrastructure, banks and conservative shovels in the ground, a choice between scandal-plagued liberals trying to save their own jobs and conservatives with a plan to get you to and from yours. Thank you very much. Merci beaucoup have to take your questions. Do you think that your absence from today's climate demonstrations is out of step with the tens of thousands of Canadians who are currently out marching in the streets? Well, first of all, I believe it's always encouraging. When you see so many people, especially young people, show their concern for this very important issue, and that is why we have many candidates and members of parliament who are there. It's also why I'm making this announcement today and why we have made announcements in the past about how we have a real plan to battle climate change by taking the climate change, fight, global and I. Think Canadians see those people protesting today see that Justin Trudeau's plan is failing. It is not as advertised. We see two spirit on the wall. They grow number. The the person special, only lesion he's engaged only isn't really important, shikaku well he's doing the plunge. They intrude on the functional part, tasks and repair avoid aspect: Lobell, don't some plan, but Sir. You are running to be the Prime Minister of the country. There were three major party leaders that participated in pride. You decided not to three major party leaders are participating in climate demonstrations today you are not. What does this say about you personally, your personal views? Well, you mentioned the party leaders marching today, including Justin Trudeau I, find it interesting and I that Justin Trudeau was actually protesting. His own government's record on the environment and he'll be marching today with so many people who realize that his plan is not as advertised. It will lead to higher cost of living while, while not achieving our targets and I, think they see the the insincerity that he has on this issue, but on you, as I, said I'm here making announcement today that will lower commute times, which means less time people people will be stuck in traffic less, which means a reduction of emissions as well as finding important public transit projects. Those are real, concrete actions that will help lower emissions here in Canada yeah come see, and also should we give a trade we're late on college automobile, East, Pass, Donna traffic, sir very lazy, Monsieur OSI lacks mercy on the project for the transport crewman allows only Zack the concrete give a video nosy, miss Jana, Kelly Malone, the Canadian Press. Many experts say that reducing congestion is more about design of urban areas and better public transport. So how will creating and expanding tunnels and new road links reduce traffic congestion? Well, I can speak to the Matthew tunnel replacement here when you have a tunnel that does not have the capacity to handle the number of motorists who use it. That means there's huge backlogs and that's time spent with cars idling or moving very slowly that leads to higher emissions. So these types of upgrades to help increase the capacity not only means that people get to and from work quicker more time at home, spend with their families, but also less time in their cars, meaning lower emissions as well. So how precisely do you plan to prioritize projects given the provinces, make decisions about what projects get forward for federal approval or federal infrastructure spending, which is always slower? So what specific aspects of this policy make? You think that you could speed it up? Well, I'd point to the fact that the trio Liberals have been completely unable to get a project spill to the Parliamentary Budget Officer indicated that there is quote no plan and that this money that was spent didn't lead to new projects being built or completed. So what I'm announcing here today is that we all work collaboratively with province. We will be establishing this criteria as to whether or not transportation projects lead to reduced weight commute times, and that will be the federal government's position as we negotiate. These agreements we've had a great track record. In the past, the previous Conservative government had a record amount of projects built the record levels of investments in infrastructure that were completed on time on budget, and that is the type of model that we'll be pursuing with with a collaborative approach with the provinces. Obviously, provinces and municipalities will have their priorities as well. Ours will be reducing commute times. Harvick there's also an EVO. Do Google more long, single moon or console to enable our extra linear, so that June is even complete. A visual project, a Salem MSP conv, adopt a CB circle is not a neo, the government of all their team, a pour new syllable, the priority, their credit on traffic, become common, a project with the enemy good afternoon. Mr. chair JB, Tasker CBC News. The can occur campaigning with today. Mark Dalton, a former BC liberal Emily, has supported the carbon tax in the past. Of course, he was in a government that brought it about. He said that it's a way to reduce to change, behavior and reduce emissions. Are you comfortable with having a pro carbon tax person in the conservative fold and has he renounced his position on this? Conservatives know that Justin Trudeau's carbon tax is not working. Conservatives know that under Justin Trudeau we're falling further and further behind, while the cost of literally everything is getting more expensive and that's why our real plan for the environment includes cancelling the carbon tax, bringing things like the green home renovation, Tax Credit and taking the climate change fight global, and that is the the piece that Justin Trudeau just does not understand on this. That Canada can do so much more to reduce global emissions by exporting the things that we can do well here at lower emissions and exporting clean technology. On this day of national climate action, your and asking more money for roads, bridges and tunnels. Does that not strike you as a bit tone-deaf, because, obviously cars are a huge source of emissions in this country? Well, obviously, when you can shorten commute times, you reduce the amount of time that people spend in their cars with their engines running, so that will lead to lower emissions as well as I mentioned. Today, we will be supporting public transit projects, specifically the Ontario and Yonge lines, so we have a balanced approach that will speak not just to make reducing traffic times, but also expanding public transit post. You mentioned the Parliamentary Budget Officer you've mentioned the 31 cents that you think gas prices are going to go up by that you have an ad out which says that a $2, a litre gas is just around the corner. Yeah the Parliamentary Budget Officer says that's gonna happen sometime around 2030. Are you misleading voters? Not at all we point to the added combination of the carbon tax, as well as the liberal fuel standard that the leanest of that figure. We also highlight the fact and I call on Justin Trudeau to come clean with Canadians. He will not tell people what his carbon tax will increase to. He is making these types of announcements today with no details and refusing to answer how much Canadians will have to pay for it, but we do know that that carbon tax will go up after the election when he doesn't need your vote, but he still needs your money. He's gonna raise that carbon tax, and that means more money out of the pockets of Canadians, making life more expensive. With all due respect that the PBO suggests, that's gonna happen in 10 years time, including the fuel standard 31 cents, but in 10 years, not just around the corner. Well, III, don't believe anything. Justin Trudeau says when it comes to costing. When it comes to tax hikes, he is not as advertised. He cannot tell the truth to Canadians I, don't believe, there's a single Canadian out there that thinks that there'll be a richer by by paying a carbon tax. We know his carbon tax will go up. We know he's raised other taxes and that's why it's so important this election to defeat Justin Trudeau, so that we don't get hit with an even higher carbon tax after the election CTV um. You mentioned your children, your five children in your in your speeches around the country, I'm wondering if you think that global warming is a threat to your children's future I believe it's very important not to leave children, an economic deficit, a fiscal deficit nor an environmental deficit, and that was one of the inspirations behind our real plan for the environment. So I absolutely do believe in order to leave our children a better environment than we inherited. We have to have real action on the environment, concluding climate change, so there are about eight. There are about eight climate events here in and around Vancouver. Will you be at any of them I'll be showing how we're taking this the climate change issue seriously with announcements like this: investing in an expansion of public transit in reducing commute times and highlighting other aspects of our environment, to plan like the green public, transit tax credit and our plans to take the climate change fight global recognizing that we can do more to lower global emissions with an environment plan that that speaks to what Canada can do well here exporting clean technology around the world. That is actually going to be better off for the planet than a carbon tax that chases away jobs and investment to other countries with lower environmental standards, with a worst track record on on making these types of improvements and raising the cost of living. We should we do in Canada, yet it's in the media they live, did switch. The energy jumped nationally Rougeau, three windows Whittaker. This is even mala excuse and the Moto Guzzi complet MIDI connector and a compact see the electronic energy in a Geneva 2. Sorry, Canada, a deputy participate. You see proposed a this action conquer see fashion first in Kudo, the fair jest the Marche doesn't manifest manifest. As you know, zombie. Now it horrible attack the Plantagenets Widow on Tom really wanna hear they know Sibley Allah. We see a vac in a nose like the this action concrete. It's a see two days, 11 the actual pastor, Molly, more beaucoup de la Gardie lecture on thermo allah, awj, agree generals. Ladies action cannot remove that part. Yet, even so tricky ball, I'm cooler, Jesus only way to the periods experiment. Am I kawaii. Cmda selectable is a matter. Sony Gaza Kassam porous. It is only what to proxy, contradict one a to Pascal comedy a little later on the white road on risotto, Fernando, creamy, seven, realism, ECOC, it was in the wrong I, don't saying, expulsion, transfer or commune on Valois in plough equilibria survive very long pyramid, a locality. We put you the Canadian history, I'm Daphne Brennan from the bank on her son. Your candidates in these two Coquitlam writings, as well as your candidate they're, all committed to they are committed to you versus your candidate, believes that even in conversion therapy, can you explain how having candidates like this I understand that your position is. You would not reopen the abortion debate, but you say that you're letting your MPs will be able to bring in private member's bills. What can you say the Canadians about who don't believe in things like conversion therapy? This will not be well. First of all, I can assure you that our government will always stand up for LGBTQ Canadians and their fundamental human rights. I will also point out that I made very clear in the past that I will not support any effort to reopen these types of debates on on these types of social issues and Cannes can have confidence in that. Nothing has changed for our party on this issue and it will not change under my my Lucia yeah Vienna shows a poor, naturopathy dollar settle it quickly. A victory can be a compromise about what a consulate 10 major their university back by choosing candidates such as this one of the candidates in this ride and the neighbouring riding was actually brought in by the party. Not was not the other candidate who wanted to run was was pushed aside. Does that not say that what your party is trying to do is to use the abortion debate to in fact get people elected? Mr. Sherr, you frequently cite the Parliamentary Budget Officer that she began your remarks today by citing him and the Parliamentary Budget Officer has written that the carbon tax and rebate will leave 80% of Canadian families with more money at the end of the day and at that net benefit will increase over time. Now, if I go to the supermarket and I say well, this markets, like $100 of my money but I, fail to mention that I got $100 of groceries. That would be misleading. So I want to ask you. Why do you not talk about the readings so, first of all, I, don't believe, there's a single Canadian that believes that they're richer for paying a new tax or a higher tax. Secondly, I will point out that the Parliamentary Budget Officer had to take the figures that the Liberal government provided. So there was so they were I, don't have any confidence in the in the figures that Justin Trudeau is giving. We know that Justin Trudeau gave a massive exemption to large industrial emitters. Big industrial emitters have negotiated themselves up to a 90 percent exemption from the carbon tax, hard-working moms and dads and three years they have to pay the full brunt of it, and we know that when you add in the higher fuel costs higher home heating, increased expense with with goods and services where small businesses have to pass on their costs. That Canadians will be worse off under the carbon tax, and you also cite British Columbia as an example of why carbon taxes don't work and haven't worked in the past and I just want to read to you some comments from the legislature by your own candidate marking. Our carbon tax appears to be working. Independent studies have found that between 2008 and 2012 fuel eosin BC dropped by 16% per capita in 2015. A review of seven independent studies suggested that B sees carbon tax has reduced emissions in the province by 15%. The world bank is called a model program. Fuel use has declined here since 2008 increased in the rest of Canada and BC now has the lowest income taxes. So, where do you get your information that the carbon taxes failed in the last year? That figures are available? Co2 emissions went up in British Columbia, so it went higher. What we do know is that Justin Trudeau's carbon tax is making Canada fall further and further behind our targets, well adding the cost of everyday essentials. So that's what we're basing our figures on afternoon: Monsieur David David from Global News, thanks very much thanks for bringing the m2 BC. So in 2012, you may remember called Joe Oliver was the natural resource Minister and he put a letter out in which he described the kinds of groups that organize today's climate action things that they had a radical ideological agenda. He referred to environmental and other radical groups and was quite clear that you know environmental groups were just bad for Canada. You were speaker at the time. I, don't recall if you weighed in on that. So that's gonna weigh in now. Did you agree, then, with Joe Oliver's assessment? Do you agree now that environmental groups are a bunch of radical ideologue, the ones that are organizing the things today, I believe the Canadians? Who want government to take the environment seriously are justified in expressing their concern, and that's why we have a real plan to tackle co2 emissions to reduce co2 emissions, not just in Canada but around the world, and that's the piece of that. The Trudeau Liberals are missing in here. We could shut everything down tomorrow, shut it all down power, everything down and in a matter of days, emissions from China, India Indonesia. It would replace everything we did here. So if the goal is to lower the amount of co2, that's in the atmosphere, any plan that does not have a global context is doomed to fail. Our plan has that global context. We're gonna export clean, Canadian technology, we're going to do more of the things here in Canada that we can do at a lower emissions rate that is actually going to be better for the planet than a carbon tax that makes everything more expensive and just drives jobs and investment out of our country. So, given that today's climate action strikes are a global event and I'm certain hundreds of thousands Canadians are demanding global action from the likes of China and they may agree with your plan and you've missed what seems to be such an easy opportunity to show your solidarity with Canadians, who want that kind of global action, I'm kind of thinking, you're getting the point you're so hard on these things that if the Rough Riders won the Grey Cup you'd skip the parade and Regina. Why would you just take an easy option to go and say: - Ryder, - Ryder, for you said right, see the traffic's, so bad, so yeah. So just again, it just seems like such an easy thing to show up and be with other Canadians who think this is important. What on earth was the downside for you not to take a few minutes out of your campaign and say I'm with you guys with all yeah I know what you're talking about a pre marches and events that Justin Trudeau is participating in and again I'll say it's extremely ironic that Justin Trudeau is protesting his own government's record of failure. What I'm doing here is showing my support for those who want real action on the environment by making announcements that will lower commute times and thereby lowering emissions and as well as expanding important public transit projects. Those are concrete steps I've seen so many of the signs in these marches saying action, not words and I agree. That's why we're committing to concrete actions. Hi good afternoon mr. chair I'm from NTD uncover my name is a Vivienne I, just no question that a Chinese community really care about Cara Hong Kong SEO? What's your comments on that? Thank you. Well. We of course support the peaceful displays and and and protests in Hong Kong Canada. The Conservative Party will always be a strong voice for democracy, for freedom for human rights, and we do support the rights of the people of Hong Kong to to make their views known. In addition, we've called on this Liberal government to increase consular services for Canadian citizens who are in Hong Kong I know that they have not it that they have not done that other countries have they have not. So we are continue to support the one nation to one one nation, to systems of policy, but absolutely stand up for the rights of the people in Hong Kong to protect their rights and their ability to make their their voice heard. Thank you very much.