Fantastic. Thank you very much. Thank you very much all right. Well, thank you very much. Everybody and I want to begin by thanking Reed and Gretchen for having us here in Surrey and for hosting us and sharing their stories with us. This neighborhood brings back a lot of memories. For me, I grew up in a very middle-class home in an end unit townhouse in the south end of Ottawa, and my parents had to work very hard to make ends meet. We didn't own a car. They were able to give us a good quality of life, but we had to make choices I like to say that they were always able to give us everything we needed, but we didn't always get everything that we wanted. My parents had to watch every penny. This is back when we still had pennies and when interest rates went up or when we had to call in a plumber, it was a source of real stress. This was the reality of middle-class life for my family and for Reid, Gretchen and their family and for millions of families all across Canada I wish. I could say: life has gotten easier for Canada's middle class, but it has not. People are working harder than ever, but many are barely getting by or even following further and further behind they're. Definitely not getting ahead. Yeah Capcom, which teams with oh I, do Kennedy a key lever in town for a day like last when they come, they cackled Adele, Daniel and a long term entree to donate, to supplement paths. So we could put on the deadly on holiday sake at 11%, a Femi Canadian revenue more keep a, or should we wits under our two-piece. On a pole. Four years ago, Justin Trudeau told Canadians. He had a plan to help the middle class, but, as the last four years have shown, Justin Trudeau is simply not as advertised. The fact is. 80% of Canadian middle-income families are paying $800 more in taxes, Justin Trudeau hiked taxes on parents who signed their kids up for sports or music classes. He raised taxes on transit passes and on textbooks and worst of all, he made his government's signature policy. The creation of a new tax, one which already jacks up the cost of gas. For our cars for heating our homes and for she's a carbon tax which, despite a desperate cover, is set to grow even 5 times larger than it is today. If Trudeau is re-elected and he's able to hike his carbon tax, the price of gas will go up, 31 cents per litre. The carbon tax would raise the price of natural gas for a Canadian household by 469 dollars per year. That's eleven hundred and fifty one dollar hit to a family's household in Ontario, 1151 dollars that could have been spent on you on your kids on your retirement. You don't need to be an economist to know that when you drive up the cost of gas and home heating, it is low and middle-income Canadians that are hardest hit. So we do know, though, who is getting ahead under Justin Trudeau, its millionaire trust fund owners or corporations. Looking for special deals, all the while he's called small business owners tax cheats with the Trudeau Liberals. The government has made life more expensive for hardworking Canadians, while the wealthy and well-connected gets special access. Middle-Class Canadians deserve better. You deserve better. Your family deserves better. It's time for you to get ahead! That's why we're going to scrap the Trudeau carbon tax? That's why we're going to take the GST, an HST off of home heating and energy cost saving your family every year? That's why we're going to make public transit passes more affordable for some? That could mean up to $1,000 back in their family's pocket and that's why we're going to make every cent of maternity benefits tax-free, giving new parents up to $4,000 to save for their kids? Which brings me to why I'm here today, it's time for a universal tax cut that is focused on you and that's what a new Conservative government will deliver a tax cut targeted specifically at taxpayers in the lowest tax bracket, we're going to lower the tax rate for the lowest income tax bracket from 15% to 13.75%. This lower tax rate will cover all income in the first tax bracket, which applies to income up to forty, seven thousand six hundred and thirty dollars. So what does this mean? For you means that every Canadian taxpayer will see their income taxes go down and those in the lowest tax bracket see the biggest proportional benefit of all. It means that an individual earner would save over four hundred and forty dollars on their taxes and a typical two-income family, with average salaries would save over eight hundred and fifty dollars. That's eight hundred and fifty dollars back in your pocket. Each year, every year, above and beyond what you were going to say from scrapping the carbon tax. This we ever denounced a good new bro guru, government, conservator, vabase Eilat Odom position, teletraan Tempah's, SEO la pluie, bas, the case person at Ray's, Verger swats on canes person, Soto deposition, release a liquor at Julie revenues de la première, tranche deposition, circus, oblique or revenue, just care concurrence that Karen set mill system, Rantala, Lucas, Geisler signifi. So that's significant to look at contra Bible Canadian for home. They are impulsive, a revenue demeanor, a a circus et Dona trans deposition, la Priebus voluntarily, pilgrim Avinash. So that's significant particular economies: ur cats, own cattle, our temple, infamy typic, avocados revenue, when the economy is able to the wits on second Allah, say with song seungheon Tala dip loose, Donna, posh Shakuni. It means more money to pay the bills, to pay for groceries, to save up for your kids, education or maybe even a family vacation, more money for seniors on fixed incomes or recent graduates and new Canadians who have just entered the job market. More money in your pocket, more money for you for your kids for your retirement. You shouldn't have to be a billionaire to get your government's attention. You shouldn't have to have a full-time government lobbyist on retainer to get noticed. Instead, you deserve a government that simply respects how hard you work and how much you already pay and the epochal Emilia diarchy the rarest of all atoms yodeler go tomorrow. Julie. Can it be a merry tune? Government respect was there for a compromise age' as a government and a prime minister, whose first priority will be to help you get ahead. I will be that Prime Minister and on behalf of our conservative team, I'm asking Canadians for your vote so that we can give you the real break that you deserve. Thank you very much. Merci beaucoup, so you've got your forms out already: yeah yeah I, guess for a few, a few months away from that, but yeah yeah. So so you mentioned, you have children yeah, and you said there recently married both of them recently and boys or girls, one of each one of each okay yeah so was yeah Missy beaucoup to the moment, see that's Khaleesi. Thank you very much for being here very excited to announce a significant tax cut for every single Canadian. The universal tax cut. We are gonna, be dropping the lowest tax bracket, something that will benefit every single Canadian taxpayer. In this country, news an Olivia, Lee sample portal, a Canadian Clara. This is part of our entire campaign package that will be focused on putting more money in the pockets of Cannes, so they can get ahead. I have to take your questions. We are absolutely committed to balancing the budget over a responsible period of time. Five years we are going to get back to balanced budgets, while we find ways to lower taxes, put money back in the pockets of Canadians, so they can get ahead. I've made the commitment that, while doing that, we will make sure that funding for important services like health care and education continue to increase by at least three percent, and we will be releasing a fully costed platform that shows exactly how we're going to get back to bounce budgets. It's know, there's there's no secret, that we don't agree with some of the wasteful liberal spending, like the 250 million dollars that they put into the Asian infrastructure bank, building roads and bridges into other countries. Well, as I said in the coming days, will be showing Keynes exactly how we're going to protect core services, balance the budget and lower taxes. It's also important to remember that massive deficits threaten those very social programs. We've seen that in the past, where liberal governments have run permanent massive deficits for several for firfer for for very long periods of time, that puts such a huge strain on those very social services that they came that they claimed to care about. So that's why it's so important for the factual edtc, who did equilibria BJ come up the leaf of the Aloha saysay asansol d'ivoire and Buju equilibria pass Lake identify soul, dead national imposed, a cupola Canadian on the montreal, a Canadian come all that Olivia and bougie équilibre mmm town called, let's say, put our own dollar posh than a crush injury over Monterey Oconee Kennedy. No, that won't in platform back to Lee ship-to-ship way. Allegheny impulsive are welcome. Trouble is the a pony. There is apparently the Canadian on a DJ affair on a digital called asterik large on pool a program. Socio cameras on take illogical, continuing auntie Amy over eliminate Legaspi Ashley liberal affair. Vac. This song sang chameleon, derailed on a bank tephra structure. As yet I alre ady on well motivated to Lacanian. Come all ye may say cleric: Nimr kill the kettle. - f, - block - Joel sound. Only the latest web don't pass or a glass say the console Turkey to roll. They found religion today, Quebec or I came across news of our canoe, like the Quebec was coming. Asean dolls in Canada uni news ever than a Quebec in Sierra, UNESCO, say to say supernatural party: keep a livery leshawna québécois Ombudsman come in sofa for tempo INXS, a system we party, conservative key professor, is say so. Mom are keep accomplice agent. Who, though al are poor to Lake a bukkake requires kiss on 10 a distance below, say certainly constituency, so mom war keeper will compress a well look. I mean it's clear that no matter who the leader of the bloc québécois is that they're always on the sidelines, never actually on the ice fighting for Quebecers and fighting for the interests of Quebec, it's only the Conservative Party, which has stood up for the interests of Quebec. We were the ones that recognized that they came back. Why are a nation within a united Canada? We were the ones that gave Quebec a seat at UNESCO. We are the only party that can replace Justin, Trudeau's, liberals and I'm the only person that can replace Justin Trudeau as Prime Minister. So if people in Quebec are tired of Justin Trudeau, his wasteful spending, his massive deficits, his higher taxes and the way he's conducted himself on the world stage, there is only one choice in this election. Your party is asking for the Liberals to fire Jeff and all his comments. Obviously it depends on as I said yesterday, there are there's more to it than that. There's there's context and all of these things, but look it's quite clear that Justin Trudeau and his liberal team are complete hypocrites on this file. He still has not condemned the anti-semitic remarks from one of his candidates, insanely in our say Michelle, so they can continue to focus on on on these types of personal attacks. We are gonna focus on delivering real results for Canadians, like this Universal tax cut. Canadians can now know that under a Conservative government, after October 21st, they all will get a government that is constantly looking for ways to lower taxes. Liberals are constantly looking for ways to raise taxes. We did a trek layer here, soir the show's key, please present, kiritanpo Masekela fetch names kudo refused. They didn't on sale, a powerful anti-semitic, some proper Candida sake. Lurkers said today and strategy. They, the palliative ladies attack, come sir men Newsome constantly so natural platform Kiba. Let's say: production delay particle in La, Canadian, postal worker apparel event in October, a perv on government to Jewish life asunder. Let's say: $2,000 partially, the coop, the coop Depot. Your candidates were homophobic comments and Islamic comments and you're, saying if they say they're sorry about it, that's fine, but not a point. You to my remarks a made last night where, in which I was very clear, I'll tell you one thing: if we're talking about vetting candidates, there's one candidate that I'm very concerned about in this election, there's a candidate who broke ethics laws twice, who is obstructing the RCMP s, attempts to obtain information that who invited convicted terrorists along to a state dinner and who has repeatedly broken promises to Canadians and who still has refused to condemn anti-semitic remarks? That candidate would never pass a conservative vetting process and many of your speeches so far, we've heard you make a claim that 80% of Canadians in the middle class saw their taxes go up by around $800 and that's based on a Fraser Institute report. That does not account for the CCB and it doesn't fully account for how lives have changed in the middle class. Financially, so, are you purposefully trying to mislead voters, not at all the the report that that those numbers are based on is accurate is an accurate reflection of the taxes that people pay, the taxes that have gone up under Justin Trudeau when you factor in the fact that he's cancelled tax credits for children's sports activities and music lessons when you factor in the fact that he canceled the public transit tax credit that we will now bring back to put more money back in the pockets of Keynes when you factor in the the elimination of tax credits, like the the textbooks tax credit that young students were able to benefit from. All of that adds up to the fact that Canadians are paying higher taxes today than they were in 2015, and the cost of living has also gone up, and that's why our entire campaign is focused on making life more affordable, putting money back in the pockets of Canadians on another topic during the scrum overnight on the plane, you made a comment about major court rulings and including assisted dying so wondering what your view is on this assistant, assisted dying law, and are you proposing changes to that long? Well, as I mentioned last evening, this Court decision will have a major impact on Canada's rule laws around medical assistance in dying, and we will of course be studying that law that ruling very very carefully so that we can respond appropriately. This is obviously something that has been relatively recently implemented in Canada and, as expected, you know when, when this bill was being debated in the House of Commons, many people pointed out that it would likely be tested in the courts very early on that's what we're seeing and so we'll have a comprehensive response to that in the coming days. Mr. Scheer Omar stretch Adina from CTV national news back in May, you said and I'm quoting you I, find the notion that ones, race, religion, gender or sexual orientation would make anyone in any way superior or inferior to anyone else. Absolutely repugnant, and you went on to say, and if there's anyone who disagrees with that, there's the door. You are not welcome overnight on the plane with reference to your candidates, you said, if anybody apologizes for for their comments in the past you're. Okay, with that, you accept that. Do you not see a double standard or a contradiction between what you said back in May and what you told us on the plane. What's important is how people conduct themselves today. That's what's important is how they take responsibility and how they signal their support for quality rights of all Canadians and the candidates that we'll be running under our banner. It will and must demonstrate that commitment to fundamental equality rights for all Canadians. That's the standard that that I expect and again you know. If we want to talk about what candidates have said. We have a candidate, puts broken ethics laws. We have a candidate who invited a convicted terrorist to a state dinner. We have candidate who is obstructing the RCMP s, attempts at obtaining information into possible obstruction of justice charges, and we have a candidate who refuses to condemn anti-semitic remarks from his own party. That candidate would never pass the conservative adding process but back to you and your candidates, I mean in a race that appears at this point tight between you and the liberal leader. The fact that you have several candidates that come with considerable political baggage. What is the political strategy for you for doubling down? Instead of finding new candidates to write the the political strategy is focusing on the things that we're hearing from Canadians affordability, making life less expensive. We are unveiling measure after measure designed at putting money back in the pockets of Keynes to deal with the cost of living Christ crunch that we are hearing from coast to coast. That's why you're seeing policies like the public transit tax credit like removing the GST, an HST off of home energy, making maternity leave, benefits tax-free! That's why we're announcing this universal tax cut today? That will benefit every Canadian worker who pays taxes in Canada. That's the focus that we're going to be continuing on until October 21st and we're excited to implement that after the election from the Canadian Press, there was a terrible shooting in Mississauga overnight a teenager was killed. Several others seemed to be critically wounded. It's raising again the question of guns with possible restrictions on guns. What is your feeling are? These are any restrictions or changes to gun, right, gun laws and gun registration access to guns that you can foresee making as Prime Minister well, thank you very much and take this opportunity to send my best wishes and sympathy and condolences to the victims and their families. This tragedy, as we learn more information about it today. Obviously it's a very shocking shocking tragedy that that is going to touch the lives of so many people in the community. Obviously, we want to thank the first responders as well for for their actions. Canadians have the right to feel safe and secure in their neighborhoods, and parents shouldn't have to worry about their children getting together and worrying about what might happen to them. With violent shootings, my plan for a safer Canada specifically addresses illegal firearms. It it talks about giving greater resources to K and border Service, Authority z--, to track and crack down and and and and and capture, illegal firearms and firearms that were trafficked, as well as greater penalties for people who commit these types of offenses, including gang members, and what we do know about. Some of these shootings that have gone on over the past few months is that they are related to gang activity and that's why we need better laws to deal with things like the bail conditions that known gang members receive. That's why we need greater cooperation between different police agencies. That's exactly what my plan for safer Canada talks about, and that's exactly what we'll do after the election after reform government. We allow amount of way my sympathy early, the victim lf-- me say. The same tragedy had significant for polar community, a say: Claire Corona between the pre default, poor, Sibley, lay-lay, Darmouth, illegal early Lamar birthday, the gang the who takes a natural plan poor and in Canada please secure security over Sibley ladronka song. The only game on the historical, a pen giving exactly the the ladies act comes out, so some pretty severe rhetoric, lee junki camellia, the cream, comes from the responsibility. Why do you think or do you think that anyone in Canada should have the right to own the kinds of semi-automatic weapons that seem to only be designed to kill people? Well, I refer to the police. Chief's on this, who have acknowledged that you know seizing or banning certain types of firearms are not the preferred course of action. It diverts valuable police resources away from going after the real criminals going after the guns that are smuggled in illegally Canada has very comprehensive gun laws right now there are many types of firearms that are not legal in Canada, specifically because of of the risks that they would oppose to to society. Conservatives support a comprehensive firearm safety laws that put an onus on responsible firearm ownership and ensuring that people who use firearms in the course of committing a crime face significant penalties, especially members of gangs, who we know we're hearing from police chiefs that their preferred course of action, their preferred where they would rather see government's focus on is going after those gang members going after people who receive bail and then go right back into the gangs that they were part of Andrea fend, that's what they are asking for. So we listen to the experts on this and that's the approach that will be taking yeah news. Acuto. Ladies expel a leash after police key news, Anika Lou Lou come on -. You know it clearly Google Mouse. Similarly, ladies, are illegal le marbre taganga, it's a sailor sailor up there busily lured them all a new perspective, hi mr. Shearer Janice, Dixon, The, Globe and Mail on what we learned on NAFTA last night. You said: if you became Prime Minister, you would fix it. What can you actually do? Would you have made dairy concessions? It's quite clear that Donald Trump ran the table on Justin Trudeau and, as we learned a couple days ago, at the very last minute he was presented with a take-it-or-leave-it deal that forced him to accept all the concessions that Donald Trump was demanding. It's we had. We had urged Justin Trudeau to negotiate from a position of strength, focusing on things like market access. He chose to to do otherwise, and now we see the result of that specifically what we will do after the election is. We will work on a one-off basis to get a better deal and some of the the failures that Justin Trudeau left us with. For example, he agreed to a cap on exports of dairy products to other countries that, after a certain threshold, Canadian have to charge themselves tariffs on exports to countries unrelated to NAFTA. That's unbelievable that he would agree to that. Those are the types of things that we'll be focusing on and we believe we'll be able to be successful in that, because conservative governments in the past have been we were able to obtain exclusions from the buy American provisions in the past. We're able to get longer-term deals on softwood lumber in the past. Those are the types of things that we will do in the future. You also mentioned last night that now we have quotas on autos I'm wondering where you've got that information. It was suggested. It's not accurate. Well, I was part of the deal that was ultimately signed. There are our caps on on on parts and I can certainly provide you with with a reference to that hi, mister sure, Katie, Simpson, CBC News. Given the framework that you laid out last night, two reporters on the plane. You said that as a law as long as the candidate who made controversial comments in the past as long as they own up to their mistakes, apologize for their mistakes, that you can work with them and and you can move forward with them. Given that framework, when you look at your 2005 speech on same-sex marriage, I know, you've said you're not gonna reopen the issue you're not going there, but given the way you describe same-sex marriage, comparing it to a dog's tail, do you look at your own comments and do you feel the need to apologize for them? What I indicated last night is that it's all about the way whether or not people support fundamental equality rights and whether or not they show respect to every Canadian and every group within Canada, and that is the that is what we will continue to to do as a party. Our party supports the Equality rights of all Canadians and will continue to do that, so you I, don't that you did not apologize in there. So are you not living up to the own? Your own standard that you've set for your candidates, as I said it's what's important, is that our candidates support equality rights of all Canadians. That is what we are going to continue to do. The Conservative Party believes in fundamental rights of all Cannes individual liberties, fundamental charter rights, it's Justin Trudeau, who has eroded those types of rights and in his time in office, we are going to stand up for their equality rights of all Canadians. Thanks very much. Everyone.