The best party good job there is Oh Chris, ETA ETA, why you have so that was so I all right. That's true! Yeah you good morning, everyone! It is great to be here at Nano, 1 joined by our strong liberal team, and particularly the next member of parliament for right here in Burnaby, South Neil Umbra didn't examine mo tae-bum an okapi monitor, torneio travelbee avec, not rickety barrel local machine Lisa knows alehrer Sangamo own Italian country, yada, yada famiiy, the owner of a powder not blow for a deal. A class Moya today, I want to take a bit of time to reflect on our liberal vision for the future of Canada, a vision that moves Canada forward and does so by tackling the most fundamental challenge facing our generation climate change. Last Friday we saw historic demonstrations for climate action in cities around the world. More than four million people participated in climate strikes, from Germany to Uganda, from Australia to Bangladesh people, young and old, showed up to demand leadership and change. We shouldn't be surprised. We are living in a breathtaking pivotal moment. Citizens are coming to a major realization. The climate choices, the climate crisis is real and people are waking up and it's because young people, led by the likes of sixteen-year-old Greta Thornburg, are driving the conversation they've seen the science things are now more urgent than ever before. They've seen the impact with floods and fires, destroying entire communities with forced migration with dwindling air quality with species extinction, and these kids are scared because they know this will become their mess to clean up. Climate change has been a catalyst for some tough but inspiring. Conversations with my own kids, who, like so many of their friends, just seem to get it. Unfortunately, not everyone can say the same. Some politicians, usually in conservative parties, throw their hands up and say, there's nothing. We can do they record falling back on the approach. They no vest neglecting our environment and pretending climate change isn't real or if you're former conservative, Finance Minister, Joe Oliver, you admit the climate change is real. Then you turn around and insist. It's a good thing for Canada. But here's what we as liberals say. The climate crisis is real, but we can't waste any more time. Conservative leaders have wasted enough. It will take courage and planning grassroots leadership and government investment, but if we mitigate and adapt, we can win the fight against climate change and we can lead that fight from right here in Canada. In fact, we have to since our country's warming nearly twice as fast as the rest of the world: kibou zen-yi, deconvolution, ng, homologies, Okavango, pasa to town Shalini, no han sido hatred or a passage Tanana to save a party denote. We don't seek a Canadian v Canadian comprendo Pelageya le por todos de Poitiers Nakayama park. Wa Saban baklava never serve a COC demanda enorme mantra by the trapeze le pré acid Li Ming ratio, the Swenson t universal Russia, that was a Liberty Malik energy, unlimited default, Elizondo, okay, ahsoka 40, the SUNY inter symmetrical Hawaii on the record pub Casa la playa de las Kelly, shows circles effect, see we hope so nickimja days on the press. Does she happied none years from now? I want to look my kids in the eyes and say we stepped up in the fight against climate change and we've already started the hard work. Our plan isn't perfect, but we're making real progress, putting a price on pollution, protecting our oceans, phasing out cold, banning single-use plastics. These aren't piecemeal policies, but crucial parts of a larger plan. Businesses are stepping up to, but not fast enough. We need them to act because as a government and as citizens, we can't do it alone. We have to move faster than ever before. We have to stay hungry for change. We have to keep going so a reelected Liberal government will keep moving Canada forward. Canada is on track to reduce our emissions by 30 percent by 2030 compared to 2005 levels, and just this morning we committed to exceeding this target and to join in countries around the world in reaching Net Zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. That means not putting any more carbon emissions into the air than we take out. This will be a huge opportunity for Canadians it'll require us to slash our emissions, transform our economy and use the power of nature like planting trees and protecting ecosystems, to bring us to NAT zero. It's an ambitious target, but it's doable here in Canada will appoint a group of ex to help us chart a path forward and we'll legislate five-year targets along the way we will hit Net Zero by 2050, not only because we can, but because we must and a big part of our plan to get to Net Zero includes creating an economic ecosystem where clean tech companies can thrive. The global, clean tech economy is a multi trillion dollar opportunity, and so the clean tech market is exploded. This is the way the world is going. This is the next great economic frontier companies and countries are already innovative. They see what's coming and they want in not only to curb the impacts of climate change but to capitalize. But conservatives want to bury their heads in the sand denying the science and hoping that other countries will step up. They have no plan to reduce emissions, they have no plan for jobs, they have no plan for the future. All they've done is Drive innovators away. Liberals, on the other hand, want Canada to lead in the global, clean tech race. We want to drive that solution. That's why they reelected Liberal government will cut corporate tax in half for zero emissions, clean tech companies. This would include, for example, companies building battery technology for electric vehicles for those working on next-generation solar panels. We have the talent, we have the vision and we already have the reputation as the best place in the world to start and grow a clean tech, business Google, normally b'hala leads. We huh Dermott, see Lepidus out to a peacekeeper. At least they take zero initial results. Asap Eclair accompany a fable, diverticula vehicle s, 0 initial result, oppressed, imagine equation: generación de ponerse, a la una, hora de la la revisión, a reputation dead, Lommel Hanwha, Oh Mon Calamari, a Farquaad en otro país de technologie crop loss, gopher Avicenna, Tropez, agua dulce de person, na sua Lisa Paco, povidone Edwige, a en el juez hola transition. Editor chief car also create a vile attacks, a la formación in sutures Don T's on birds, one policy dodging economy, prevalent, religion tell you were at about 1800 your honor, a coffee on the Terry solutions, multimatic in oh, the Canada, the dealer de prony P, o monde an affair. In reality, información que la huaca driba la vida, no community, no cinema. Oh sorry, my poor degeneration Avenue some continuing affair, a vicinity, a son, Oprah cote d'ivoire therapy result replace the technology progress on prosper, una situación, so Takahashi a fairly schwa prevail. You know, travail are sipping with our economist, not transition, ecologic, my friends, here's the reality. The major policy discussions ahead of us will be centered around mitigating climate change. This is a fact. This is our great global challenge. Politicians, academics, scientists, entrepreneurs, Canadians: we will all be seized with it. So here's the question you have to ask yourself: do you want to be represented by a team that has a serious ambitious plan and is committed to doing more or do you want a team of climate deniers with no long term vision for Canada's, environmental and economic future? Conservatives want to take us backwards to make pollution free again. This isn't an exaggeration, they've told Canadians that that's what they'll do they ignore climate change because they don't think it's an economic issue, but they couldn't be more wrong. You pay for climate change when your basement floods or when the highway washes out. You can't make it to your shift. You pay for climate change when you're facing higher insurance premiums or when tourists skip your town, because the smoke from neighboring forest fires is too much. You pay when a drought devastates your crops and you pay when deadly heat waves paralyze your city for days, climate change is already making life more expensive for Canadians. We have to take it seriously, and that starts with setting ambitious but essential goals and outlining how we're going to get there. We're not just investing in clean tech and public transit and climate resilient infrastructure. We're investing in Canada's future we're investing in our kids and we're investing in a better tomorrow. Here's the long and the short of it our plan creates jobs and reduces pollution. The conservative plan will cost more and do less Doug Ford Jason Kenney Andrew Shearer. This generation of conservative politicians are all the same when it comes to the environment, they just don't care and they just don't get it news alpha. While the questions easy simple new solutions- markee Mazyck, the conservator, no canary palms, no, we on worthless ill. The feathers in this election Canadians are faced with an important choice. Will we move backwards or will we stand together and choose forward? Here? Is our promise as liberals, we won't give tax breaks to the 1% or to big polluters, but we will make life more affordable and fight climate change. That's what we're offering a real plan for families and for the future I'm for moving forward for our planet, for our kids for everyone. Yes, next we're shifting CBC News. Your plan offers very few details on how Canada will get to this ambitious goal of net zero emissions by 2050 year, environment, minister and now Liberal candidate said as much this morning and said. The first thing we need to do is to get through this election. So if now is not the time for precise policy than when is oh, we inherited and target that the conservative set and did nothing. We made our way three quarters of the way to that target in just four years and over the next 11 years. Canada will meet and surpass those targets unless we elect another Conservative government Canadians need a government that will wake up every morning, focused on fighting climate change and committed to a better economic future for everyone. The Conservatives have never shown that commitment. They've, never shown up on the fight against climate change. We have demonstrated concretely our leadership on climate change, we're going to continue to move forward. That's the choice. Canadians are facing the conservator soon mr. Harper Oh fixity Sibley silikal non supreme', Yamanashi duplicate renacer on Geo Tracker, the new sim in on the older laughs near we can adapt but attain a deeper C system. You can't even persuade nur, namah Shiva concentrate heavy here shock, not a combat relations, a climatic compound, karma party in economy pool at near the news alpha, which is alpha because avatar known Shannon, demoed, 3sat engagement, know she immediately occurred this year at la na alert context of mathematics per se that what your immediate changes. Why are you doing something like taking the advice from your own advisory panel and implementing your own commissions vehicles, regulations and mandates? That are more your turn. We have moved forward on a broad range of significant and meaningful actions over the past four years, whether it's banning single-use plastics, whether its massive incentives for zero emission vehicles, whether it's phasing out coal, whether it's protecting larger areas of our land and marine ecosystems, or whether it's putting a price on pollution right across the country. We have done more than any government in the history of this country and we recognize there is much more to do. I look forward to talking about those next things that we're going to be doing over the course of this week, but today this investment, this commitment to draw in clean tech, innovators from around the world to both generate the solutions that Canada and the world is going to need and benefit from the trillions of dollars in the zero emission Akana of the coming years is a significant step forward that is going to help us fight climate change. The Conservatives Doug Ford and Russia R Jason Kenney have demonstrated time and time again that they're just the same when it comes to the environment that they just don't get, they just don't care, and they just don't get it. We do. We are going to continue to step up, because we know that this is the issue that matters for our kids and grandkids. You know you're setting this target for 2050. Meantime, your own numbers show you're, not meeting the 2030 targets that experts say are also too low. We will be meeting and exceeding our climate targets for 2030. We know that we need to continually increase our ambition and that's exactly what this government will do. The choice for Canadians is very, very clear. You either go with the Conservatives who have done nothing to fight climate change and who promised to do nothing to fight climate change. You go with the government that has continued to lead on the world stage and at home on fighting climate change and will continue to do so in a way that creates jobs, opportunity and a brighter future for all Canadians. That is the choice in this election pseudo-celebrity Gianelli, Quebec, Eskimos economy, clip names only tonight, fellas, evaluation of elemental necessar auto-connect can transition valve in an economy. Proper disciplinary Philip passed a freezer that he was somewhat poor at the bat speed on the project. Even was amnesia, not Lucy blood detection, ligase fair, he not burst, wound double zero initial conduit. Second, we know that we need to keep moving forward towards cleaner sources of energy towards greater energy efficiency, and that's why we are evaluating projects on a rigorous scientific and environmental basis as we move forward. That's something that's different from what the Conservatives did, who didn't understand that the way to move forward is by rigorous environmental and oversight and partnership with communities, including and especially indigenous communities. We will continue to understand that that is the way forward in order to get to reducing emissions and getting to Net Zero by 2050. So don't walk up question from that thing. You mean bully Supergirl the italic. What -? Well, the remain an Islamist years, a total poser concave up come on over I read on Kappa Montana lives, wishful thinking, canola, accessibility, Oh completo own, a diamond tree. Oh just Katrin own. It Olivia at huaca de 10dc, Rizzoli calico, servitor navigation in Alamosa, Xavier, no Salman, Khan, Tracy Sydney over large Amanda Posse, see Sabrina Yoko Kanno key to show pre safaris, Angus, Moore, Oh Jose de la Motte see Lizzy PO, accompanied by pork ad technology. Zero initial news, omni no Salman a party plan model is opportunity. Economic, new, velmont, original Donna, no dondokomon means an Aussie Pavel Italian si Sybil obesity so necessary for lab near the neutral planet. You say that we're going, you insist that we're gonna meet our 2030 targets and, in fact surpass them, but not really giving us detail today in full about how that's gonna happen, and it's not the first time we've heard a policy in the last week announcement with a lack of detail how our voters are posted aside on what you're offering, if you don't actually explain the details of what you're offering I think. The first part is to recognize that we inherited targets from Stephen Harper that he did nothing to meet, because conservatives don't take action on climate change and we reached three-quarters of those targets in just four years now over the next 11 years. Canada, if we keep on track and choose forward, will continue to meet and surpass those targets, but we recognize there is a need for continued ambition. That's why this announcement today, coupled with the announcements we'll be making over the coming days, that will make it very clear to Canadians that our plan will work. The announcement we're making today highlights the opportunities for jobs for economic growth, while engaging in the trillion-dollar opportunity, that is the zero-emission economy technology from mr. good morning. David. You wonder what is your reaction, please to the court decision today granting BC an injunction against the elbows detects? How much more complicated is. This argument between two major programs is making the whole idea of ensuring the expansion of TM excavator. We we recognize that the federal government needs to stand up for the national interest and that will always be our approach, but we also recognize that Canadians expect rigorous environmental oversight, partnership with indigenous communities and responsible ways to move forward I'm not going to engage in internal conflicts between two provinces. My responsibility is to look out for the national interest in the national interest, means making sure we are fighting climate change with a strong, ambitious national plan that will reach and surpass our targets while at the same time we're securing jobs and a future for our kids and grandkids an autotroph via an international se, puso Connaughton claimed essary regard. Honest evaluation am beyond mortal cough as depart Ananya villa community particular mana community of God convey Oscar party in Greenville News emission ragazza effects a tutorial music, the sampler in his opportunity, economic portal mode on secret police, a conservator profile where the policy DVD dokkan, axiom, solenoid conditions, mathematic, no less weight, rack Level II can attain a lead level. Have extra governor money be arrived yet demo, trees on leadership, evac incinerate, choisir on development conservator, you have Yaya, so they did protection automatic your thoughts on the latest developments. Nebraksa crisis, the Superior Court Supreme Court decision I have been very clear from the very beginning, my perspective on brexit as being the wrong choice for the UK, but, of course, I respect their decision to make their own choices and Russia R has also been clear on his perspective on grexit. He always thought it was a great idea. I think we've seen the instability and the challenges that the UK continues to go through, as it is wrapped up with this issue. We will continue to stand by our friends, both in Europe and in the United Kingdom, as they figure out this extremely complex and difficult situation, but we certainly deplore that they are so consumed by this issue that it is interfering with their ability to lead on so many other things where the UK's leadership in the world is so necessary, Clemence, greater CTV, News hi mister. Can you explain why your government decided to improve as an honorary council to Montreal from Syria someone who's a supporter of Bashar al-assad and who was called the white helmets of terrorist organization? Obviously we are quite seized with this issue. I have personally spoken with Minister Freeland this morning. Who has assured me that she is looking very carefully into how this has happened and ensure that we have next steps to share with you soon. Kofi omikuji, family and I mean it's awfully conscious matter, al-mansouri, kiloton train! This is the components kissy posse. You know at the questions otaku, who get to meet sings writing here. You've said last week: you want to apologise him directly. That call hasn't happened as far as we know, and will you be trying to see him he'll be here later today, you're gonna, try and see him speak to him about today. I can assure you that our offices are working together to coordinate that by the conversation. No, she keeps talking because you're poor colonies, if they're convinced that so creamy yesterday in Hamilton, you refuse to answer a very simple question about the costume that you were wearing in blackface video team by global. You know, all you said was that you were being very frank and open with Canadians. How can you say, you're being very frank and open with Canadians, when all you're saying is you're being very frank and open to Canadians I understand the question about the costume, but let me make it very very clear: there is no situation in which that would be appropriate. The racist history of blackface makes it wrong in any situation in any circumstance. I did not know that then, and I should have and I take responsibility for that. My joy culprit with the Vancouver Sun I have two questions. The first is why I make this announcement today in Burnaby. There are many voters here who were still very upset about the purchase of the pipeline and separately. How do you square the promises we've made today with the edges of that pipeline? I think Canadians, here in Burnaby and right across the country, know that we have to fight against climate change with dedication with seriousness and in a way that brings all Canadians. Along with us, we've seen what ten years of Conservative government did to our positioning on the Environment Canada at the federal level showed no leadership under conservatives because they didn't and they don't take the fight against climate change seriously. We have demonstrated that we have. We have done more over the past four years than any government in Canadian history in terms of protecting marine and land areas, investing in a historic oceans, protection plan banning single-use plastics moving for with a price on pollution right across the country, phasing out coal, demonstrating investments in zero emission vehicles and technologies and in renewables in general. But we recognize there is more to do and a highlighting an extraordinary startup company, a scientific company like nano one that is part of that figuring out how to reduce emissions and get to Net Zero by 2020. 50 is why I'm so glad to be back here in Burnaby I was at General fusion, just a few buildings over a few years ago for a similar visit and announcement. We know the Canadians right across the country need a government that wakes up every day focused on fighting climate change. We have been that government and will continue to be that government if Canadians make that choice in the coming election. The alternative choice is to go with the government, a Conservative government that has never been serious about fighting climate change either for the environment or the future of our economy. That's not what Canadians need you invoke. Conservatives often in your remarks this morning, but a lot of vancouver area writings are competitive for the NDP for the Greens, largely on the climate question. Both of those parties have climate platforms with targets similar to yours, but with a lot of detail. Why should voters here who rent climate is such a tough issue who are upset about the trans mountain pipeline? Why should they just you in the Liberals on October 21st, to deliver on climate change? We have demonstrated our capacity to deliver over the past four years. We are three quarters of the way towards our targets for 2030 and will surpass them over the next 11 years. We know that fighting climate change, putting a national price on pollution, phasing out plastics, investing in the green economy, phasing out coal moving forward on renewables, putting a price on pollution across the country are the big things that needed to be done, and yes, there is much more to do and the plan that we are putting forward this week will demonstrate how clear that choice is between a conservative party that does not actually fight against climate change. That does not see as it as the the most important economic issue of our time. The Liberal government that will continue to move us forward in the right way. Minions about the greens and the NDP's climate platforms, I think it's! It's really important that there are a lot of Canadians and a lot of different political parties that are talking about the need to fight climate change. But the plan we are putting forward is a concrete and tangible plan that will achieve Net Zero by 2050. There will achieve and surpass our 2030 targets. It will continue to demonstrate that climate change is a real and pressing challenge to individuals, families and communities across this country, but is also an opportunity to grow, to innovate and to have a positive impact on the world. That's what Canadians here in Burnaby across the country want to see, and that is what we are proposing as a government Tesla vikander Center Vancouver other than your promises about pipeline safety and consultation. What do you have to say to indigenous voters who are disillusioned by your purchasing of a pipeline and you're asking everyone to happen? We are pleased to be working with a large number of indigenous communities and leaders across Alberta and BC who are interested in becoming partners in the TMX expansion. We recognize that there are strongly held views on both sides of this issue and we are listening very carefully to people with concerns to minimize those concerns to demonstrate the kind of partnership and respect that is at the heart of reconciliation. But it does no one any good. It does our environment no good to continue to get billions of dollars worth of discount from selling our resources only to the United States, as opposed to opening up new markets where we will be able to bring in more profits to invest as we have committed. Those profits in a greener future in transition towards is NetZero economy. That is what the path forward is Canadians, particularly here in British Columbia understand that we need to both grow the economy and protect the environment. At the same time, the BC government has done that for many years with its world leading carbon price, and we are continuing to do that, because that's what British, Columbians Canadians and many many indigenous peoples also understand- is the right path forward and specifically about your treatment for Jory awesome right bolt for business. We continue to work with indigenous communities across BC. I was pleased to move forward on historic agreements with it so protein. It moved forward on many tangible issues that indigenous voters are putting forward, that indigenous Canadians have concerns with whether it's the fact that we've eliminated 87 long-term boil water advisories across the country and are fully on track to eliminating the 50 or so more on schedule. We've invested in new schools in new health centers we've created partnerships that go to the very relationship that is nation-to-nation and we recognize there is more to do and we will do it in partnership with indigenous peoples here in BC and across the country Kelvin gali Burnaby, now you've promised a national housing strategy of billions of dollars to go with it. But if you ask my curly the mayor of Burnaby that money's nor to be found, he said he's asked her government many times in vain and nothing has come through. So what do you have to say to people in Burnaby that are waiting desperately? I was very happy to sit down with Mayor Mike early just a few months ago to talk about housing, to talk about infrastructure, to talk about the concerns they have around the TMX pipeline and we work together to build and strengthen Burnaby. Our National Housing Strategy represents 40 billion dollars worth of investments. Our first-time homebuyers plan is something that gives up to 10% off the purchase price of a first home for young families here in Burnaby and across the country. We're gonna continue to work with municipalities. I know, Mike was very pleased with the doubling of the gas tax transfer that we did this year that led to tangible impacts, investments for people in Burnaby, but I continue to look forward to working with Mike and municipal leaders right across the country on responding to the pressing housing challenges we actually increased. The first-time homebuyers benefit were committing to increase the first-time homebuyers benefit, so that more people in the Lower Mainland, including in Burnaby, will be able to access the support they need to buy their first home. This is something that's important for people here, but indeed right across the country. Yes, it alone. Thank you all.