Thanks very much I want to begin by thanking the courageous men and women who have joined us today for the vital work that they do for sharing their stories with us and being so open and direct with us about the challenges that face so many families here in the GTA and other neighborhoods across Canada. Throughout this campaign we have laid out a clear plan to put more money in the pockets of Canadian families, so you can get ahead. At the same time, however, we must always remember that too many of our neighbors too many Canadians are facing even more serious challenges than being able to pay the bills. What should be o Canada relief? Could they fami impaired, delay sailors on fall, jidoor valley? Are they color, p ecause todavía knows army the Canadien D Kennedy NSYNC, yet telepresence the gang dollar quartier. You know / colors on phone deviants alone, please day gang days, aren't Televi loss. They did I do it today in Canada there are families worried about letting their children play outside or walk to school for fear of gun violence. There are Canadians who are worried about the gang presence in their neighborhoods and whether their kids will fall into the vicious cycle of gang gun and drug violence. They're worried about the plague of opioid and methamphetamine addiction was costing lives and tearing apart families and communities and worried about the vile practice of human trafficking and the innocent young lives it puts at risk. Every single Canadian deserves to grow up and live in neighborhoods free of violence and crime, and they expect their federal government to pass and enforce strong laws that keep them safe and on this Justin Trudeau has failed instead of going after gangsters and criminals who use guns to commit violent crime, Trudeau actually reduced the penalty for gang crime to as little as a fine, instead of passing the buck off to other levels of government. It's time that Justin Trudeau showed some accountability for his own record. It is beyond dispute that the gang criminal who is prepared to shoot a gun illegally is also prepared to own a gun illegally. But don't just take my word for it. Toronto Police, Chief, Mark Saunders, has said quote in recent years. We have seen that 80% of firearms are coming in from the border and also quote by and large shootings have street gang connotations to them or our street gang-related. It couldn't be more clear to tackle gun crime. You have to take the tackle gangs, Justin Trudeau's plan, forcing firearms owners who already follow the law to follow more laws will do nothing. We have to target the source and that's what my plan is all about. First, we will eliminate automatic bail for gang members, we'll also create a process to automatically revoke parole for convicted criminals who associate with gangs after they have been released from prison. Every week the justice system releases violent game criminals onto the street. The police know these gang members are violent. The crown attorneys know they are violent, but the bail system releases them anyway. Under a conservative government will stop the revolving door once and for all will also create new sentences for violent gang crime. Anyone who commits a violent gang crime will spend at least five years behind bars and we will vigorously defend these sentences against legal challenges currently with each gang-related trial. Prosecutors must prove time and time again that the gang is a criminal entity. No, our police force has already know the factions and gangs that terrorize our neighborhoods. So a Conservative government will formally identify gangs in the Criminal Code in a manner similar to what we currently do for terrorist organizations. This will help reduce court delays and the waste of prosecutorial resources and ensure fewer gang members get released on a technicality. Now the same time will pursue smart gun control measures to keep illegal firearms off the street. It will start with strengthening background checks so that they work as intended under our plan, will ensure that the RCMP is contacting references for those who apply for a gun license. It will also include cracking down on smuggled firearms. We will create a Canada, Border Services Agency task force that will work with local law enforcement on both sides of the border to disrupt smuggling routes and intercept smuggle guns as they enter Canada, and we will amend the Criminal Code to make possession of a smuggled firearms, a crime that will carry a mandatory five year. Prison sentence: LaPlante arresting kudo-kai visa obligee, a proprietary, Dharma, 30, respected Allah, a respected Aloha, never being fair, it forcibly last source the problem. They say, mapa premier, o news, allow eliminate la libération, sukoshi, o automatic demand, a gang use, allow OC clay and processes, poor, refused a automatic mo the liver has young, conditional or criminal hurricane incapable key on day contact a vector gang kills call is sought. The prism on Google, more conservative are at a la port or not in bond for protrude who's alone, a table or duty, well pain. Please severe play claim the gang viola for away the criminal or Moines Seco they're here flee bajo, a news around I found recipient constitute contestation judicial. Actually, oh no poor shock process, yay a gang, Lapras, sweet or Shack for prove a Kelly Gang viiay at an anti a criminal. Now, first up Alaska Ness deja they groupie the gang heater is no Katya news, a lousy prendre des measure. The control pore on Peschel is arm fa la guerre, the sickle, a Dahlia grew he's alone, come on, say Parfum for say, lay verification, dis, aughtta, Center. Pork is a lady I told you about natural boundaries. Are a survey. Clergy are say, contact ly reference to see, demand impaired me, deported on a news alone, modify Ellicott criminal, pour faire de la posición, then armed the contraband in chrimbus, habla de Centro, we zone, Oh buddy, get wha will ensure that firearms are kept out of the hands of dangerous individuals. Anyone who knowingly provides a firearm to an individual who has been banned from owning one will face up to 14 years in prison. We will back up these measures with new investments that give our police forces the tools they need to keep our community safe. This will include a dedicated sixty million dollar fund to help provinces and territories, make investments to fight gangs, along with an additional 12 million dollars for gang diversion and prevention programs that keep kids from falling into the cycle of violence will also create a police infrastructure grant program to allow municipal police forces to purchase new and innovative equipment to combat crime and will create a national framework that allows for better information sharing between individual police services on gang and gun crime from coast to coast. Our plan will also tackle the opioid crisis in our communities. Unlike the Liberals, we don't believe legalizing dangerous drugs is the way to keep Canadians safe. The only way to truly win this battle is to give more people a pathway out of addiction and into recovery will invest more in building or upgrading recovery, community centers recovery, high schools and treatment centers. This will give those who suffer from addiction, their families and those who have recovered its spaces, where they can get the help and the support they need. We'll also revise Canada's drug and substance strategy to focus on recovery, and we will recommit to a national education program that will inform our children, youth and teams about the dangers of drug use and to protect the innocent children and families, we'll help municipalities clean up and dispose of used needles on public property. Finally, a Conservative government will implement the harsher penalties for those engaged in the despicable practice of human trafficking targeting the most vulnerable, the vast majority of whom are young women and girls for sale into slavery, is disgusting, obscene and unacceptable. That is why we will amend the Criminal Code to remove the need for prosecute to demonstrate that a trafficker exercised, coercion or an element of fear over the victim. Many human traffickers operate much more subtly and will end automatic bail for all human traffickers and, if convicted, they will receive consecutive sentences for each of their victims. Loser on claim program, dedication, national for informing us on phone; no shame in Asura lesson: the doll Jade Electric. When government conservative IOC impose a depend, persevere, a circus, a leave and a critique ignorant, ignoble, delicate. The person sibling leap, live, Anuradha, dollar grow majorities on asian from adv, pallav, andhra, honest clever, ad goethe, obscene in an acceptable, say. Pourquoi news allow modify the code criminal for eliminate the necessity poor Lapras sweet, the demon tree can traffic on Italy Zilla contraint will appear countless Eric, M, tadam road traffic on the person, some beaucoup blue, so Noah, a new salami Tripoli liberation, sukoshi au automatic, the truly traffic on the person, a silver canoe kebab news alone. A survey kill the suave. They pen consecutive poor, shaken, tell our victim on October 21st. The people of Canada have a serious decision to make about crime. You can choose Justin Trudeau, who has made sentences softer and laws weaker for gang criminals and whose only plan to fight gun violence is to somehow make criminals start obeying the law or you can choose a Conservative government that will do the hard work of going after criminals that will impose new and tougher sentences for gang crime that will stop guns at the border and that will take real actions to keep our neighborhoods safe. So you can get ahead. Thank you very much. Merci. Beaucoup have to take your questions. Clément writer, CTV News, mr. Sheeran citizenship issue. Could you explain clearly how many times you filed tax returns to the United States and exactly how much taxes you paid in the u.s.? Well, as I said it's, it's not a big deal for Canadians to have dual citizenship. There are millions of canes who have had a parent born in one country or another and and I've always been tax compliant I've always followed those laws, but respectfully you didn't address my question. I think you want to be clear and open about this incorrect. So why don't you say how many times did you file a tax return to the US and in total, how much taxes did you pay to the US? As you know, in Canada, in the u.s. we have a tax treaty, so I've only ever earned income in Canada, so I filed those taxes and I've always earned income in Canada. My salaries been publicly available on the on the House of Commons website widget. Clearly, sir thermo Canada more salary public, more disponible, so that's it. When I kept the CBC to Canada episode, I mean set lot like coastal chef, Jason Knudsen against data. He accused Watkins that him oopall dafwa a deal, the manipulations. What did Jason Kenney a hump of did Alexia unconfuse I, miss you pal Sasha occupied Meili, doesn't know Paris on many platforms. What Masood address a said situation so a mr. Apple has addressed this situation and I look forward. I, look forward to working with Tim Apple as part of the conservative team. That's it Alexi only better, not steal an IT going to sound the set election earlier. Come on Georgie. Like an engineer, said more confianza put zigzagoon nationality, a doctor's prescription possible I guess to come up with a Billiken animal confluence to the monkey case. My my famiiy sec say: au contraire or contrast into doc. He fed a promise promise on the McCain's Eclair easy Rahul g'day to the Canadian dollars year. Further, since la la la montee, a delicious Pandorica bang avec une intentional their affair al-aqsa cleric the question on the conference, but Acadiana they can identify our confidences tend to do. Mr. shear Janice Dixon, the Globe and Mail I have a question about innovation. Leaders of Canadians scale of technology companies are concerned that parties don't have specific plans to help them grow. What are your plans to improve access of domestic companies to capital, to talent both both in markets here and also abroad, so they can grow into companies like Shopify, for example? Well, that is a great question and I've met with many representatives of the high-tech industry and companies, startup companies and people who are responsible for incubators and and facilitating Canadian companies to to grow to starting to scale up and they're, often very frustrated that Justin Trudeau seems to be focused on the big giant international companies, while ignoring the great stories that we have here at home, and so our innovation agenda will absolutely help foster startups and scale ups here in Canada, one of the one of the ways that we will do. That, of course, is by tackling the regulatory burden. I made an announcement a few weeks ago or I said there are so many regulations in Canada that prevent companies from starting and growing and other countries have a more competitive environment for business startups, and we'll have more to say that, of course, in our real plan for the environment. A huge piece of in of that is innovation, supporting research and technology development, the green patent tax credit as well so I'm, very confident that were under a Conservative government, we're going to see a great deal of economic activity in startups in high-tech and innovative research. Ok and there's a video circulating of one of your candidates right now online from Burnaby, North Sea more. It shows her saying that homosexuals recruit children. Were you aware of this, and will you stand by this candidate? I haven't seen this particularly that you're referencing? Of course our party stands for inclusiveness and the rights of all Kings, including LGBT Cannes, and will always do so good morning. Mr. shear receptive Aliante, the Canadian Press just a couple days ago, you mentioned that the further cuts to your foreign policy and your foreign policy wouldn't affect the commitments that the Liberals had made to maternal health reproductive rights around the world you're one of your spokes people just said recently that the Conservatives would not get involved in a UN ongoing UN argument over the over abortion, how that fits into international health? So my question is: do you think the Canadian government has the responsibility to defend the right of women and girls to access the full spectrum of sexual and reproductive health services around the world? I think it's been very important for Kings to understand that the laws on this issue will not change under conservative government axis will not change. This is a debate that divides Canadians. That's why we will not reopen it. That's why access won't change your home and we're certainly not going to have a divisive debate at the international level as well. Yeah, the Canadian Parivar coffee on Scalia, National, Park, pond dong-geun or conservatorship relaxer on a long seungu demo in ecology, pond or governor actual clean energy products or food ^ are in the body, VC VC, okay, no, you know you know international and on the announcement of today on gangs and guns, one of the points is one of the points that you had mentioned in your policies: to revise the Canadian drug and substance strategy and another you spoke about in the bullet points, investing in treatment, centers, recovery, centers and that kind of thing, but you didn't mention safe injection sites and the current laws around that. What a conservative government change anything regarding the current Canadian laws on safe injection sites. So I have had this question before so uh. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to be very clear and to repeat it. A conservative governor will respect the decisions of the court. That's we will always do that. We will also, however, recognize that community voices need to be heard in these decision in these decisions, and we do not believe it's it's fair to moms and dads who are worried about their kids, walking to school or playing in a playground that these sites are put in without any type of consultation or without adequate levels of competative Constitution. That is something that we will ensure happens. At the same time, the focus should not be on maintaining addiction. We don't do addicts any favors. If we just could you merely make it easier or if the focus is on just maintaining a life of addiction? Our preferred route is to start to build a capacity for recovery. That's where our focus will be enhancing the ability for health systems and for different levels of government to different government agencies to get people off of a life of addiction, so they can have a full life under your government. There's these these centers could be closed down or move depending on the community. As I said, our focus will be on making sure that community community consultation is done done properly and then it's robust and that the views of the local inhabitants of an area are taken into account. So had a survey call a thank you to lay the feedback, the community they may have had a pair they're on TV. Doesn't quite so sometime do a saw at the less a CBC. You say you have didn't hide your dual citizenship, a US and Canadian citizenship, but it was brought up numerous times by your party. So I'd like to know when you told your party that you hold dual u.s. Canadian citizenship and we're you know. Finally, following the rules and filing us tax returns as well as Canadians as I said everyone who knows me or knows my family knows, my father was born in the United States and that's been open with that. So you didn't officially disclose it I'm just wondering cuz. The issue came up because your party was attacking other local figures, for it. I wasn't leading the party at that time and you were involved in those discussions and attacks for other people. So I just wonder it's not a big deal in Canada for people that have dual citizenship. There are millions of Canadians who have had one or another parent born in another country and, as I said, I decided to after one the leadership that I would I would renounce my citizenship, and so I have had meetings with the representatives from the embassy to tell them those renouncing my citizenship and have submitted the paperwork so just to clarify it didn't come up when your party was, you know talking about other political figures and criticizing other political figures for having dual citizenship. It didn't come up and you didn't think. Oh maybe I should say I'm. Also a dual citizen, as I said: I wasn't leaving the party at that time and I've always know it's not a big deal to have dual citizenship here in Canada, okay and there's a strike looming on Monday here in Ontario, your office is spending a lot of time in Ontario this week made last few days. What does that strike do to your chances here in this province? People on Ontario understand that there have been strikes at the education level against every political party who has who have been in obvious. Obviously we hope, as we do with all labor disputes, that both sides can come to an agreement. Yes, a cleric or an Ontario yeah. They grave confer upon them. They, the government Atul a party, a come to role, news, espero honk in solution. Lately, Ducati portability don't come in since, since you held American citizenship, can you can you confirm what your office has already said that you never voted in an American election? And can you please also say whether or not you have ever been a member of the National Rifle Association as I believe your father was. That is incorrect, that I've never voted, and no one in my family has ever been a member of that organization. Thank You JJ vote. It was it a genial, can percent among fami, Katie and mambre this at organizational and did you did you disclose your dual citizenship? When you became a member of the Privy Council when 2017 I have always followed all the rules and and and and regulations around being a member of parliament and holding the different offices within that Parliament. Well, as it's not something, that's ever been been been required, it's not something. That's over I've ever failed to be open around and and transparent about everyone who knows my family knows that my father was more in the United States. It's that's quite simple. Good morning, Steve shear with Reuters I wanted to ask about this. Monday is the only English debate and after the difficult debate this week, I wanted to ask you how important you think your performance will be on Monday and what is it? You want to communicate exactly on Monday night mm-hmm. Well, debates are always important. They give Keynes an opportunity to see party leaders hold each other to account. It's regrettable that there's only one english language debate, it's too bad that justin trudeau, ducked out of the foreign affairs debate that was planned. It's understandable, given his terrible record on foreign affairs and the way that he's represented Canada around the world. It's too bad. He skipped them cleans debate that was held early in this campaign. That gave voters an early opportunity to see what the party leaders were talking about I, so I'm, looking forward to Justin Trudeau being there. Finally for english-language debate and obviously I'm gonna hold. Not only will I hold him to account for his broken promises, but I'm also going to use it as an opportunity to promote our plans to leave more money in the pockets of Canadians to talk about our tax cuts. The way that we're boosting the RESP the way that we are going to raise the seniors age, credit, the way that we're gonna help fight climate change on a global context, while at the same time putting more money in the pockets of Keynes with the green home renovation, tax credit, so I'm very excited for Monday's to be. We know that a phenom Olivar in the back of exercise will only get a monkey. A bdellium premier do diba yeah Evita LED busting is a fairly transia super comp wrong, yeah, even below or a blue laser Fair international. It's all a stage. Mondiale may Lindy done in opportunity: poor poor xbk, a proposed a may solution. Poor, say prudish on Tralee posh, taken a knee there on relevee, pure bored, habla, America, Lydia imported a Canadian Canadian, and if I could ask about today's announcement, you know the your plan doesn't include any sort of ban against guns. You say eighty percent comes from across the border anyway, but wouldn't it be useful, I mean why not just ban assault rifles if it takes twenty percent off of the of the board and if I could add to that violent crime, often it you know is economically driven. So why not include a plan or do you have the you know? Do you think you will include a plan to address all the loopholes from money laundering and in Canada, which is one of you know the violent crime? Is it's a symptom of them? The money they think goes into the system and- and we know that it's had you know it's pretty easy to launder money in Canada mm-hmm. Well, first of all, on the money laundering side, you're, absolutely right that this is there's increasing evidence that this is becoming a very serious issue. In Canada, when I announced our housing policy just a few weeks ago, I also indicated that we would be conducting a national inquiry into money laundering as it relates to real estate and, of course, as we get feedback from other levels of law enforcement s--, we would obviously want to ensure that all different types of money laundering or are being looked at so that we can have better tools on the issue of firearms. It's very important for canes to remember that there are already many different types of classifications of firearms that are prohibited and others that are restricted and the Conservative Party will always support and maintaining those those that have been deemed prohibited will continue to be permanent. What we're talking about now is a plan by Justin Trudeau to ask law-abiding firearms owners to follow more laws in response to shootings that the overwhelming majority of what have been related to criminal activity. A drug dealer does not stop to think. Do. I have the right permit, as he's traveling from one part of the GTA to another to sell illegal drugs. He doesn't worry about whether or not his illegally trafficked firearm, his handgun or his sawed-off, shotgun or rifle is prohibited or restricted or non restricted. He is a criminal and he committing crimes, and so asking la vie. Law-Abiding firearms owners to follow more laws is lazy and ineffective government. What this plan does today goes after those repeat and dangerous offenders, and it is on the advice of various police chiefs from all across the country, including Toronto's police chief, who was indicated that precious police resources being diverted to enforce new bands. That will just mean law-abiding firearms owners following more laws diverting those precious resources is actually going to have a negative impact on keeping our community safe. So we're listening to the experts on this issue. Okay, Lily, currently about coffee on school, a laser, my freaky, overly Pro eBay I continue a that. Robin is a very systemic Co Canada who boost poor a different sort is our Mass Ave. A continuation government concept are mainly difference. A que. Se say same a para: su ineffective the force, a lay person on it, the scribbler poodle wa, simply difficile the Sibley Libre criminal, a gang, the root missus, a society shows conv, fair, assume, guru our conservator good morning, Janice McGregor from CBC News, Mr Shearer. When was the last time you traveled on your American passport and used it to enter the United States, sir anywhere else. I would have to go, go back and look I I've, never renewed my passport as an adult, so it expired when it said, I would have to go back and look you don't know. I I said I'd have to go back and look at and see one that when it actually expired, I've never needed as an adult something my parents obtained for me while I was living at home and a child and teenager okay, and when you turn to 18, did you register with the US Selective Service as would be required for you as a dual Canada US citizen? This is, they haven't, used it since the 80s, but this is the system that's required by law for potential military draft purposes, even though you were living in Canada, it would have been a legal requirement for did you register I would have to I would have to check and get back to you on that good morning. My name is Jazmin gang from Gerber Korean post. So my question is: do you really plan to ban a handgun on another life or nationally? Well, thank you again for the question, because it allows me to reiterate the point that banning fire additional sorts of firearms has been shown has been indicated by Chiefs of Police from here in Toronto, from Peel from Winnipeg from the Canadian Association of Chiefs of Police, who have all indicated that this would be ineffective, that it would not help address the issue of illegal firearms in our communities, and that is why our plan for safer streets, safer communities, is going after the criminals who use firearms. That is a more effective way, so we're going to take illegal firearms out of the hands members of gangs and people who have you know continually repeat repeatedly commit the same crime over and over, and that is in contrast to just ensure keep in mind that you know we're talking about a government that is actually lowered. Penalties has actually lower penalties to the point where people who are convicted of gang activity have been given. It can receive just a fine. We don't think that's the right way to go. Could you share your detailed plan for affordable life, including land control, expense per house marque, and the medical plan for none insurance for a affordable, affordable life for me, rent, rent control and expense per house murky and medical plan for non insurance? If you don't have, don't we don't have insurance medical right, so the the whole theme of our campaign is about making life more affordable, running a government that lives within its means. So we can leave more money in the pockets of keynes so that they can get ahead right now with the massive deficits that this Liberal government is racking up, its meaning more and more of your tax dollars going to pay the interest on that debt and not going to serve that's why we have to get our finances on control as we do that we're gonna, cut taxes, leave more money in the pockets or cans and make things like housing, more affordable, I unveiled a plan just a few weeks ago. Talking about reworking the stress test, reworking the the mortgage amortization period for first-time homebuyers and we're gonna have a little bit we're gonna have more to say in a little while about how we are going to help address the issue of housing supply as well. So our whole campaign is about making life more affordable with a Conservative government for the next four years. You will get ahead. You'll have more money in your pocket. Life will be more affordable. Okay, thank you. David Aitken, Global News. Good morning your campaign has done centered around the your chief opponent is not as advertised and a lot of people may be. Looking at this revelation of your dual citizenship is saying: you know this guy's kind of not as advertised and I think you're right. Millions of Canadians is perfectly normal. They have this, but a lot of voters I speak to don't like the hypocrisy that your campaign is now based on that the other guy's not as advertised and now you're, not as advertised. Do you understand how that might be seen as hypocritical I reject the premise of their question. David as I said everyone who's ever. Who knows me and knows my family knows my father was born the yes, it's not a it's, not a secret. In fact, he actually worked at a newspaper and worked as many people in the media and was always open about where he was born and where he's from and when we're looking at Justin Trudeau who look Canadians in the eyes and lied, he was asked specifically about the S&C labelling affair and he said things that he knew were not true. That is a lie he promised he would balance the budget in 2018. He didn't, he promise you and make life more affordable. He raised taxes on 80 percent of Canadians middle class Canadians. He said he would represent Canada with strength on the world stage. We saw how that went so when, when canes are looking at what he is offering this election, they know that they cannot trust him to do the things that he is promising, but they can under with a Conservative government. I know anybody holds a citizenship of any country, including Canada's, understands the importance responsibilities that comes with holding that citizenship you're just asked by Janice about. Did you register for the draft and if you haven't been told, let me tell you it's a requirement: it's not an option. You have had to register for the draft. There may have been other responsibilities. You as a US citizen, and now you want to renounce a lot of people, may find it hard to understand why you didn't register for the draft and why all of a sudden in August, on the eve of a federal election in which you were trying to be Prime, Minister you went. Maybe I should do something about that American citizenship. You want to square both of those on the draft and why it took so long for you to get rid of this American citizenship. Well, I, as I said, I will go back on get back to you. On that specific question, you can understand growing up in a household growing up in Canada. That was something that my my father did for me. Well, after after I was born and and I did not renew passports as adults and things like that I made a decision after becoming leader the party. This would be something that I would address before the election campaign. It was a personal decision that I made and and so I took those steps before the election. Thank you thanks very much.