Wow. Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. Merci beaucoup. Let's get one more big round of applause for the next member of parliament, byron, Horner and someone who came to pay a quick visit before I came out here. Deborah graves in the crowd, my former boss and my lovely wife Jill, is with me as well Jill, thanks very much for coming along this journey. With me, Jill mentioned something to me the other day she said we haven't, spend this much time together. Since we first started having kids, we've got five kids by the way, and that often in the introductions against some of the biggest reactions and a lot of people will ask me: what's it like to have five wives a lot these days and the best way I can describe going from four children to five children. I have to say is from a comedian, a guy named Jim Gaffigan. He put it the best he's a very funny guy and he's got five children as well and the way he described it is when you go from your fourth child to your fifth child. You want to know what that's like just imagine yourself, drowning and then someone throws you a baby. That's how it's like so I want to start off this evening with a piece of very good news, because I'm an optimist, some people say I smile too much. Some people say sometimes I I got to lose. The dimples I got to get a little bit angrier, but I like to focus on the positives and a very positive piece of news. I want to share with you today is: we are less than 40 days from replacing Justin Trudeau, scandal-plagued government I know every time I. Think of that it puts a smile on my face. It puts a smile on my face when I think about our great candidates representing this party, all across this country. This election is coming down to one important question: who do you trust to make life more affordable so that you can get ahead now? We all know who's getting ahead under Justin Trudeau in Canada. It's not hard working individuals, it's not small business owners, it's the well-connected! It's the corporate elite people who have the PMO on speed-dial people who can get special access that suggested Trudeau's working for we've, seen that you know in this whole S&C Lewan scandal that has come too late. Over the last few months, we've seen someone a prime minister who has lost the moral authority together, he's broken. It's broken ethics laws not once twice and now he's refusing to cooperate with an RCMP inquiry into what he has done. He's refusing to allow people to testify - to explain to the RCMP what happened he's refusing to waive cabinet confidentiality, so I'm gonna make this call again today, because I've been doing this since we found out and I'll keep doing this until October 21st Justin Trudeau needs to waive the cabinet confidences, so the RCMP can get to the bottom of his. So that's about trust. You can't trust someone who breaks the law. You can't trust someone who breaks promises remember in 2015. He was at a debate and he looked a camera right in the eye and he said I'm gonna be as honest as I possibly can be. We know how honest he can be. We don't have this honesty, see, look right in the eye and said I'm gonna, be as honest as that can be. I will balance the budget in 2019. Well, actually, he said that the budget would balance itself in 2019, and we know the budgets don't balance themselves dude. So he said he was gonna balance the budget. He said he would lower taxes for the middle class. Instead over 80% of middle-class Canadian families are paying higher taxes today than they were in 2015, and his carbon tax is raising the price of everything from gasoline to groceries and home heating. I'm gonna, let Mayer know I've been telling all our kids across the country. This is the very first piece of legislation that he will be asked to vote on and I'm pretty sure. I know which way you're gonna vote will be a bill called an act to repeal the carbon tax. That's job number one. We know the carbon tax doesn't do anything to fight emissions. In fact, the Liberals are keeping hidden their plans to raise the carbon tax after the election. That's always the pattern with liberals is name, you know massive deficits for years and years and then, as soon as the election is over, when they don't need your vote, but they still need your money. They start hiking those taxes all over again but they're trying to keep it hidden because they know it will add up to 30 cents. A liter they're, increasing the carbon tax, in addition to their fuel standard, will mean you're gonna pay more at the pumps. Meanwhile, large industrial emitters have negotiated theirselves a special deal. They're gonna get exempted of up to 90 percent of the carbon tax. Small business owners don't get that commuters, don't get that seniors on fixed incomes, don't get that that's? Why we're going to replace it with a real plan to fight climate change that talks about our plan invests in technology instead of taxes. It also takes the climate change by global, recognizing that Canadians in Canada. We have world-class technology that can help fight climate change. If we share that technology and exported around the world, it also will put more money in your pocket with a green home renovation tax credit that will make things like replacing your furnace or Windows or upgrading your installation eligible for a tax credit. So we're going to fight climate change while putting more about money back in your pocket and conservatives know how important our natural heritage here is across Canada and in British Columbia as well. In fact, I know I mean there's a reason why your motto is beautiful: British, Columbia, I, love coming to British Columbia I prefer to come to British Columbia in January and February when it's cold and Saskatchewan just sort of curiosity. How many people from Saskatchewan are in the room: zero, whoa? How many people here are still Ryder fans? I'm, sorry, B, I know it's a tough year for the hands. I. I am sorry, but you know people come to British Columbia from all over Canada from all over the world to enjoy our forests. The rivers you have here our ocean, coastlines and part of our environment to plan that I am so proud of and I'm so excited to implement. His government is to finally put an end to dumping raw sewage into our rivers, lakes. That's a real plan for the environment and we're going to put more money back in your pocket through a variety of measures to make life more affordable. We've already announced that we're going to cancel the carbon tax. We're gonna go one step further and recognize it in Canada heating, your home in the winter, is not a luxury. It's a necessity. We're going to take the gst/hst off of home energy bill for new moms and dad who go on a I'm at leave or paternity leave. We parental leave. We are going to make those benefits tax-free, recognizing the sacrifices that my parents are today. I announced a very exciting measure: the universal tax cut. We are going to lower the lowest income bracket from fifteen percent down to thirteen point: seven: five percent, putting more money in your pockets by collecting less taxes for the governor for the average couple. That sort of mean 850 dollars a year in savings money, that's left in the pockets of hardworking Canadians, because I believe, as conservatives do, that a dollar left and the hands of a person who earned it is always better spent than in the hands of the politician who taxed it. Allah all that al-dawa and Goethe mom give evil salon same way. A Lord conferred sa food, our John Doe posh, Allah, compa Rhonda, but Ravi blew a parabola. Conservatives are going to run a government that lives within its means to get back to balanced budgets so that we can leave more money in your pocket because it's time for you to get ahead, everyone and that's the choice. That's the choice, this election! That's what Canadians are going to be able to choose on October 21st, we're Justin true, will abuse the power of his office to reward his friends and punish his critics. I will restore ethics and integrity to government and shine a light on his corruption and scandal where he will call small business owners, tax cheats and make a Carter for entrepreneurs to build a business to create opportunities. I will respect the hard-working. Our small and medium-sized businesses do every single day and make it easier for them to succeed where he will embarrass Canada on the world stage and get pushed around. I will represent Canadians and Canada with strength around the world where he will look a war hero in the eye and tell a veteran that he is asking for more than he could give. I will respect the service that veterans have made to this country and honor the government's obligation to them and where he will raise your taxes. Bring in massive deficits threaten social programs, because more and more of your dollar is going to pay the interest on that debt. I will lower taxes every way the government can collect it. So I can leave more money in your pocket because it's time for you to get ahead, that is the choice of selection. Ladies and gentlemen and I'm, confident we are going to win seats all across the country, all across the country seats that we didn't win in 2015 because I know so many people who come up to me and say I'm, sorry, which is a very Canadian way of saying hello. They come up, they say, I'm, sorry, I, voted liberal in 2015, I say it's: okay, it's! Okay! You can make amends for that by voting conservative in 2019, so all of us working very hard from coast to coast. All of us supporting candidates like Baier we can and we will make sure that Justin Trudeau is a one-term prime minister thanks very much, ladies and gentlemen, let's go get fired elected here.