Test one two: three testing talking four jug meat sing, one two, three sound good all right! Thank you, a big thank you to the team, that's here and our incredible candidates. We just had a conversation about housing, something that is very at a crisis stage across Canada, something that we're seeing is an issue that comes up everywhere across Canada and particularly amongst young folks that can't ever imagine owning a place is kind of a no longer even a dream. They can't even imagine renting a place, that's affordable and so hearing the stories of the folks that we spoke to today really drove home, how hard it is for people to find housing and how difficult it is and how worried they are and how afraid they are, because if they have housing the word about losing it and then worried about being able to find something they can afford in the future. So it's a it's a real fear. We want to change that. Don't wanna leave ecclesia pisano jord weak, you know -. She launched the lodgement above table, see if mo managers said, don't situation decrease the meta? No please a person on Park the dart lodge mom I caused the cool them. The lodge mo Yan Vanessa Sasebo co-owned a proposed a the the bat here, sank: sawmill Nouveau, large marble table deaf, your fossil speculation, aqui augment la vie de mezzo yo si vous Ferez ooh Blanche Amanda, junkie, Oh of monokuma zone. So that's why today, when we talked about these these problems, there are some real solutions. For the past thirty years, the federal government has an invested in housing, hasn't played a major role in building new, affordable, non-market cooperative housing. That's why it's incredible to be here at the molehill, a housing neighborhood an example of what we need to build more of something that we need to expand and something that the liberal and conservative governments have neglected for the past thirty years. We're gonna change that we're gonna build half a million new, affordable homes, we're going to make it easier for people to buy their first home. We're gonna make sure that people have an affordable rental option. That's a real, safe quality place to live. We can do that. It's a matter of choices and we're prepared to make those choices. Thank you and I'm ready for your questions. We're not totally ready now ready morning. We need to be ambitious. We are in a crisis and when we're in a crisis, we can't respond with half-measures and what mr. Trudeau and the Liberals have done is say a lot of nice words and not really follow through we're, not seeing a bold commitment. In fact, their housing announcement is 19%, less funding per GDP than the Harper Conservatives, so they're not taking this seriously. And what I'm committing to doing is this that we need to act boldly? It is an ambitious target, it is an ambitious goal, but we need to set ambitious goals if we want to do something to solve the problems that people are facing sure. So we've got a solution that includes a host of measures when it comes to tackling the housing crisis. We know that it's one thing: we've got to build affordable units for people. We also need to tackle some of the root causes. So we've got a plan to tackle speculation by putting in place at 15% foreign buyers tax to drive down the the pressures that are driving up the cost of housing. We've seen it work here in BC. We want to build on that and have a national foreign buyers tax. The second thing we want to do is tackle money-laundering, which is driving up the cost of housing. There's evidence here in BC, where money-laundering has increased housing and the cost of housing by at least 5%. So those are some of the root causes we want to tackle. We know that we've got to build massively we're gonna, put up the money, we're gonna partner with cities, municipalities, NGOs cooperatives and build housing. We've got to do that, but for families that are struggling right now they need a little extra help. The rental subsidy is a way to help those families out that are just on the edge that you know look. They need a little extra help and we're proposing as a rental subsidy of up to $5,000 for those families that are just on the edge those couples where those those those individuals that are just on the edge. You need a little extra help to stay in their home. We can help them with the rental subsidy. So, with with respect to you, know having a the plan to subvert another party paid for by another party, that seems all very troubling I mean Kenny's would be troubled by that. Those are things, I think the Conservative government's gonna or the Conservative Party is gonna have to respond to respond to what why they they did that what they thought were thinking when they did. This I've made it clear that I don't believe that someone like mr. Bernier should have a platform to spread hateful messages, because I think his messages were wrong, and so I made that comment very clear, but at the end of the day, people should be able to discuss in express their opinions as long as they're, not hateful and divisive, and be able to have the forum to do that. Don't G Sapolsky Sookie TC leave a Papa what Janelle cc2 blown a joke on a poppy seed. Low-Fat GD k, mr. Burney naw naw HIPPA, do of all the platform. The experiment is DD in a divisive. My own fat do not assist in the politic on general info ever less past. The expiry Lisa de kum am Little Edie from simpleton I haven't applied, since at the time when it was reported, I was told. It was because of my human right stance on the rights of women, the subjugation of minority communities and my criticism of the treatment of minority communities and I was asked to two no longer have those opinions and I said. I'm gonna always speak up about human rights, and that's why the reason I was keeping well Canadian should expect transparency from from leaders. They should be able to answer those type of questions. If there's evidence to suggest he was involved in the hiring of someone for a certain task. He should be able to answer those questions and I. Think Canadians expect that from their leaders and our right to do so. Chomsky expectation, Kelly, chef, Paolo question the sukkah zone engage a different car, buy a skin on face a city. Kuala boo, see the question: a cookie le Kennedy, a Canadian bomb scare, Leigh Leigh chef 12 upon dosa question. Oh, not at all I'm sure that any country that that participates in in in those type of forms wouldn't want to have participation by all members and I'm happy to continue to build dialogues with all countries. I think it's important for us to have a dialogue and a conversation and a relationship with India, an important world economy that we've got to be communicating with and having open dialogue with and I be encouraging that with countries around the world, including India and it'll, be something that I'm I know. It wouldn't be a problem to be able to do don't c20 and defeat me an important defeat: poorly groomed, no federal de travail, avec de Provence, etc. Important uncertain important hobby in full affair. Buku this a risky exist maintenance on the service K on a mat hona acausal. If I cannot have a on some don't notice, when scientists at the caricatures gonna try by ensemble eatable, you know only Papa seek alchemist your kisnya Monsieur, specific federal, given a delay province, don't not poo poo poo, poo poo in swandam tech, national set program and nacional Kamlesh, yawns and wat saket shows completely edible. Kudamon keen on park, co and daughter may publi licensed medical ma universal. A public Sassicaia shots killed for travel opponents, major Polsky ensemble on per come chillies expert on d, unbelievely and program and service Kimia give us oval our John Paul II promise Sabha to jeweler competence. Provincial pull a liver has owned. A medic mo may see on you till appearance to Chile P ample on fat head, really cool estaba, Julie, Cooper, tulip province, service, oval action, pull a famiiy bullet province, OC, Polly, pulleys Ontario, see don't certain ganyan situation, Daniel, don't on a dish in seizures compound or the question on a DK patchouli program like a Bacolod. Well, the deal, no evac terminal as young complex may on sake. A pulsar program pulse at serviced, pose, will function in forever Tula prisons, prisons on some icy cockroaches k, OC, okay, back on, say, alien program, key exists, key evangelist, miss akuto, sharp as case a EBU head certain system, public TV, SEO performance system, public aunty, arm on public Saba, sovereign company, fish Bullock, a bukkake because Saba eDoc lasondra, please booklet, real la Coupole, a play assumes medicament previa shock employer, don't open frame, Oh, Eddie de mundo, I gotta, say pre-eminently, showed Canadians and showed Albertans what you get with a new democratic government. She fought fearlessly for healthcare, for education, for university students for farm workers. She fought for people have made people's lives better and now we're learning and premier, Notley or now. His law he has said is that with mr. Kenney premier, Kenny he's putting out a whole bunch of massive cuts, are gonna, hurt education and hurt health care, and so we know what what you get with conservatives and what you get with New Democrats I'm I'm thankful for the support, but I don't take anyone's vote for for granted. I know the people of Alberta need supports they're in a really difficult time and I want to ensure the people. A number I know: I, don't want to see any worker left behind. We've got a real plan to make sure workers have a real future with an economy. That's diversified and that's long lasting that creates good jobs for them. I was in New Zealand and in Alberta before the auction. Just before the election me get began and I was honored to have a great support there. Lots of folks in in those provinces want to see universal pharmacare want to see investments in housing care deeply about our national dental care program. It's gonna make their lives better, and we know that New Democrats help out people across this country. So, no matter where you live, if I have mail to get there, I'm sorry I wasn't able to make it out to your province, but I can tell you this New Democrats are gonna fight for you. If you like more do that. New Democrats, unlike conservatives, they're gonna, cut services and I like mr. Trudeau, who likes to say nice words but doesn't deliver on them. New Democrats will fight for you for all the things that you need in your life to make your life better. Yes, we are very confident of our our campaign and what it's done in Norrell mainland here in BC in general, we see a lot of excitement because people are seeing that we're solving the solutions that they're facing we're talking about real solutions that are going to make people's lives better. We talked about housing today. Housing is one of the biggest concerns in the Lower Mainland, one of the biggest concerns for people across Canada and we're the only ones that are proposing real, concrete solutions to tackling the root cause, speculation and money laundering and real commitments to build more affordable housing. That's gonna make people's lives better. We know that people care about health care here in the Lower Mainland and across Canada, and our commitments for universal farming care and a national and dental care program are going to make people's lives better, and we know that people in in BC are going to see a NOS Campion's are going to fight for them. Yeah I want people to know that they shouldn't feel trapped. They should not feel like they have to settle for Less that they have to choose between liberals or conservatives. You don't have to choose between someone who let you down and and fail to deliver on real action, and you don't have to choose. Certainly someone who's gonna cut the services that you need. There is another choice. You can elect new Democrats. If you elect enough of us, we will form the next government, but either way I want Canadians to win to me. It's not about me winning it's about Canadians winning. If you elect enough new Democrats, we will fight for all the priorities that we've laid out. That is that's going to make people's lives better. We know it's gonna make their lives better. So I'm asking for their their trust and their support, don't vote it out or your vote for hope. Won't you! No! On that shebanski city question - mo vector commodity applique down the the shows blown a seal on Gajic condos I burned upon request. You don't see. Buzzelli continued, the fellow travelers a mess, a important, a doozy mo location, the Troublesome GDC ideas, sumo, a party rock like El, Cajon, pepper tree by a CLE conservator across the Lamont, the Vela sick, lucky even cupola service. Don't leave me, don't leave John, don't click revert, Rafael to traverse, Ombudsman, don't say Claire across the salon: a pepper travel on some in a crop, a corner: three monkeys, climatic in paliku, harsh the professor said: Chris. You see a vaca Sipapu parka polish watt FM, let water from the rock liberated from the schwa like a stone. The community LGTBQ chooses on jerky to live a la kiss on park assembly, a new dawn cassie poor Sarah, zonko, JD, Kizuna, Papa Geneva, but Rebecca conservator, don't question the dialog Monsieur Shearer a clerk, Mountie Kotaku police service in a contra; no permit any bank as you need. Em ability C in cash in diversity, miss you see a declare of exit pop: oh la de la control, a schwa, the family, da-da-da-da-da vahanam, Octomom and Cinnabon the mobility oolitic la they say: a Costa Sarkisian people, Kaka Kamsa, lady claireaussi, kidnap people, a community LGTBQ person upon the mobility set clear. He TL 8 o'clock, al Adisa, a on Fat Wreck, Lee Cooper, the service, lady Claire, who see it got cupola service, don some platform, Kitty and on say the occasion I say: take left onset platform, l VAR copy the service la dilamuca to a conservatory trees to the town of activities. If efficacy t Sabadell in vac appeal a service dog, ill napa, monte, la mort, XO Khilafah, assetto, corsa, Cajun, a pepper table avec le conservator yeah. So for me it's a question of value values and the conservatives have made it really clear that they have no alignment with me on important things. They've made it clear. Mr. shears made it clear with his actual words that he doesn't support a woman's right to choose he's personally against. It is what he said and to me that's, that's not a value that I can I can support in any way I believe we unequivocally have to protect persons right to choose. That is something that's fundamental, I believe in in making sure that we invest in services and he's made it clear with his platform that he wants to cut services. Mr. Trudeau is very problematic. He is not gonna, do what he says and that's why I'm asking people to elect more New Democrats. If you've got more New Democrats in place, we will actually deliver on the services that Canadians need. We will deliver on what people need. I've only ruled out working with one party and that's the Conservatives, but if you liked enough New Democrats, we can get all these things done. We can invest in housing and health care and everything that families need on fetch. A syndication, apotropaic bacteria cause de montebello correctly thought co. Nellie, please neo Democrat on per mescon of lis program. Kelly's on this one I see some water, BC I'll be good. Now it's gonna great, give me one sec here you can talk, though we didn't continue doing what we've been doing. We know that people are seeing in us. Real champions are seeing in us fighters for them and I want people to know. That's what you get with your Democrats, so New Democrats can be. Conservatives keep that in mind as well. In ridings across this country, New Democrats be. Conservatives also want folks to know the more New Democrats you elect. You will get the things that you want. We are, we are not in it for the rich and powerful it's one of the big differences. The Conservatives and the Liberals have shown again and again that they work for the powerful they work for the big corporations, I work for the pharmaceuticals, the big polluters. We don't work for them. We work for people and so everything we say we're gonna deliver because we deliver it for people, we're gonna, make sure we invest in healthcare and deliver universal pharmacare. We're gonna make sure we deliver a national dental care program. That's gonna help out millions of Canadians, 4.3 million Canadians at least will get dental services that weren't able to get it before with our plan. We know that we need housing and one of the one of our guests. Our leader today, Alex said it's as simple as just building, affordable housing. We're gonna do that. There's been 30 years where we haven't we're gonna, do it. If you need something, if you need action on climate crisis, which we know, young people are desperate for action, New Democrats are going to cancel all subsidies to the fossil fuel sector. Your Democrats are gonna, make your life better vote for us and you'll have a brighter future I think we've captured the imagination of the country, because we've asked Canadians to dream bigger. We say you deserve better and we've rejected the notion that Canadians should settle for Less and we believe in people. We believe that they deserve great things in their life. They deserve to live a bright life, I see a young person and I see them. Sometimes their eyes filled with fear and I want to replace that with hope and I believe they deserve better and I'm fighting for them and I'm fighting with him for them with everything. I've got and my team is fighting for them because we know that they did sort of so much more and we can deliver it. That's the positive thing on all this. We got here because of choices that were made by conservatives and liberals. We can get out of here with choices that are made by New Democrats for people. So let's do this. I was a pretty cool ending though I thought, yeah yeah I was repeating drunk cyka cyka night view. Avec, don't set election set campaign attend campaign who, owner on a pack latest book le so Tea Party or on a tea on lieutenant, were on the but key I'll appear on a pallet akela mayor Kula be a sassy khaki shorts, coupons, conspira-con AC over Metro novella program, poo Shan ji directions, SP am near a locality, Devi, say new linear Democrat la paga system set elections, a new leap lately, Nanao Democrat over here Lizzie have K tool. Amanda, the the Housatonic V say new linear, the my keeper Haley's ESET have Missy beaucoup. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Trans rights are basically English.