Well, it could have a significant impact on the campaign, because the Liberals were counting on the fact that they would be able to stand up as the party of tolerance and inclusion and equity, and they were really catching and rouscher every time it was going across the country with his individual candidates. On this question. So now, all of a sudden it starts to become a little more difficult for them to do that and, as a result, they're gonna have to find a new way to go after the Conservatives. Well, where it starts to get very interesting, is to see how the three main parties are going to interact interact on this. So the the liberals, conservatives in the NDP, the Conservatives, have really tried to make this campaign about economics. So this is not the debate for them. The real interesting debate now starts to emerge between JAGMAN Singh, the leader of the NDP and Justin Trudeau, the leader of the Liberal Party, and we have already seen what mr. Singh has had to say about this issue. They're going to be coming together on a debate stage in the very near future and I'm sure mr. Singh will be pressing. This point very hard, Andrew Shearer on the other side, on the other hand, probably can just stand back and watch this well, there's there's two parties that the Liberal Party vote could probably go to if people become disaffected, the first one is through the NDP and all of the polling that we've been doing for global shows that for progressive voters, the NDP is a good compromise choice to the second choice for the Greens they're. Definitely, the second choice for the Liberals, but the other party that could have a really big effect on this is one that not a lot of people are talking about, and it's what I like to call the apathy party and that's people who showed up last time around for Justin Trudeau in the election, who increased turnout from 2011 from 60 percent up to 68 percent. If those people don't show up- and they tend to be younger, multicultural, newer Canadians, if those people don't show up with the same kind of energy for Justin Trudeau and the Liberals this time and they decide to vote for the Apogee Party, in other words, stay home. That's also a big problem for the Liberals. It's very unusual for an event like this to come into a campaign and completely disrupt the major brand of a political leader. I mean there's been examples. Most of them we can probably point to in the United States, but I think we're into unchartered waters for mr. Trudeau. This speaks directly to the message that he's been selling the Canadians for the tire time and he's been in politics, and you know today he's tried to apologize for it, we'll see if it's enough.