Now to the federal campaign Liberal leader, Justin Trudeau turned his focus to southern Ontario. Today, Trudeau's chief target in that region isn't necessarily conservative leader, Andrew Shearer, but another prominent conservative, our chief political correspondent, David akin, is traveling with the liberal campaign. David well Robyn Liberal, leader Justin Trudeau, was in southern Ontario for the next couple of days. It's the first time he's visited this region during the campaign and you're going to hear him talk a lot about the Conservative Premier of Ontario Doug Ford. Any number of polls have found the premier to be increasingly unpopular and those boos at the Raptors rally earlier this year. A hammered home that point Ford did not show up for a massive rally: Sunday in Mississauga, lieutenant sation, bianca and rescue, but tweto was there congratulations. Bianca Ford had won a healthy majority in 2018, then his campaign featured the slogan for the people, but then Ford's popularity, plummeted and now Trudeau is throwing Ford's slogan back in his face. The Conservatives like to say there for the people, but then they cut taxes for the wealthy and cut services for everybody else. That line is part of Trudeau's standard, stump speech. Liberals also debuted a new video this weekend aimed at southwestern Ontario. That's a region heavily reliant on manufacturing. The ad is narrated by Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland, in which she boasts about the way her government handles NAFTA talks. We stood up to Donald Trump on trade when the conservatives wanted Canada to back down. Trudeau is trying to make the point that conservatives like Ford and Shearer wanted Canada to back down in the trade fight with Trump and that would have cost jobs here in southern Ontario. Justin Trudeau completely failed to represent Canada from a position of strength. During the NAFTA negotiations, Shearer said he would ratify the new NAFTA, even though he thinks Trudeau did not get a good deal with Trump. Now we wanted to ask Trudeau about US Canada relations about his trade deal with Trump, but for the second day in a row, Trudeau is taking no questions from reporters.