Fantastic, so we're clear here we are, as you know, Frankie the biggest good for good. Stick away, looks better at 51 fantastic on this all right, something's happening yeah. Well, you better! That's all right! At least we know the words I want to acknowledge that we are on the traditional and unseeded territories of the Musqueam Squamish and slate with to some people's. Thank you for coming. You know what this election is about. It's about picking a party that is in it for everyday people, knocking on doors here in Vancouver, Center I've, been hearing from folks that they've had enough of liberal and conservative governments that keep making life easier and easier for the very wealthy for the well-connected for the massive corporations. Meanwhile, everyday folks are feeling squeezed they're feeling taken for granted, but here in Vancouver, santur folks are also telling me that they feel inspired they're feeling hopeful, because they've seen our leader they've seen of taking on the rich and powerful they've, heard him talking about things that matter to families, friends, I'm feeling inspired to and I know you are. So please help me to welcome the leader of the New Democratic Party of Canada judge me. Thank you much very much for joining us. Thank you to our incredible team candidates. For being here, it's been an incredible journey and before I go any further. I just want to acknowledge that, while we acknowledge the territory is pretty Democrat, that's not enough to just acknowledge land that were gathered upon, but also technology addresses that business community is historically continue to face ongoing and that we collectively to remedy those and justices. That means a number of things, but one of those concrete steps we can take is implementing the United Nations declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples. So friends, we're a day away from the election and I want to send a message to Canadians before they go to vote in this election. You do have a choice. We know that Canadians cannot wait four more years for real action and all the things that they need, whether it's families are waiting for help when it comes to health care, families that can't afford the medication they need, families that can't get the dental services that they need I want to like can easily. They shouldn't have to wait and I know that they can't wait. These are urgent concerns when it comes to housing, families that cannot find a place to live. They cannot wait for years for help for young people and for people that are worried about the future of our planet. They cannot wait for years to see real action on climate justice and that's exactly what mr. Trudeau is gonna ask you to do he's gonna. Ask you to wait. He has let you down. He does not deserve your vote. Mr. Trudeau has chosen very clearly to help out those at the very top, the rich and powerful corporations over your families, and in doing so he has hurt families across Canada by choosing to protect the pharmaceutical industry over families that can't afford medication. He has hurt families who are struggling with that cost. By choosing to not do anything to really remedy the crisis in housing. He has hurt families he's chosen to get 14 billion dollars to the richest corporations in the last fall economic statement, but he has chosen to invest 19 percent less per GDP than the Conservative Party. When it comes to how he's made it clear again and again, they would rather help the biggest polluters, allow them to continue to enjoy subsidies and exemptions, rather than make sure young people know that we are doing everything we can to fight the climate crisis. Mr. Trudeau does not deserve your vote, he has let you down and he has hurt families. Mr Shearer is not the solution. Mr Shearer is going to cut services. He makes it very clear: he's gonna, cut taxes for the wealthiest and services for everyone else, and that's gonna cost families much more in the long run. That is not the solution and I wanted to put I want to put this you, you do not have to choose between bad and worse. Well, mr. Trudeau Mr Shearer arguing about who's worse. For Canada we have been talking about who is best for Canada and what is best for Canada, and that is investing in people, not the powerful corporations and that's what you get with New Democrats. We will deliver a real action and all the things that Canadians need. We will fight hard to make sure the health care system is there for you and you need it. We're gonna fight hard to make sure you can find a home to call your own we're gonna, make sure we deliver honest action on reconciliation that works towards remedying the in Justices. We are gonna fight hard to bring real action on the climate justice front because we know families deserve that. We are in it for you, we fight for you, the difference between us and the Liberals, and the Conservatives is while they want to fight about who's worse for Canada and why they continue to work for the very wealthiest those at the very top. We are in it for you. We are fighting for you and we are making sure that we do everything we can to put people at the heart of everything that we put forward in terms of solutions. So so I asked you in this election. My friends vote for hope, vote for something don't vote out of fear and definitely don't settle for Less. You deserve more New. Democrats are going to deliver that dose at Alexios. Every schewe Sickler kill a libya home on less zombie life. A me he's no less Don, Vila trabajar great robbers he's on schwarzy. The Favell is Le Pew. Ich is a famil ofme he's akash. Was he that Danny disease option fillet Kampala where he is on choise is ideally the potentially Kofi polycount a piece pharmaceutic earlier the metronome program Universal, the public pool assumes medical non-secular killing libya ho in america, vodka vote Co cyclically conservative on cupola service, don't with the vapors when he non pas la solution to hide lily problem da navigation, say new. They male Democrat, the Schwab hog, assist silicic achieve a sabbatical polluted controller. His climatic pour on de la vie possible table a possessory caliper, his pillar. Just about say, new been a Democrat, a effect on pass. A new keeper travail on song, avec la has to Canada, keep you near the Caucasus, ok back directly progresses or has to Canada portable some permit on earth Lea program, any service, Philippe political ad, la vie, augment a live edition, say newly diamond. A mother democratic is sabapathy. Then again, once again, friends I want you to know in this election. You can vote for hope you can vote for something. Do Democrats will fight for you at the end of the day. I want this to also be clear tomorrow, I'm hoping to become your Prime Minister I want to fight hard for you. I want to develop a future, that's bright for Canadians, but either way whatever Canadians choose. I want Canadians to win and I put it to you this way. If you elect enough New Democrats, we will form government and put in place all of our commitments, but if you would like to knew enough New Democrats, when will fight hard to make sure that these priorities are realized, vote New Democrat, we beat conservatives, New Democrats beat Conservative government's New Democrats fight for you. Thank you. So much and I'm ready to take your questions. Ouch bad I'll be a toronto star. Throughout the campaign you you, as you just did again, accused the liberal conservatives have been being like beholding to the interests of the rich you've said the system. We have a rigged system against most people and they're sort of the consensus that this has been a very divisive campaign. I wonder if you think that your language throughout the campaign has contributed to this divisiveness, I think it's important for Canadians to have a contrast and to know that there's choices in this election and it's just the fact that mr. Trudeau has chosen again and again to help out those at the very top. The powerful corporations over families he's chosen to do that and he's let families down the Conservatives not going to make things any better. They have made it clear that they're gonna cut services that family depend on I, made it clear that those choices are bad choices and I've made it clear what their priorities are and that our choices are different. New Democrats are in it for people, we're gonna fight for people, we're not going to work for the richest corporations. We're gonna work for you and I think that's important for Canadians to know to be able to make a choice tomorrow. The New Democrats are in a few and we're fighting for you and just on decriminalizing drugs. Can you be more specific? I've never heard you be specific about which drugs would be decriminalized and how that would work is that about safe supply? Well, just how? What is your vision about decriminalizing drugs and which drugs you're? Talking about sure? Our vision is this: when it comes to people that are dealing with addictions that are dealing with mental health they're dealing with poverty that are in a current system criminalized because of their their struggles when they're using personal use of illicit substances they're using that because of various reasons, but those people that are users are not benefited from the criminal justice response, they need compassion if we want to save lives. It's very clear. The current protest and, while liberals have given up on families, have not declared up a national public health. Emergency conservatives, don't think, is their job to we believe in taking care of people. We want to save lives and to save lives. We know we've got to take a different approach and that's a compassionate approach. That's a health care response to people that are dealing with mental health, addiction or poverty. That's what we want to do. Hi mr. sang Hanna, Thibodaux CBC, News I'd, like to ask you about how you feel emotionally today, not about policy just emotionally on this final day, I feel really overwhelmed and honored by all. The incredible outpouring of support. I feel honored that we've been able to run a campaign that is, for people at the heart of it, and people have asked me lots of questions about this campaign. I think this campaign has really been about people and it's been about their voices being heard, I've heard from people who tell me their stories about not being able to find housing their stories about not having health care when they need it. Young people that are worried about the environment and this campaign has really been about letting their voices be heard, letting their struggles, their worries, their fears be heard, but also to give them hope that we can choose a bright away for it and that's why I'm overwhelmed with all the love that we've been receiving because we've been we've been really making this about people and people are feeling it, and that to me is the greatest success. Don said campaign Cremona, hey Pasque, tsukune, voulu faire pond on to the campaign today, Chile's la campagne, po Danny, on voir Oh, John cases, Tonkin lastime, Li, Zhong, yi, seonggye, no bamboo, wa y vamos, hacer, para tomar una vez que poner. You see a de nuevo and an en platform Oh John, yes, hace poco she on a leash on a beaucoup de move. They can add a Canadian task. Al is instead, okay, truth, don't not a campaign, a promise at confit of take a on a on an attack on an attorney said Vegeta in particular, there are very tight races here. The liberals and conservatives and Elizabeth May are all campaigning in British Columbia on the final day, something I really haven't seen before all leaders here, they're gonna, be doing, though the liberals and conservatives about three times more events. Do you feel like you're being outpaced here in this very tight race? On the final day? No, not at all. We've made a really clear message to Canadians that they can choose to vote for hope that they don't have to fall into the discussion or argument about who's worse for Canada and we are giving Canadians a real option here. We have a campaign that is then driven by people and has shown folks the real alternative investments in health care. Fighting the climate crisis like we want to win it, making sure we make the richest Canadians and corporations those at the very, very, very top pay. Their fair share. People know what they get with me: getting New Democrats and I'm, proud of the campaign, the Weaver. What was you thinkin, o hadouken and speedy allocation Donna with a V leukemoid event, man Michael return, occurs on weekdays, Oak esker sleep, ask user repo I said after wesco, Cornell's early abandoning I know nobody to seeker on a view. Avec la momentum, yeah yeah on a Bertier, Bakula momentum, kana Betty says it flat: Milotic konna boku, the energy may on a finite value, ma, say: Claire pull a Canadian Canadian le choix progress, I, seen you on birth, highway ensemble, but lizard on Petra by ensemble, exactly focused Oh Canada. You nearly focuses Dukey back to Betty I'm, a society. The exactness to calm prefer a on a mattress upon the circuit panel. Oh show us see what Daniel Rooney was a rated for camping at was around specific when impose a little possible. Radiant was on when I finish a by de montreuil, Kelly liberal in in America Vote. Her vote is on last on Billie Jean le johnson tissue, a on secular conservative on cupola service, dunk Sickler, the Schwab Fergus is a new linear Democrat, but you can still adjust a a1f yada, not work ally. We we've done a really. We've worked really hard to show Canadians that you have a choice in this election that, while liberals have let you down and haven't delivered on the things that you need haven't delivered on, Pharma care or health care investments and conservatives are going to cut the services you need. You do not have to choose between those two. Your Democrats are here for you, we're gonna fight for you and we ran a campaign based on the stories of people and their struggles and the hope for a brighter future hi mr. Singh Janice, Dixon, Globe and Mail. What's your message to sort of the naysayers out there who wrote off your campaign before it even began, I mean that's, that's something that I I've dealt with my whole life, so I was not worried about. I. Also know that a lot of Canadians go through that right, they face barriers or they face naysayers based on who they are based on their sexuality, their gender, the color their skin. The way they look and they're told that they can't achieve things and I hope Canadians can see in me a little bit of themselves and a little bit of the struggles that they faced and that that's what you do when you're up against a lot of negativity you keep on pushing forward. My mom always gave me a saying: chardikala, rising spirits and I, always channel that in all I do and I do that, because Canadians need us and depend on us and and looking back at the campaign. What's what's something that you think your campaign or you could have done differently? What's a regret, you might have I, don't I, don't really have any regrets. We ran a campaign that was true to to Who. I am, and that always feels good. It was based on people, which is the only reason why, while we're in this, why we're in this- and it has been about really giving people hope and folks have felt that a lot of people come up to me and tell me you know I I feel hope again. I feel like there's someone out there. That's fighting for me and that's me has been one of my greatest honors I'm mister, saying Kevin Gallagher is CTV News going into this election. Climate change in many polls was the most important issue for voters but Canadians now, having listened to not just you but all of the leaders debate these issues and really along partisan lines, trying to score political points. How do you think Canadians should feel about any future that Canada has to fight climate change? Well, if you vote New Democrats, you should feel very proud of that future and very hopeful for that future, because we're gonna fight for you and we're gonna fight for you not just on making sure we give a bright future for young people and make sure that we fight with everything we have to protect our air and our land and our water, but also know that New Democrats are going to make sure that people have housing and health care and justice in their lives and I. Think that there's a lot to be hopeful for, particularly if you've got New Democrats fighting for you. Yesterday, you responded to a protester on the liquid natural gas pipeline at BC and your response right away was you know you want a future where there are no fossil fuels. We've asked you for specifics on many issues and today again I will ask you what is a specific plan? Do you have timelines that you envision for reducing fossil fuels? Do you have a strategy where, for all the gas workers, but also it's a huge sector of Canada's economy and eliminate it be devastating? And there are all the lots of other products that oil provide Plastics. You know that sort of thing. So what are some specific measures that you would envision and the next government of Canada would have to do to to reach that goal of not relying on fossil fuels. Sure so to be clear. I believe that the future, not just for Canada but for the world, is a future where we're not burning carbon for energy when we're not using fossil fuel for energy and that's a future I want to achieve why mr. Trudeau promised to do certain things he let Canadians down. He promised to end fossil fuel subsidies. I think that's one of the first starting points, a concrete starting point that none of our public dollars should be going towards the fossil fuel sector. We should not be subsidizing that sector. What we should be doing is investing in clean and renewable energy. So that's one concrete step. Long assure Shearer doesn't understand the gravity of the problem and mr. Trudeau likes to give pretty words. New Democrats are committed to to a real, concrete step forward, which is to end fossil fuel subsidies, there's a host of other measures, but that's one concrete thing: we can do to start us down the path to a future where we are using renewable and clean energy. Awesome assistant, Osaka, materia and palatal momentum. A develop, II S curve passes a villa. My momentum, okay, Beck, yvh, appealable Yuki, be okay back on a view, see momentum and condo momentum on a UN assembly. Memorial avec beaucoup de Mon set a non energetic on atfer de la Capone's, Yamato UK backovic, not recap: okay, Becca si vous voulez on schwa, August, secular le pas gases, say no pass casino. Key on plan. Professor Chris climatic for Honda V Pugh sub table pop a pill, a bluish musi on patois by a vet lasered a traveler Canada, don't professor a kiss climatic L food abeyance, Amla backlog has to Canada, say new linear, Democrat, keep Oliver, sure, we've seen great momentum and in Quebec with a recent rally, we had a massive turnout and we saw a lot of energy. A lot of excitement in Quebec and in Montreal across Quebec, and we also made it really clear for progressive voters in Quebec. If you want someone, who's gonna make life more affordable who's going to make sure we tackle the climate crisis like we want to win it. Who's gonna make the richest Canadians pay their fair share and who's able to work with the rest of Canada to realize these things. It's awesome Democrats that can do it. Mr. Horgan usual woods, Adam, but a seeds, a vanilla tandem, but a silly Dido go beyond I mean every time a certain bond Josephus's bien es capaz de Jesus day asking governor Amina Rita Aten Bonzo's ofur government priest, our America, we nachos mayavati, bouncy bombas que la lleve. A home is only Istanbul Asia in America low voltage on a Sakana. You see on Donna majority liberal in his diplomas in favor his leap. You wish a newly neo Democrats observe a fuse. The Neo Democrat Mombasa bakufu over have approval on favor his liege on paliku Kish. Oh, but don't buy this exemption on kapalua on Suzuki a peddler just about don't see: Lee Neil, Democrat, chief Fox, the governor mo that Capri focuses. Don't we be ensue server at Phillip communist who can adapt? Who put on that v-juice up a table prefer vassal a Chris Klieman. Take me on fete Nepal, caliper popular decision, the Canadian Canadian per bottle, a decision. The québécois Quebec was a vacutainer Democrat who's, a very Nelly, a with avec I can keep a that for sure. I got caught up in the moment. I was like. I was seeing lots of stuff that yes, I, absolutely think that so roll back a bit I want to be king. I want to be the Prime Minister of Canada, because I believe New Democrats are gonna, make life better for Canadians and we're gonna fight the climate crisis like we want to win it. But mr. premier Horgan pointed out that minorities are a good thing. Yes, they are. We know that liberals do not deserve a majority. They do not deserve your vote because they've, let you down and if the Liberals have a majority again they're not going to deliver on the things that you need. They've broken their promises. They've shown that they'll talk a good game during the election, but when they get into government, they don't deliver and they're gonna continue to exempt the biggest polluters they're going to continue to subsidize the biggest the oil and gas sector. So yes, the more New Democrats you elect in this election, you're gonna have someone on your side. That's gonna actually deliver the change that you need and that's why the Conservatives are not the option. They're gonna cut your services, the Liberals have let you down, vote enough new Democrats and will form government but vote enough of us either way and we're gonna make sure that your life is better good morning. Mr. saying Theresa right from The Canadian Press I would like to ask you about. You know the fact that you've been appealing to youth voters. Young people. Can you just explain what your strategy is there, and also how important the youth vote is to your electoral success. Everyone's important right and we need to make sure that everyone feels engaged in politics. Everyone feels engaged in decision-making and young people have often been ignored and have often been put to the side and one of the things that I realized throughout our campaign and throughout my my life is that you've got to speak to people where they are and wherever they are. If you can speak to them and find them, and you have a message that can actually make their life better and then use that platform, and so for me, it's been an important thing, because young people have so much passion and energy. They can do so much if they're activated and engaged and for me it's been really important to make sure young people are engaged that they do feel like they matter and speaking to people where they are is a way of saying: hey, I, respect you I value, you and I want your input and I want you to be involved and that's been really important for us I also. Will you touched on this in your opening remarks in terms of divisions that have you know, sort of been come to play in this election campaign and not just in terms of the you know, political parties, you know in their political messaging, but also issues relating to the different regions of the country and perhaps how the the political leaders have been appealing to those regions and perhaps at the expense of national unity. I would like to know after this election, if you become Prime Minister, what or even if not what would you do? What specific thing would you do to try to to address that and to try to unite the country? I think it's a very, very important question and I want to take some time just to reflect on that I think when it comes down to divisions, I think divisions are inflamed when people are insecure or afraid and economic insecurity breeds division, so when people are are stable in their lives, have a good job that pays for all the necessities where they can live a good life and take care of their kids and their families. They can afford their bills, there's good health care for them. People are more secure and will not be divided, and so the division, we're seeing I believe, is a result of economic insecurity. The fact that more than half of Canadians report that they are in a really tough way that they're just on the edge of not being able to pay their bills and that they're worried about the future and all these worries and fears, create divisions or worries and fears, allow others to come in and to divide us based on things that are not the reason for the problems. Where can the service will come in and blame new Canadians or blame refugees? It's not the fault of a young refugee woman or a man working breaking his back working overtime that people cannot find housing. It's because conservative and liberal governments have chosen for the past three decades not to spend any federal money in building affordable housing. We are here today because liberal and conservative governments have have favored the wealthy and powerful over families, given the massive exemptions and tax loopholes and offshore tax havens. It's because of those decisions that we're here and I believe we can build a unified country. If people see justice in their lives, if they see affordability in their lives, if they see child care and health care system and housing that is affordable, that is there for them. We can build a better country, Ashley Ashley, birth city news. If it came down to it, though, would you prop up a minority government I've said I'm open to working with anyone, except for the Conservatives and I? Don't want to. You know, predict what's gonna happen, but I can tell Canadians this if you left enough New Democrats we're gonna fight for you, whatever the form Canadians give us whatever the platform they give us. We are gonna fight for you on our priorities on the priorities of Canadians and we are open to any formulation. Whatever Canadians choose. You can count on us to be there for you. Thank you so much everybody Missy beaucoup! Oh, did you want one of them? Let's see sorry Jake's mr. bloodshed, yeah a table, Mario Party, the sovereignty, sovereignty, sovereignty, not on the program or Township annelids, or on a campaign or kill shot. The festival. Quebec II, do sorry at RADA. You know the Google nominally technically block soonest danke boom. Once in town, the Mafia Kelly block is on deja D in a velvet have a reckless off a in a puppet revivalism new Newsome Les Schwab, who guesses on a credit, have a great result. When I played at Hawaii assembly the progresses who Canada directly progresses, who came back? Who are sound, bat Euphemia's, so City, no ketchup on ski on fetlock, upon shaky, is indeed equal. Never Petrovic, reserve marshy secret be ensue that Rebecca back to Lamont pooh-bah tiramisu City suave le conservative Milla block on djd in a velvet Rebecca lizard in the Prophet, Robert lizard sure sure she put it really. Clearly. The the block had made it clear that they do not want to and that they effectively cannot work with others. So in Quebec, if you want something, that's gonna fight for you and that's gonna be able to bring together progresses around Canada. The option is New Democrats. We are gonna fight to build a better future and we can work together with everyone, so I say to Quebecers. If you want someone, that's gonna fight climate crisis can be the block, because they're not gonna, build to work with the rest of Canada. We want to deliver real action on making sure we clamped down on offshore tax havens and making life more affordable. You need to have someone's gonna work together with everyone. That's New Democrats, it's not gonna, be the block. That's super cool thanks! So much. Thank you.