All of the different instances that you recalled have you since been made aware or remembered of other instances, and if so, how many I think it is obvious that this is something that was deeply regrettable. I am weary of being definitive about this, because the recent pictures that came out I had not remembered. There is no escaping this, no way to put Justin Trudeau's racist, Aladin costume back in the bottle, and now we know he's worn, Brown or blackface at least two other times. This was in 2001. He was 29 and a teacher at a private school in Vancouver. This is him in high school. In Montreal he wore black face and saying the Harry Belafonte song, day-o and Global News has obtained this video from a source in the Conservative Party a third instance of him wearing racist makeup. There are other people in the video too. It was shot in the early 90s. The location is unclear. Trudeau said today he doesn't remember it and he's wary of saying definitively. If there are other times he did this for several decades, Trudeau has managed to keep this quiet all of it. Another political crisis he created himself through his own actions, his own poor judgment now he's been forced to confront it right in the middle of an election campaign good evening and thanks for joining us, our chief political correspondent, David akin, is traveling with the Trudeau campaign. David people have been fired for this kind of racist behavior. You asked Justin Trudeau directly today whether he considered stepping aside What did he say: yeah well he's not getting fired as the short and simple answer and well I think a lot of people watching it may say it's very admirable for him to denounce his own racist, behavior and, as he said, take responsibility for it. That is the question I put to him. Why not? Step aside, we didn't get a chance to talk about important issues here in Manitoba, while he was here, it's all about talking about his issues in his problem. So why not step aside his liberal Leader? There's lots of leadership, talent in the Liberal caucus and let someone else lead. The party I asked him why he thought he was so indispensable. I will continue to do the work that is necessary to keep us moving forward in the right way. Canadians have an important choice to make on October, 21st and I trust Canadians to make that right. Choice I certainly hope that they will continue to support us in the work that we're doing, but they might not and I know that that is something that all Canadians get to decide it David. You know the word hypocrite comes to mind because Justin Trudeau is championed. Minority rights he's attacked political rivals for intolerance, that's less egregious than this. What is the political strategy to try to overcome this? We're gonna, see I guess in the next couple of days, I mean really we're in Terra incognito, no political strategist has ever seen this. No political reporter has ever seen a situation like this. It's very unusual for an event like this to come into a campaign and completely disrupt the major brand of a political leader. I mean there's been examples. Most of them. We can probably point to in the United States, but I think we're in unchartered waters for mr. Trudeau. Certainly, there are going to be liberals who say the Justin Trudeau I've known for the last four or five years bears no resemblance to the young, immature man 29 year old man who committed these horrible racist acts when he was younger and they're. Gonna stand stand by him in that front, but also importantly, I asked Trudeau if he was going to change the tenor of his campaign. They've been digging up all these social media posts that are embarrassing about their opponents. Would that stop or would he continue to attack? And it sounds like there's not gonna, be much of a change. We're gonna continue to make contrasts with our opponents we're going to continue to put forward strong pieces of policy that will demonstrate how we believe that investing in Canadians is the right path forward. David, it will be voters who decide the price Trudeau pays for this. Can they trust a leader who committed a racist act and kept silent about it for years? Does it come down to a matter of trust, I think that may emerge as the ballot quest? You know every election you're always wondering what is the ballot and I think this is gonna, be one of them. Can you trust the Prime Minister that we didn't know about this? Unless he got caught, we didn't know about SNC lavell n. Unless he got caught, we didn't know about the Agra Consul Eagle vacation. Unless it got caught, it is going to come down I think to trust. Do people really trust the Prime Minister and people may do some? You know what I call moral math, because I was talking to everyday voters today of all different backgrounds and though they're very disappointed with these pictures they've seen in Trudeau, they also go, but that picture sticks in my mind of our Prime Minister, welcoming Syrian refugees when no other country would take them. There's that Trudeau. That does those sorts of things that are mired by so many around the world and then there's this Trudeau when he just gets caught out. So it's going to come down to trust. Do you trust that this is not going to happen again and he could be counted on to represent Canada in this country and around the world Donna all right, David akin in Winnipeg tonight? Thank you. Interest in this story is not confined just to Canada the Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has apologized after a fir picture of him in brown face surface. It has made international headlines the leader once seen as a champion of progressive ideals. Now splashed across the world in brown and black face our Ottawa bureau chief Mercedes Stevenson broke the story about the latest images of Trudeau in blackface Mercedes. What more do we know about that? Video? Well Donna? We know that it is Justin Trudeau, because the Liberal war room has confirmed that to us and that it was sometime in the early 1990s beyond that. The Liberals have not had much to say about why he was wearing that racist makeup. In those images, they've explained the other images for theatrical that one was a play that one was a themed party, but they have refused to elaborate on what he was doing in this video as to why he was in full blackface from head to toe. So that's a big question that remains at this point. We know that the source and the Conservative Party that brought this to us said that it was on a whitewater rafting trip you can see in the background there is somebody wearing a life jacket in that image. We've asked at the de Liberal Party about that specifically as well and they've not responded to it. So still a lot of questions about what exactly he was doing here and questions about why he didn't reveal it earlier, because he said that he found it embarrassing and didn't disclose it during the vetting process. Listen to what he said to reporters earlier today, I never talked about this. Quite frankly, I was embarrassed. It was not something that represents the person. I've become the leader, I try to be, and it was really embarrassing. So there's this question. Donna of how many other times has this happened and Justin Trudeau didn't seem able to remember that today he was asked he would not put a number on how frequently this had happened. That suggests that perhaps the Liberals are concerned that there could be more of these images to come out. Also he's not the only person across the Canadian political spectrum that is facing this tonight. The Conservatives have a candidate named Tamara Johnson, who is running in Langley BC. Images of her apparently from 2016 have surfaced on social media she's, not wearing blackface in the photos, but she is posing with a number of actors who are in blackface. So this is really a new question for Canadian politics, as parties are gonna, have to look at their candidates and figure out. How many may have something this embarrassing and this negative in their past all right, Mercedes Stevenson! Thank you. Some of Trudeau's political opponents say what he did reflects, who he really is privileged and not as enlightened as he pretends to be we'll get to the conservative leader in just a moment. But we begin with NDP leader Judd neat Singh. He is the first person of color to lead a federal party in Canada, and his reaction is focused on the impact the images might have on people of color, especially kids. Abigail Beeman is covering the NDP leaders campaign Abigail. What was junk meetings first reaction to the images Donna was raw and emotional, but also measured Singh, saying he felt compelled to speak out thinking of all those affected by racism who can't speak out a campaign source tells me while they had a team meeting beforehand. What you're about to hear wasn't rehearsed? No one knew exactly what Singh was going to say when I was growing up, I fought, racists, I dealt with them myself and I fought back, but I got a message from a friend who reminding me that there's a lot of people out there that couldn't do that they couldn't bite back. They didn't have the ability to do that. This is very painful for a lot of people, then today a different, less emotional tone, but the same message I asked seeing whether he thought Trudeau should have owned up to the video obtained by Global News before the story broke owned up to all instances where he wore racist makeup. Yes, I think Canadians would expect that he would mention whenever it happened. However, this turns out for the Liberals aside the way Singh handled. This very much feels like a turning point in the third place: NDP campaign, Abigail Beeman Global, News, West, Lorne, Ontario, Andrew Shearer in the conservative campaign, our in Quebec taking direct aim, a Justin Trudeau and a support for the Liberal leader remains an obstacle for Shearer. Even after the bombshell revelations of the last 24 hours. Sheers main message at every rally on this campaign has centered on how Canadians just can't trust Trudeau attacking his ethics and personal judgment. As a leader, Shearer attacked Trudeau again today for initially giving the impression that he had gone racist makeup twice when it was in fact more that lapse playing right into the hands of the Tories as they try to paint Trudeau. As someone who was insincere and doesn't think the rules apply to him, he indicated that there's only one other incidents, and now we know that there was at least three. So once again, we see with Justin Trudeau a one set of rules for himself and one set of rules for the rest of us. Shearer isn't asking for Justin Trudeau to step down as Prime Minister, but he says the Liberal leader has embarrassed Canada and no longer has the moral authority to govern this country. Mike lacouture, Global, News, granby Quebec. Well, it's voters who decide who to trust to lead the country and right now it seems the reaction is mixed. Some, like the leader of British, Columbia's, Green Party, are forgiving Andrew Weaver tweeted. Let the person who has never done anything they regret in high school cast the first stone except Trudeau, of course, also use racist makeup at age 29. When he was a teacher, here's some other reaction. We gathered it's a video from 2001. We can't judge a person from something from 18 years ago. I mean I really feel like you shouldn't have done that. It's not something that you expect from a leader of the cover country. As long as the intention wasn't like malicious. Yes, I saw that what community well I, don't I, don't like it. No, but I, don't ya know he shouldn't have done it, but he apologized. It was racist yet, but he's apologizing. But what does do we expect that we're talking about things that he did before he was our prime minister well I. Think, like anything else, a lot of the times the media will blow things out of proportion. Well, he was young. You know when you're younger you make mistakes, people do make mistakes right, so I mean it's not acceptable, kids or kids and I. Don't think he's racist. You know everybody was dressed up and I, don't think he thought anything of it. You did do it, sir, and you should be paying the price and he should be gone and he shouldn't even be running. He should be stepping down right now.