Friends, we're here in London, beautiful city city, I spent five years of my life when I went to Western I got to see it was a city where I spent some of my ax hats and my best memories and some of my toughest. This is the city where my brother I came to live with me. I took him in I, took care of them. It's a time when we went through a lot of struggles, I had to work a lot of jobs to make ends meet. It was during that time that a lot of friends and family stepped up and helped me out. They helped out with food and was support, and it reminded me of a very Canadian value. I wouldn't have gone through those tough times without their support, and that's what Canadians believe in we believe in taking care of now. You all know: I, love, Canada and I, believe you can make it even better through those to the other chance to speak with Jessica, Nancy and John. Now jessica is pregnant and a cancer survivor. She told me about how difficult it was and how difficult it is for her to afford the medication that she needs without coverage. It's crushing I met Jen, Nancy and Jack, we're both retired, and they told me about how they continued to worry about out-of-pocket health care expenses. They don't know when the next expense is going to come up. They don't know how many, how much it's going to cost for dental care or if they need new glasses and don't worry now, I believe we can do better for people like Nancy, Jack and Jessica, but we can do that only if we have the courage to take on the powerful interests at the very top. We can expand our Medicare system to food medication for all pharma care for all and extend it beyond that to include dental care, vision and hearing care and mental health services. We can do that, but only if we have the courage to take on the lobbyists and the corporate interests. We can build 500,000 new, affordable homes across this country and tackle the housing crisis. We can do that, but only if we have the courage to take on money launderers and speculators that keep us dry of the cost of housing, and we can provide a relief for Canadians who are paying some of the highest cost in the world for cell phones and Internet services. We can do that, but only get the courage to take on the big telecom baggage we can fight. Now we can act out to take on the climate crisis and build 300,000. You quality jobs, but only if you have the courage to take on the big polluters and to end the FASTA to substance. The theme that national it is la población epoxy men, have attached the more conservative in Aveiro from cleanest system, kavita fish in a store with a la la' has company. Four years ago, Justin Trudeau charmed us with three words and empty promises. He said the right things, but he didn't do them behind closed doors. Just a choux dough does whatever the wealth and powerful corporations want. It's clear, Justin Trudeau isn't who he pretended to be and as you share the Conservatives are not the answer. They are gonna cut taxes for the wealthy, but they're gonna cut services that you and your families count on. You'll hear the price, with the deep and worse, with even more expensive health care, even more expensive medication and even worse it in climate crisis, miss Amy, a shock, elección de la Costa, better go see, EMS the - subang need ten bucks cumulative the choisir also a little a de la población, so they called multinational. The schwa laugh is what is so respectful, yeah Aida company pharmaceutical Cano birthday is ruta de parfum. It prepared a schwa difference, resume and schwa clap so keep we were counting to surpass. So this election comes down to a really clear question. Who can you count on to fight me when I was right when I was a kid I, never imagined that someone that looked like me would be running to be Prime. Minister people told me time and time again the things that I couldn't do, but now kids run up and say seeing you do this I feel like I can do anything. We have an exciting opportunity over the next 40 days. We are going to bring a hopeful message to Canadians that we can build the country of our dreams, a country where everyone has a place to call home health care when they need it, clean water to drink and clean air, to breathe, good jobs and a bright future. You know everywhere: I go I meet hard-working people, we want to be treated fairly and want to build a good life for themselves and their family. These are the people. New Democrats have always worked for. These are the people you.