Oh a month ago today, well, thank you. First of all, I've been preparing my sleeve for this. For a pretty long time, I mean I'm only 19, but I've been doing it ever since I was 12 like I said ever since my mom introduced me to it. I think it's helped me tremendously, especially in tough situations like playing on the finals of US Open. It really really helps me stay in the present moment, especially with my breathing acting the breathing is very important and it helps me get in my zone. It helps me block out a lot of distractions like the crowd there Commodus crazy in New York. That's why it's such a special tournament, but yeah I really think the mental side is the most important at this level is now I actually went to the yard sale yesterday. That was my first stop and I've been getting more recognized in usual and I came in today, tennis Canada gave me a very warm welcome, which I really appreciate some. Thank you guys so yeah, it's a little bit different. Yes, and it's been pretty hectic. I did Samia in New, York I chilled a little bit yesterday and then now I'm, you guys. So it's the elevated stroller, but who said knowledge we were watching her yeah I. Definitely we had a very nice moment in the locker room. She actually came up to me after the match, which I really appreciate. She's had some very nice things. She said that I'm going to be a very good tennis player and a bunch of other things I would rather keep it in time and I'm sure she'd appreciate that, but yeah above all, she's such a kind person and commercial over. We got that morning from his nephew by Roswell to show first of all, my aunt Rita. Congratulations. Thank you. Have you had a chance yet to sort of I guess celebrate with family celebrate or somebody had a grilled cheese sandwich. The last three days have been pretty bad for my diet, but I've been doing a pretty good job with keeping it up so I think I deserve a little bit of indulgence but yeah after the finals actually went to really nice and in New York. Just me and my team and my parents I'm really glad they were there for two weeks and now that I'm home celebrate with some of my friends good to see them, but it's time to move on to the next time to take after well or sports. Today, I'll celebrate a little bit and also my friends but I'm still focused on what's to come so good, segue there, but I'm sure it's hard to take s next week. Well, next year we are ten months from the Tokyo Olympics I thought about what the Olympics might mean to you. You watch the Olympics growing up and how does Olympic champion sound big boards for a couple of years? It's a very special event. You get to be a part of a team and I think it's different than any other tournament on the tour. So if I do have to play that- and it would be pretty awesome- maybe on the necropsy TV just wondering have you watch the match yet and what goes through your mind as you watch it. If you watch it, I actually did watch it this night, the night afterwards, someone texted me saying that a replaying the match so I ended up watching it again. I, usually don't like to watch myself play, but I think I I'd only make an exception for that much just while I still can't believe that it really I've been arrested. Me couple needs to sink in, which is happen that that we can then enjoy now. I, don't know as an intake, but hopefully soon it can sink in and just with all the eyes of Canada of the tennis world. Everyone knows your name, no one's watching you do. You feel more pressure now to perform at any put a lot of pressure on yourself, but do you feel more pressure going forward, not at all yeah? It's definitely the pressure I thought myself really, there's always going to be - I mean I'm. Sure Canada wants me to do very well and most importantly, I want to do very well. So I think that pressure really helps me honestly. I got a chance to speak to Alicia came and we were talking about her cold Prince wishes. Pressure is a privilege and I really think it is because it really it motivates me and I think I'm a perfectionist. So if I step on the corner and I would do my best but I have that dancing, that's all I must maybe Sportsnet I know everything's been a whirlwind for you, but have you had a moment to process what this win means to the entire country of Canada, and perhaps now you being elevated to role model status? Is that a role that you accept? Yes, I do Michael? One of my goals was to be able to be an inspiration to many people and I. Think I'm starting to do that. Which means a lot to me. If I step on the board and I show a good example, I think it can drive a lot of people to make even bigger for a kid. I know it's starting to this board. I started to get more attention because of what happened: I'm, the US Open I'm, getting some messages saying they've never watched hands before, but now they will, which is pretty cool and I've gone some where they said that they actually started playing tennis because yeah, that's amazing! With this historic win, you know big sponsorship deal and it your way of becoming more financially independence. How will that change your relationship with Canada or you will have to like well they've, been supporting me since day, one and that's all I can ask or definitely I have more money now so I don't think I'm going to have to depend on anyone really I'm standing on my two feet alone. That's why I have so. It feels good but they're, always in the middle of you know, getting the attention and obviously we saw you on a thirty valid Ryan and Ellie. What was that a first sight? It was so fun. Jimmy is such a cool guy and I'm really glad I got that experience. I still can't believe I was on that show. I didn't think he was a real person before I actually met him, because I've watched his show many many times and Janka Devon with CBC sports. Congratulations! Here's what Pam Shriver the great Pam Shriver said about your arm. She says it's like a top-of-the-line. Ferrari needs to be serviced. It needs to be watched over and put in the garage. You had a physiotherapist with you. Injury has been a thing: how important is staying healthy boy dependent before, if I'm healthy, that I think I can do even bigger things in the sport one of an athlete's biggest and the news I think is being injured because, like we're sitting on our on our butts watching people play one more engine and I, don't think any athlete likes that so I think the main goal right now is definitely to stay as healthy as I can because I've been injured quite a bit in my short career, so yeah I'm really happy that I have a physio with me now full-time, because I think recovery is we'll, definitely find in a private jet, I think uninterrupted and the nature that they hooked me up. So that was that was really fun. No need to go through customs. Our security data I was back home in like 45 minutes, which is very convenient. So definitely that would have to be the one thing that stood out and obviously being on I'd be epic analytical engine. First of all, congratulations and all the success at 19. You mastered so many elements of the game, and now you have to start training formation open. What elements do you feel like? You can't still work on to improve yourself where you need to get better, there's always room for improvement in anything, so I'm, just gonna, keep improving my game. I know that it's been working pretty well for me so far, so I'm definitely gonna improve that I. Think the shot selection part will definitely be an emphasis and obviously I'm, going to keep doing what I'm doing on the mental side of things and get stronger physically as much as I can I think that's a crucial part of this. This work too breakfast television, Congrats, alright. So in the tunnel right before you came out, we see you kinda, just body grab, folks, no pressure cool. You said it's an opportunity, some pressure. What were you listening to what we see you can have? What was that song summer by Megan stallion? That's definitely the song of the summer and some of the catches summer so clearly assess your clutch in those situations where people kind of count you out. What do you tribute that to the size and okay, this whole rehab of your years and whatsoever you buy there? How do you decide? I could barely hear myself. They know they're, really it wasn't easy blocking out the crowd and I think that gave her an edge to Serena I mean that's. Why she's a true champion of the sport she's not to come back after being down matches, so that was expected and I think I prepared well before that, because I saw my coach about it and he said: if you're gonna win this match, you have to stay focused much to the end, no matter what happens and I've got five all no.65 game know it's my ball! That's yeah! At that moment, I just told myself football record. The goal right from the start of the match is to make her work and before that, at five one of those couple games going through too much I think I was really excited because I was literally walking away from the detainment it's hard not to focus on that, but I'm just really glad it was how I managed with those two games. I can't because I think if we wanted some peace has a little bit of story. You know Clippers Arthur from the Toronto Star it doesn't just when the US Open. This has been a whole year, pretty good success and escalating system success. You can only kind of focus on the next thing, but has this year and has the US Open changed the ceiling on what you can reasonably expect from your career? Now we thought about that big picture, for you I hope you can yeah I have pretty big expectations. I've accomplished a lot in this past year and I feel like I, can do even more in this sport now. I actually believe that I can do morphus or after all, of this success, so I'm just going to keep striving, and hopefully when many more grand signs from now on. But where does the hunger come from to keep pushing and keep going I think it's? The passion I have in the store ever since I've been that bracket, I've loved it and I. Think it's just me striving to do better as a plan as a person. I think that's what really gets me going is just create history and when, as many times as possible become number one in the world, like my mom always says to me, don't forget who you are and dream big to get big and I. Think I'd reject that or I'm pretty a long time now and I. Think that's! What's conscious, leading my life to my success: hey Bianca, Bowman, Qureshi consultative news here, two quick questions for you: one! It's been kind of a crazy few days: - have you gotten any sleep or are you running on adrenaline right now, I'm running on a jumper hearts actually put my eyes, but hopefully, after today, I can get a good night's sleep in my bed at home. There's really no place like home, so I think I won't have any trouble over that and you know when you've won Rogers coffee soft kind of help. People react here, but it kind of talked to a whole nother level. As you were progressing horses - did you have any idea about how kind of much hysteria you were causing here in Canada, as were doing your thing down in New York all I know is the hype on social media. That's all, but I've gotten some phone call saying that there's people going crazy in in Toronto about what's been happening. These past two weeks and now I get to witness it in person. So I'm really excited about it. Sighing couple of shoes for sports I want to know. You know we all know you've gotten very calm and confident demeanor. Now, if he didn't win the US Open, what would you tell yourself motivate yourself? You know mentally to prepare yourself for your next role. Well, I think just reaching the finals is motivation enough. I love playing big crowds, I just love everything that comes with the sport. Staying in nice, hotels of traveling the world and being able to need some painful people like Jimmy Fallon I, was on the along the - I met Ryan Kelly on live with Brian Kelly, which is pretty cool I. Think all of that is pretty good motivation for me. It just keeps shining in the back here. Congratulations first of all, I can appreciate that it's still so soon after the victory, you haven't really had much time to decompress or anything, but Bear Kong has been pretty vocal in terms of wanting to do something for you to honor you in the City of Mississauga I would take it. There's nothing imminent, but as they've been in discussion, interaction with her or in boats those planes I'm not directly with me, I've just been seeing yeah, but damn if that happened. That would be so crazy. I was not expecting any of this, but its management is pretty cool and I. Can't thank everyone enough really for all the support you guys just keep helping me strive to do better and better, maybe just fall off as well. My golden girl burger connection. This is why I believe you've been born here and should move back to Romania with here family, but just underneath the red. Maybe after my parents emigrated from Romania and I grew up. There I had an amazing childhood and then I got into the tech scam program at the age of 10 I think it was, and then ever since I moved to LA ecology solution, Center Stinson with me here. Does there a point in this season where you felt like you couldn't play with the best players in the world as far back as Auckland or it would have to be after I played Venus, Williams I. Think that's the moment of my awakening I. Guess I really thought that I could play against these top players on these big stages like I've, always dreamt and eating walls came around and that's when I actually believed that I can do really really big things in this. After digging wells, we got your injury, lay out what you do in that time, to sort of not lose the focus that all of a sudden your conversations, work and making a break we'll come back and play. That's I was doing a lot of things. I was working a lot of my fitness, which I think was a must and I was working on the mental side of things. I was trying my best to stay as positive as I. Could life is not perfect, so I think the most important part of that period office to have a good mindset going into things. I changed my diet, I changed the way, I schedule, my tournaments I changed. Some of my routines and I worked a lot on prevention, because I think that's very important thing and honestly I think it I think it was a really good thing that happened. I've been playing a lot before that I think I played like almost 30 matches in three months, so I'm glad I got that chance to just chill a little bit. I mean obviously I want to be on court playing, but I really believe that everything happens for a reason: hey how's it going to meet Dan hi, congratulations and kind of more about some of your show, similar to the Mississauga question, Mayor John Tory this morning. Tweeted. If you want to pray, you can have a parade. So just so we can set aside a day or if you don't quote some time off work, can you have the parade yeah? Why not? That would be really cool, I, don't know what my schedule is at this point would I don't know no idea, Bianca the other night at Arthur Ashe. You got pretty emotional when you said this visualization stuff works, and it sounds that you got pretty specific about what success look like. Have you already studied to think about what that next visualization and what that next school looks like I didn't speak to my coach yet about that, because I usually go over my goals with him, but I kind of have an idea. I wanted to well my next couple tournaments in Asia, obviously so, hopefully qualify for the WTA Tour Finals in China and practice on three you're a success this year hasn't just thrust you into the spotlight, your parents and KOCO, but also a person into this spotlight because of this I. Think your mom and KOCO we're trending at one point. Online KOCO seems to be handling it. Okay, I'm just learning how your parents are handling anything yeah. A lot of attention to especially my mom I think she has her own buzzfeed pose I. Think that deserves her up. It was really funny all the all the tweets my mom has been getting, and obviously my dog Coco I'm just super grateful again with the day to have them in my corner and my dad obviously he's a he's part of everything. That's been that's been going on. It's just so nice to have amazing cares like them because they still treat me like I'm me not like anything else. They've been handling everything super well and help me stay, grounded a mess, that's very important, so I'm, really it's really important to restock your cell phones, so no more questions for Jimmy, Fallon or Jennifer Lawrence. But the question is: we've been part of about tennis, Canada center 11. You know I spent before we buy 500 pairs prevented their ceilings or you know, talk to them and I'm sure. Like events in Fargo yeah, they send me really nice messages. They said that they're very proud and that this one actually gives them motivation to keep chugging and doing better so coming from them, and that means a lot and I'm sure that they're going to do such things. They've already had, but I know, they're they're hungry for more the opportunity of advice for young tennis players who want to follow in your assessment it likes on how you have made it. It's not an easy road, that's for sure, but it's a fun one. If you really love playing the sport, then go for it dream big to get fake, because that's what I've been doing ever since I was little. No dream is to make still follow. Your dreams know that there going to be some sacrifices involved, there's going to be hard work, you're, not in a lot of dedication, and if you really believe in yourself and you don't let anyone get in your way and try to block out distractions and I, think you can do really big things and obviously strong yourself with people. That's you notice, sacrificing. What's your tennis and personal life balance like or is it all about this antenna? No I think there should be a very good balance to have in your life and anything you do. The social part helps me. Stay grounded, I love to hang out with my friends and to be surrounded by my family as much as I can I know, that's not always easy, because I'm always traveling but the chance to come home. It's it's always amazing and yeah I. Just really think that's the most important thing, especially if you want to be a professional athlete, is to have that good balance with social life. Bianca. Congratulations from young Tara pens, Association and you've been excellent. Over year, we've seen grow up, since you were 10 years old playing tents, but I have one question: where's the trophy no I've been thinking about way too many other things, I, don't even know. I got to I got to hold it a lot in New York, but I'm. Definitely not gonna get bored is holding I'm, holding that bad boy, I'm. Definitely gonna put it in a nice area, I'm home, so I used a very long time, Bianca dick again from CTV I'm over here to your right right here under the speaker right here, the player here, hi yeah. Well, it's a light anyway. You're sitting in front of a hashtag see the north. You kind of share that with the Raptors we even were their professional team you're an individual professional tennis player. What does it like to have a hashtag? That's all about you. What's that, like you're sitting at bar that man, it's crazy, like I, said I wasn't expecting any of this, especially having my own hashtag. It's pretty awesome. I got one side. The Raptors I watched an historic win and I've been getting some messages from from some of the players, which was really really cool but yeah having my own hashtag. If someone said I would a couple years ago, but yeah what's happening in Canada right now in sports is pretty Oh Bulova after that already know who leave our own national controversy that says prostitution, some 16 party on certain leukemia, just a Zilla, the US Open concret, says: asymmetry no overseer and abundance at the one she could. She know she massaged my belief, Allah charity as a woman. Potion is therefore to defeat booty booty, massage the Raptors Steve Nash would swarming in Kannada. She appreciates a star for that word. Yoga. Could pass in our math b19 Romania anthros, worthless, boussinesq wagon, with bento system, applause, mushy, young moose and Gotha hyah, my fashion? She went with Oh message. Conversation with him he's like Here I am smiley face Congrats. We are all so proud of you I've been liking every post with you in it lol, I, thought, you'd see, I didn't I was barely on social media. I was just posting things, but yeah that was cool. Those I don't even know what to reply tonight. It's gonna take me a while. He has the scene message, don't worry: I'm gonna, I'm, gonna, yeah I can't arm up him, but yeah I. Just you.