You just want to say that our plan is one where we're investing in people we're proud of those investments. You know that families need help now and that's why we've put forward some urgent priorities that we would work on right away. That includes investments in housing in health care, helping students tackling Southland prices and real and urgent action on fighting the climate crisis. We know we can do these things. We know we can invest in housing. We can make these choices. We can also ask the wealthiest to pay a little bit more so that we can make these investments in people really proud to be able to share this plan with you and share our priorities with you and looking forward to your questions. Conkel Chaudhary, Sakana, Sakana, DJ possessive come on Seamus Weaver, who invested on Asia when we don't a jolly old, invest here. Come the liberally conservative on fee, don't leap! You hitch on the ad and UST. Don't lay junkie on based on that. So, instead of giving billions of dollars to the already wealthy billionaires are planets and less than people, unlike mr. Trudeau, who finds 14 billion dollars to give to the richest corporations to buy limousines and jets, we want to invest in people who need housing and health care. We can do this and I'm I'm, proud of the plan we have before us. I. Look forward your questions. Thank you. Oh I was looking the wrong way, see there Mikey see. Oh sorry, Hannity, vidoes, CBC, News, hi, okay, so I want to ask about the fact that you say that it's about the wealthiest to pay more to pay for some of your programs. One of the ways to that you're going to get some money back is returning capital gains to 2000 levels and that's for some people who maybe don't consider themselves wealthy but have tried different ways to bring up their their income. What do you respond to those people saying? Hey I'm, not one of the wealthiest but you're gonna do this and that's where you're getting the biggest chunk of cash? Well, we know that the majority of people impacted by this will be the wealthiest. There are some that will be impact in a way in a small way that that are not the wealthiest in society. But what we're doing is saying effectively if you earn salary, you would pay your taxes based on salary, and we treat capital gains a little bit differently. There's still going to be an advantage, it's still gonna be 25% less than if you earn that salary directly, so there's still an incentive, but we're making it closer to the what people would be doing if they were just earning that salary regularly. It's important to do this well. I can say this for New Democrats, who really believe in being prudent with our fiscal commitments, and that's why we're not just talking about investing in people well, Rossi, having the courage to talk about increased revenue, so I mean that liberals, and certainly not conservatives, aren't willing to talk about and be with that. What we're seeing over the years a trend is, there will be a reduced or a downward trend in our in our debt to GDP ratio. That's because we're going to be looking at revenue and we're gonna be looking at ways to increase revenue as we make important investments we on vodka pudong. No se que una DeJesus limite sukham proposed augmentee, no revenue mm tancana versus Ando Lisa Donn valediction, the SEO issue on that a GDP donk ona, lachemann, Rodriguez Cassio savage, occur on Vivar Main, Avenue Allah, Allah Akeelah et me on Vilas Jamie, fair, a coupie, the surface politia Michael cooter from global national I want to ask you on your super wealth tax. Aren't you making an assumption that the super wealthy will not have great accountants and be able to move things around and move assets to the other people in their family and thereby avoid this? Well, that is a real fear that that people have raised. We were raised strategic about our choice of 1% the advice we received. They would cost more to try to hide money than it would be just to pay the 1%. That's why we chose that 1% number. We were anticipating that and we're also gonna put a lot of money towards enforcement to ensure that there is self disclosure and that we're ensuring that people are actually falling in line and we're asking for a very modest increase, something that the wealthiest can definitely afford, and it's gonna make a massive difference in the investments we can make in people and just as a follow-up on the returning to balanced budget, 2015 obviously promised balanced budget. Was this a very conscious decision to continue to bring the party closer to the left and back to your roots, to not balance the books, because we saw the mistake that happened in 2015 under Thomas Mulcair well, for me, there's a couple of reasons why first off I believe very strongly in investing in people and I? Don't believe you build a better society or a better country by cutting services, so I'm firmly opposed to austerity and a lot of times. When people hear balanced budgets, they hear austerity and they hear cutting their services and I and I. Don't believe in that I do believe in being prudent and I believe people want to live within our means. That's what we are talking about: increased revenues to be able to pay for investments, but I am certainly very clearly opposed to cutting the services that families need. I do not want to cut in health care, which is already being starved of investments, so I want to invest more in people and I'm, confident that these investments will also spur more economic development like some economic activity, but I, don't not looking for a title, but I am very proud that I am not working for the wealthiest and the powers most powerful. I'm working for people and I want to make sure their lives are better and I'm, not afraid to say that I, just because it's not how I but I believe in and I believe that we we take care of people. I believe Canadians believe that as well, that they want to invest in things where we lift each other up. That's what I believe in that's what Canadians believe in that's my commitment to Kevin Gallagher or CTV national news, hello. Mr. Singh, hello, so by my account, seemed the the largest investment in this platform has to be Pharma care and there's some economic benefits that you and your team have talked about. But what will be the impact to the insurance industry that currently provides a lot of these drug plans for Canadians? What, if Canadians, don't want to abandon their private drug plans and will it be compensation if their job losses in that industry because of a universal farmer care plan? So insurance companies aren't going to like it? Probably they? They run a lot of heads on TV, where they they kind of exploit the fact that people don't have coverage. We're gonna trip, we're saying that we shouldn't have to be playing a gamble with whether people have or a game show whether they have or do not have coverage I want everyone to have coverage. They probably were not happy when we put in place universal health care in the first place and when Tommy Douglas said we should have universal health care. I'm sure a lot of insurance company said no. No, we don't want that. That's gonna make it harder for us, but kind of said tough. We believe people should have health care and similarly, we believe people should have access to medication, we're the only country in the world that has a universal Medicare that doesn't have medication covered. We want to make sure that medication is covered in terms of the impacts. There's there's lots of products that insurance companies provide I'm, sure they're gonna be alright, but this is an important investment in people and I'm I'm. Confident we can. We can do it and we need to do it. What are you planning on doing with the transmitted and pipeline? If elected, I? Don't I, don't know if I saw that and like are you gonna sell it? Are you gonna continue to own it like what what's the NDB plan? Yeah I, don't think you you didn't see it because I wasn't I'm you so one of those things that what do we do with it? It's it's a it's a complicated question: I wouldn't have bought it. I'm, really clear on that. I. Definitely don't believe in expanding and so I'm clear on that. What we do with the asset is something that's kind of confusing. What we should do is first figure out how much the asset is worth, what we can do with it. What are the options? Those are things that once we're in government we'll be able to make those assessments, but yeah it's a pretty complicated question: it's not where I think we should be putting our dollars I, don't believe that we should be investing our public money into public infrastructure that is in the fossil fuel industry, and so I want to I want to change that. I want all of our dollars to go towards clean and renewable energy. But mr. trudeau made a mistake and you bought something, and so we've got to figure out what we do moving forward. I need to be in government to figure that out if you're antsy and we don't have enough information, we don't know exactly what the value of the assets worth and what we can get for that asset. We want to make sure we have a decision on how to move forward. That is that is responsible, but I can tell you my values. I want all of our public dollars to go towards public infrastructure that it is that is clean, renewable, clean and renewable mr. Singh Ashley Brooks CBC News. How would you keep investors and businesses from fleeing Canada? To avoid the significant increase to increase tax burden? Your party is proposing both the CIT increase and the capital gains changes. Won't these changes risk a lot of jobs, so I would say we're only returning to a the way things were in Canada, so Canada had these rates before and things were good. What I'm suggesting is this that? Well, if you look at our plans, we're actually gonna save businesses a lot as well with things like universal pharmacare, it's going to reduce the costs for businesses per employee, we've approximated about $600 in saving per employee with this plan. So it's a savings for businesses. In addition, we've met with chambers of commerce who said that we want universal pharmacare. In fact, in my riding of Burnaby, the chamber of commerce endorsed the plan for universal pharmacare. They believe it's a good plan, so it's good for businesses. Second thing is: we also met with chambers of commerce around Canada, who said that one of the biggest struggles to expanding business is that they don't have affordable housing in their cities and people can't move to their cities or their communities to be able to work there. So those are two investments we're making which are gonna help our business. But overall, if you look at the reasons why companies invest in a city or a community or a country, taxation is one reason, but it's not anywhere near the top reasons, and the top reasons are things that Canada excels at having a skilled workplace having a safe and secure and stable government having good services available for the people. These are the criteria that people look at and we excel at all those. What's your target for growth in Canada, like how much better do you want the country to be doing I believe the the tools that governments have that are best at spurring? The economy are when we invest directly into people so instead of their corporate tax strategy that mr. Harper used where he gave blank cheques to billionaire into wealthy companies. That didn't actually encourage job growth. That meant that many companies took the money and then just left I believe in targeted investments that actually go towards communities. So with our retrofit program, those are investments that are gonna, create jobs in communities. They can be officer offshore, they have to happen in communities. Our investments to build more housing is gonna, build better opportunities for work and for housing in communities. So our investments go directly to spring the economy and our plans go directly into reducing costs for people as well as businesses. I think this is the best way to invest money in cazuca, nada, Bonjour, petit, caricature, real caffeine Asakusa. We may see Kathy Nishiki de Partie ocupado to prevail Aquila budget. Our efforts well mama needs pakka, por una, parte, democratic civil war, la Frieda transpire he is a fairness. Yeah I skip the part in marquise Lamacq, visible jigida perceive Sarah pocket s, Casa de venir as the who come as a leak on bank nicotine havoc, so curbs that he'd be a real if he knows public uncle, I wanna book with the proof: Don passe avec le government provincial, like vermin, a Democrat on PNG, hey Bujji, may 2nd pappu Laguna federal depleted dis any on I view. The ku-ku-ku-ku O'donnell revenue, Cooper denied service, donc vous chantez, a certain direction move as Paula Paula, Canada ogle associate a tonka occurs in the movies decision that we beaucoup days any it full of Alec, wash the tuna la dirección, a perfect site for augmented revenue, a augment allez emphasis, new knowledge on da le pré ground upon scoops heavy. As your on Smith's camel service. The gardenia cell Quebec Odyssey program come up the spirit gonna devote to Quebec. Lo God did this year: ok, backlogs Arriba's royal affair. A lot of the Frieda shows dissolved the Rockies or Papa soy. No an example con about the last year on America merica, more Universal, wheeler, Quebec, 80, Evan Gattis, see Claire may maintain. Only program key exists: a coot tosia, seeing the puja program at bellomont, estaba dirige, a collision too happy to share policy on TV ask a certain system assumes pv who Bleak Milan, Jae dong, Jae Hong Kong take I can hit Hawaiians an epistle he okay back in Medicare entropy uncompacted asansol, our pool Asians privy a coastal system. He exists: ok, Baek, dong-soo, Campos, Vasu, V, buku, darshan collision; ok, back paskevich le laasa hands privy, he applies a person kenapa the couverture etiquette, the digimon Zacuto sure the sukham propose Versova large on my apology. Ok Baek sang song da la da honey, a potato. Please pull a junkie on these asam's PV now so compromise, but famous with really cool pull a cable, a cable cast. On the many concrete you see: beaucoup de sindhikka, sila, co. Ok, back on D K, we fo le de la vaca nationals, public Universal as cassava ideal, a trabajar travels donkeys on Aussie DISA, conscious a cassava, a determined avec. No, no plumper limit e li fray frays cellular Saba direct mo at the tool amount utilized a cellular as compiled fuchsia at rubella, Montano serviced, cellular a internet. Don't work, not a plan. Paul Platt found a shoe solicitous. You need a lastly, a fee, servo OC, so V beaucoup de Jean pool Asia. Ok back like the Michael agus miss Amanda, mushy and else parallel impact dog, Marty, Manahan Scalia of New York London is a trapeze with the tourists exist. Emma statistics day of Itokawa do mil like a COC, the dog Marty. As a point of us, a pepperoni Paxil economy, vulnerable from Shaji to listen. Are you solely Calvo? Visibly Japan's que su controversy. Seek a kosher scale is perfect class K on the CMM tondee's embassy, small Kiva fragility, coupling who lays on top please come licensed medical universities about famous oval example. Isn't? Oh, please, mem Tom wheeler taxation sit on a cone on pal. The rule is on. Please invest no Lara Jean Missy pal, please important, leepu's important, so Kelso's, a circus I in the last ability to govern Amana stability to be beaucoup de sautron shoosh like as soon the Pakwan West, Donna, Donna, p, eople moi cyclical a listen! Please don't continue the best here, o Canada cause the benefits: Condon ojamas, so nice to AME like a sea dog, Marty, Damania important, don't cou like taxes or surahs entre. Please excuse of a personage II lack tivity economic, a don't click listener you to start school, so local moves a previous layer of new cooperative as cassava taka. Won't even the communication module Penske, a vacuole nosy bestest, most about Mattel economy basket on, invest defect, mondo the program Kiva created the activity, economic Donna, community donk knows investments and versus mom focused a lodgment Apple double at rubella. P Sava created this opportunity. Economic know the embassy smoke anniversary on the shack, mezzanine bat, emo, salvo secret, easy this opportunity; economic, don't lay community, don't Japan's correctly. The embassy small Derrick tomorrow, don't laugh. République Donna, transparent, comma Don, Lee service Kamsa suffered any priest activity, economic, a survey utility no two persons come governor federal direct amount. Only community people augment led activity, al expelling all Toronto Star, the head-to-toe health care that you've been promising. I'm. Sorry, that's my actually. If someone's turn off their cell phone, please someone's got a semi an alarm. The hedge Hotel health, everyone looked and said, is in nine Emily sorry 99, head-to-toe health care. What you show you've obviously promised a number of things like that: I care, your care, addiction services, mental health. When will those things actually sort of come into the picture for you, if you win government and how much will they cost and how will that change this fiscal plan that you're proposing yeah so we're, starting with two big commitments, we're starting with our pharmacare and our dental care? Those are two massive commitments and vision is always gonna be head-to-toe healthcare. We know that with some of these investments, we're hoping and we've seen that there's been realization of savings as well, and so we know with the investments in a universal farming care. It's gonna create an opportunity to reduce our costs because people are going to be able to stay healthy, not need to go the hospital not need to get into a position where their illness gets worse. So there's some savings that we're hoping to realize. We haven't factored those in to our plans, but we're hoping that those are going to realize some savings. We're pretty confident, that's going to be the case and we're hoping to then make more investments with the savings that we realize into the programs. We want to deliver, which include vision, care and hearing care and more mental health services. So this is a start. It's a bold start, it's a big start, but our plan is still to make sure our healthcare system truly covers people from head-to-toe. For that or is it just sort of like an aspiration? Eventually, it is an aspiration, but it's something that we're gonna see once you start making these these big investments and we starts realizing some of the savings. Then we want to start looking at how we can continue to expand. Our big difference is this: we've seen years and years where liberals and conservatives have been cutting health care spending and effectively have shifted the 50/50 balance that used to exist between the federal government and the provincial government to a 2575. We want to return to a point where we're investing massively to build a system that actually takes care of people whenever they need care, so that people don't have to rely on their benefits, and these are our two big steps and we're hoping to continue to work on that hi. Mr. Seng Sarah Turnbull from ctv news, dot, CA and your plan relies heavily on a pretty solid economy. What happens when you have safeguards in place for when we face or if and when we face an economic downturn? Yes, we've we've put in place a contingency plan in our in our budgeting, which accounts for some unpredictability with some of our revenue and perhaps some unpredictably unpredictability with the economy. So we factor that into our planning. Are you speaking to you know our economy right now is largely lifted on on the back set the knowledge economy and innovators and entrepreneurs? How are you speaking to them in this plan? So a couple of things for young people who who are contemplating going to university or not faced with the massive that they might not make that decision? We know that people want a skilled workplace and right now it's becoming less and less appealing to go to university. One of the first steps that we're doing that's gonna massively make it less scary to go into university. Is that with the federal loans right now, there's a there's, an interest that's charged, and that means that the debt is is growing or when you try to pay it back, you're, paying back some principal and some interest, so we're gonna medially lift the interest off of all federal student loans. So that's gonna help. Students out immediately encourage people to go to university and continue to get educated for folks in the knowledge economy. Some startup companies they don't often are able to provide benefits to their employees, which they would love to be able to do we're providing coverage for dental and for pharma care. That's gonna make it a country, that's more desirable for companies to set up to grow to expand their businesses. We understand that the future of our economy is going to depend on the knowledge sector. It's something that I'm gonna continue to work with the leaders in those fields to look at how else we can create a climate where those companies can expand and grow, but we know cell phone and Internet services or things that we want to cap to provide them with better abilities to connect and that the services we probably will make sure that their workers are more able to be productive and contribute. Good morning, mister singing I'm, Charlie bing gordyn from high politics, um I, don't think this budget includes anything related to foreign policy. We've seen other parties propose things like canceling, the Asian infrastructure bank. So it just begs the question: what is the NDP's number-one priority abroad? If elected I just want to make one quick contrast, you know when Mr Shearer talks about cutting foreign aid he's completely missing the point that the wealthiest aren't paying their fair share and that's very much in line with conservatives. They want you to believe that the only way to raise revenues to cut investments in in building a better world. That's the big contrast with us. We believe we can actually ask the wealthy since society to pay a little bit more and to invest in our programs, but in terms of our priorities around the world. Canada has been known and should be known as a leader in diplomacy and peacekeeping and I think that's an important role that we play, and so we need to continue to call out in justices around the world and I'll be prepared to do that. I have done it all continue to do that and being a part of a solution towards peace and diplomacy and always encouraging those options for resolving conflict, as opposed to some of the posture we have seen from mr. Trump and some of the dangerous decisions he's made. There needs to be a voice of reason in the world and I think Canada can play that strong role. All right and it's a good thing. You brought up Mr Shearer I, want to ask you about him. He's someone who's worked in federal politics. In Canada, for a long time much longer than yourself, why would you be a better representative of Canada than him on the world stage? Well, I. Think the the decision in terms of governance comes down to who you governing for and when we talk about trade deals. Some of the things that impact Canadians directly are the types of trade deals that we make or we negotiate and the priority in those trade deals for me as a new Democrat and me as leader are gonna, be. Are we entering into agreements at benefit workers where, as we've seen with conservatives in the past, like mr. Harper and with mr. Trudeau, the priority has been? Will this trade deal increase GDP or will it benefit those at the very top, but they haven't actually paid attention to whether it actually benefits working people? And we see that in direct results of the negotiations, the newly negotiated NAFTA does not put in place protections for workers that are enforceable, does not put in place enforceable protections for the environment, so it's nice words, but not really any concrete action to help our workers. It also is going to increase the cost of medication and it seriously threatens dairy farmers, so the decisions made have not benefited workers. The difference with me and someone like mr. Shearer or someone like mr. Trudeau, is that I'll make decisions that benefit people, not the wealthiest. Why would I Canada remain immune to an economic slowdown that seems to be on the horizon? I think that we've got a really unique set of criteria that makes us a company. Our country that accompanies want to invest in and we're a place. That's got stability, a place, that's got great services and we're gonna expand those services, but not something that you can't predict and if it happens, we'll be ready to respond with with prudent measures to make sure that Canadians never see any cuts to their services. But we continue to make the right decisions to keep our country moving forward. After the US tax cuts came in, the business community was really nervous about corporate tax competitiveness issues in Canada, visa V, North America, and the thinking was that Canada needed to cut more to avoid killing economic growth. This would totally ignore those pressures and head in the opposite direction, with a big hike. What do you say to that? Well, we know countries around the world are in a similar position, as US have increased their revenues and their they've got great economies. We can look to examples in Europe and in Scandinavia, so what we're proposing is just balancing out what has been for a long time, an unbalanced situation where the wealthiest are not contributing their fair share and families are asked to contribute their share and they're, not getting services that they need that they need I. Believe we need to change that and and I'm proud that we're willing to take that on excusably accompli lucubra -. That's not a - P, a pop couplet ma a kid Dawid cattiness. He uncovered it to assess the sacre-coeur PC we Celso need who it's only saw. Three shows key on the auto shows: come Evan C, Aquino pas de cebú G young-sook on a proposed diamond -. No, they gone at top of a class yawns medicament universal. He lays one down the national Ellis Rondo Internacional Saturn program, federal a certain program. Communist Johan Skiba Tony the cover-up work at me: Leon Canadian, a Canadian Demeter, no, a on Valley blue one. You want on valve Wallach over to police one ocular lease monthly survey on, say, killed for player, plus Poulos acciona justice reasons. We spend a Sunday mantel on a common, see, I backed his embassy smugly like his dope. You it don't come design versus marvelous the rehabilitation, the service, their ability. As you know, you see the service, the Santa Marta mail, a clusterfuck. So, conversely, the on the crown at top and their lack of quality to be a Sunni Jerusalem on combat commerce, avec les, the dontoh ill licensed medical universal, don't la cuota to penis, copper! Real is a dowser possible efforts. Well, humor us as a parade Sukanya purposes. This is le mo vaughn creo CD, the the impassive. A large on Alexa dunk on about UTC sees le monde on document. The maintainer basket on Vasily see see see savings, don't up cake on here, Yi's see shows on contrary the investi approach, a lizzie like over to Adobe Quebec desuka Massimo on / commence a Donna, Schuurman poet and well abusive criminal entity. Opie couverture, CIPA, exact, Montclair paskevich receiving pathetic lump come on see the augment is so gonna propose. Him is a vector data on a common see. The first account on the Trans Mountain jicka, haka V policy front remains a pogrom sushkova me, but a calcium sqc. The van der trans mountain simple need to walk on fat epidermal on tangency the sassy. He took no action public via LAN infrastructure, key energy unavailable energy pop rocks, a see me Bella a common year, heave it for savoir the exact amongst equality. Passive exit set shows corner maintenance is not appropriate. I don't get full service. Equally did Isaac way, exact Masuka preferred me: may you see the to you, which is a shock dollar Shaq's shoe the not Valjean public Verdi project, Hannover observers when de Savoie determine Iker Sifu judgment, saying / - with it Verve and trans mount engine represent cop, yet others Apocrypha needed faso me effective, Masuka, java version of vapor continuing the ownership people in cinnabar dem dem evil. Are me municipal, gas, kilvo, fair, see koala llamas, Le peu de blanco', Geneva Condon and gozman San Saba, see koala mayor fasten, delayed 11, don kumar, sivan, sasi, okay, shocked, sue kona Maintenon, the Embassy of Saba, whose f-secure public key song, huh nouvelle, habla, whoo energy pop may assume emergency pass a koala mayor fastened, a leader level excursion is hip, actually did I sorry just to follow up on that. If you are so opposed to it, why can't you say right now, you will sell it if you become Prime, Minister, yeah I, don't know what the the exact value is of the asset and what the best way to move forward is and I want to commit to a path of action without knowing those details, I can tell you what I want to do is make sure that not a cent of our public dollars go towards infrastructure. That is not renewable or creating clean energy. That's what I want to do. That's my goal and how I achieve that goal depends on what the most prudent way is to go ahead and so I'll make sure I make a decision that is in the best interest of Canadians. But my values are this I, don't want any of our public dollars going towards continuing or maintaining any infrastructure? That's not clean or renewable I just want to follow up on the head to toe health care. Technically, your platform does not cost out head to toe health care. So why do you continue to talk about head to toe health care? If it's now just aspirational that you'll have I and and mental health, if the numbers aren't in here, it's not technically a head to toe health care anymore. Well, that's our goal and something really important. If you're saying to voters, it will be head to toe health care they're expecting that in the first mandate. So is it just not gonna come in the first mandate now well, we're gonna do. Is we're gonna start with those two big steps, and we know that with increasing investments in universal farming care for all and in dental care, that's gonna create a savings and we're not putting those savings into our documents now, but we know we're going to really realize some savings with those savings we're going to continue to expand and build towards that head to toe coverage. It's a commitment, it's a value when you vote for New Democrat, you know what you're getting you know that we believe in the ultimate goal of making sure our health care system is there for people when they need it, and those are commitments and I'm proud to make that commitment in front of you now and I know that we're gonna realize some savings and we're gonna make those investments back into the healthcare system to continue to expand. So what you get with your Democrats is every time we can we're not going to cut health care we're going to and it and our goal being head-to-toe health care coverage. Mr. Singh Kevin, Gallagher, CTV national news, so there's 25 million dollars allocated for a national autism strategy. Can you just give us a understanding of what that would mean for families? What what is that 25 million dollars get them well? We know that there's a lot of tough times for families that that are right now facing massive cuts in autism services and those cuts have hurt families here in Ontario and they've hurt families in in provinces across Canada, and so what we're proposing is what a lot of experts have asked for is we need to come forward with a strategy that allows us to have a partnership with the federal level to see what we can do to tackle the lack of investments and the lack of services, and so we're putting dollars up front, and we want to develop a strategy and we're putting money behind developing strategy so that nationwide we've got an approach to help families that are suffering with cuts. They don't get the services they need and want to look to national leadership to what we can do to actually deliver those services. But I mean that we're lacking specifics here. So are we talking about more therapists? We're talking about more centers dedicated, like you know, give us some specifics about what that would get families yeah we're developing the plan and we're saying that we want to develop a national strategy when putting dollars behind developing that strategy. So that's exactly it. We're gonna, sit down and meet with the experts and with families and say you tell us what we need to be developing. We've got the money to make sure we develop a national strategy that actually helps out families. That's what experts have been asking for, and we know families need it and we're ready to deliver that that funding for the creating the plan to arrive at that number. We know when you want to develop a national strategy and needs to have money behind it, and we looked at other national strategies and how much money has been committed to developing a national strategy, and this is an amount, that's a meaningful amount that helps us fund, a strategy that could be national and that can have enough dollars to actually make it happen. Nero, trans mountain sitter people in keep Artemis Mojave, awesome million dollar, Hani Bernama sqc positively. Publicly the disorder of neon announced on 12 Andrea, say on feta LTCC agency, PASOK qalam Mayo fussing delay, delay delay on prescription support. You lead a tie as Gideon fastened, 11s Keon fastened and Akiko Suzuki on Satyricon in Mattoon dono embassy, smokey, Donovan, -, male Canadian census, equalities, Rita sue Cooper, dear Puma, cycler me Villar, so juniper continuing the investor da la sector, fossil an uni Lisa bonds on patrol er services, Ricky Kuhn, the North Arm public via a design fee structure for sealer energy for sale, no sasazuka via Ana, River, Lodge, admit saying fransokyo. We declare a kaput Trans Mountain Kieffer heads a not over pal Vonda, see exact malakas John, Kerry Posey, consciously Donna position. This a virtually die server, Conde decision, Pradhan reverb, a lead, 11 dose and many on invested on energy, Cobb Energy own available a Java pond, a decision by the co2 laser information he c.difficile, the prana Nagasawa truly did I may super Jeep of deal jennifer, pollock monte during a vapor Batio nouveau. Just recount all expansion, it's a semi Bella, let's see beaucoup. Thank you. Thank You Angela.