Don't rakia Philip gallo seasick too savvy Philip, competative, Victoire, decisive, sur la seine, Internacional, a avec les, a constituent, laveyan October Eva comport, a une autre ground o'clock, ICI, don't makea come Rochelle Mattel down screaming leaf you'll enjoy the meal. This week a comes Jocelyn, Credit, Valley Fair, don't Lac saint-jean, Eagleman, GTS, alleyway la présence, the long hair, jean-pierre blackburn ancien meanings, a ancien deputy jean-pierre Alma merci beaucoup de 3c, elevating our table. Huzzah, hey ash was here on Libyan Kudo, a good monkey Aquila class. My end ooh goober amo conservator geometrically - on Dumbo posh, porker whoop. We see a Emir a what record again next month. Canadians will have a choice between the Trudeau liberals, a government that said it would help the middle class, but instead raise taxes and made life more expensive for every Canadian and a new Conservative government that will put more money in your pocket. So you can get ahead. Come in minister, there bacilli is imported to LeMond I'm Paul de Witts. On second allowed to post only push the shock for me. Supreme Allah Tobias will affect your Teatro. Reed will impose like on Jay the maternity matter on plastic, redeem, Pope or a condition physic days on for permit on parenteral images, camel de la for his activities, supportive dollars on phone PA, liquidy, dimple police activity da Ayda, Ponte saj, this on phone permit on parent director images, get singsong da la pull a programmed. Our ADA protesters delivers on for a all metallic lady, his own dilash, sir key benefit silver reduce ozone, a a pre favor of Avenue, a Donovan coupler risk across Cassandra idea. Lucy Don, Hollinger, a port on, are considered a non-state election. Don't let protection the network. Vilma ec, o second relaxing know who the real actions de vivre down in the Bell region Opie come to the Quebec, because we will oppressive a a protege but reclaim to pay certain volunteer. Japan touch a Kosovo. Really they come from a minister. Do Canada Day elevated our table. The song called a sainthood Oh on Matty aired on Fiamma, exert - Kanu pour some improvisation in a pact. A public detained releasable, the de mio truant may a lost a CD on layer for the millet cinco avec oaken date. I0 you sainthood, o LS, champion delay improvisation, la a crease on plan, la Via Roma on mode panic, sue in napkin, soul, acquaintance, table, DeMarco, t, JM, repla mantra in prayer plan for Protege natural phenomena proposed suit, wah grah, Princip, the technology, bad bad attacks in informal previa, a pre proper in lute mondiale, consolations mo climatic soap. Lo le plan complain Gemma present a parent party political Canada. Natural plan contains sink on, sank, Monsieur, specific, specific realist. Lal is a blur, don't sell general. So should we add a comment below usually don't prove our reservoir in credit, dimple police, a potassium echo, responsible, rhombus, have the vapor zone pull a renovation wet caboodle affair? Don't water domicile? The freedom mil dollar is Jessica vane. Mildura slapper has seen if a disk at Hormel, witson dollar economy, annual mo servo renovation, wet Polly, depression, any say renovation, wet, won't include links to lassie on these along the old callate la chateau furnace, the old efficacy de l'homme plans, mountable party fenêtre paddy model through echo, energetic Alami rationed, a system devant les. You know the chauffeur's aid climatization a installation on the panel, so they don't live ensemble. They measure continued on not reply on. View Motel will permit around the economies a on priests, the protege natural Miller TV, as Prime Minister I, will establish the green homes tax credit that will allow you to lower your home's emissions through green renovations. This two-year program will encourage Canadians to renovate their homes with emission reducing technologies. With our plan, you will be eligible to receive a 20%, refundable credit on your income tax, for green improvements to your homes of over $1000 and up to $20,000. It could mean savings of up to thirty eight hundred dollars on your green renovations each and every year. Now those green renovations would include installation of high quality insulation, investments in high-efficiency furnaces replacement of doors and windows, with more efficient models, upgrading a ventilation, heating and cooling systems and installation of solar panels. Together. The measures in in our environmental plan will allow you to save while protecting our environment. Our realistic strategy will also give Canada the best chance to meet our Paris targets. Should separed the cinco-fone come to leap at home, Mosu alopecia italy are freely mayor chance to succeed on a V. It a possibility. The viva la danza mode doesn't mon say a problem. Ensemble is an unfair impact. Important don't set the election that can play an a at least for preservation of your mo accompli. They made on eco, responsible mom long back. Read: realism is ammonia on meat on pleasure, don't lay pasta, KD /, kill priests, amore they're coated. You see my vision would not repay mercy. Thank you very much. Have you take your questions? Obviously, I do Canada my kids, don't see so to sue her. You suck Martina Vicki. What comes Danna. She could sniff yeah salut Ian fette man, la compañía, Brianna he's on his own coach. We massage the Filipino down I was on cackling massage telephonic, the adult Suliban virtuoso Sammy Sosa, past Facebook kill a nationalist et Latvian, totally personalized amongst Quebec, come on v.I.c main positions, Jersey to Joe Clair, say in Politico, Jeana Belgium, a swivel, Nouveau federal made no say city knows RuPaul a clearly Corvette. When she comes Edie, Caesarion politician average MS. We own evil federal, g20, Claire's, mom position cetera, may not see the only leak or a little, a little back on, say, good morning, Kristi Kirk up from The, Globe and Mail. What is your path to reach the Paris climate agreement, our real plan for the environment? That is our path it. It does several things. It makes it more affordable for Canadians to invest in their own homes with this green homes, tax credit. It also takes the climate change fight global, and it is the only plan that talks about exporting Canadian, clean technology to help lower global emissions. With all due respect, you have not carved out a specific plan of how you're going to reach the targets laid out in the Paris agreement. How are you going to be able to reach those targets, especially with the continuation of oil production? Well, as I said, this plan does give Canada the best chance to achieve those Paris targets with with investing in green technology, not taxes with our green patent tax credit with this green homes, renovation, the green homes, tax credit. These are all measures specifically designed to help lower Canada's emissions, but also lower global emissions, and that's a key point here. Canada is not the problem. We can shut down our entire economy here and within a matter of days, the production in China would replace everything that we produce here. All the emissions that we emit here. So it's much better for our planet, much better to fight climate change, to take the climate, change fight, global to help fight glow to lower global emissions, and that's exactly what our plan does. We say: promote the alcohol rate, really lazy mission, those in context global, a natural plant seller. So long he can keep alder Reed. We're lazy mission was in context global, exporting the technology. Kennedy imperialism, ECL global, be a mucus. You know thermal concentrate so natural. No, no, they miss. You know you co, Canada. A lot of your own views differ with Quebecers, notably on same-sex marriage, the environment, energy East pipeline and bill 21. Isn't that a major hurdle for the Conservatives to actually win votes here in Quebec? Not at all because Quebecers know and Canadians know that we will not reopen those types of issues, those social issues- that's been a very clear commitment and I know that here in Quebec, Quebecers would prefer to purchase Canadian energy instead of oil and gas coming from the United, States or Algeria, but they don't want energy. East I mean how do you fight that and, in addition to the resurgence of the bloc québécois in these regions, that you're visiting Quebecers support energy projects? Quebecers support the the growth of clean technology like like natural gas, they / I know that Quebecers every survey shows that Quebecers would rather purchase their oil and gas from Canada instead of from Donald Trump's economy or instead of from Algeria, so I'm, quite confident with our energy corridor that we can help create the types of conditions that will provide a win-win for Western, Canadian energy and for Quebec s-- own hydroelectricity. We can Adams, you sure, come on leaves upon what replevin Martin, who said you Calvin the data Eppley mazurka metro, that levy asset objective, the Milwaukee kind of definitely people in a kind of Buddhist, a grandma. You have all you've already amore Alka militia producer useful on Mayo contraire, not reply about kuda date. I beaucoup de shiverpool mantra come over at him. Listen, they say on ingrown contrast of eclipse. Now they issue a the include, or we may say, not reply, a dish ever a day. The measure give a clear moment come on vapid. We know they miss you exactly roundish theodoric you'll see in fancy pam own opinion. It made. No. Mr. trudeau, am the palais de cochon de miel sang hunt, I've seen destruction in the prepared member at the endlessly, possibly the Amiata a lot of except long come example. A pair example I've accepted major I, don't say, or should we I'm portrayed we're lazy mushy on the NIF Megaton, the dizzy miss you see in in a avec metal plant, the the loot, a consolation, lazy mission, doesn't context global opera in May, a mayor impact so love. Your male plan deliver all these at Passy bhagava Park of a second you go but massage we pull a bomb. Okay, Beck campaign, Christopher Porco guilty news, Trevor campaign. Ag, you see track on time, Beck natural campaign, a exactly who's at comic-con city, Lou, chef de Partie consider the oken % ki upon second Pagani Lee Le Conte come Lacan today, leisure motel, on agony set Conti new 0 in Kampala Quebec Reza near here on Twitter, has any effect. Lee québécois Quebec was and to know Canada's sound optimistic that the Levant in October of a continuing on a large pyre, we're very happy with how the campaign is going all over Canada, especially here in Quebec, when I was first elected leader of the party. Nobody expected us to be able to win by elections like we did with Rashard Martell. Our candidates are very happy with the way the campaign is unrolling, we're very optimistic for the results of October 21st. That issue was resolved. Rama work in Carrozza of killed among selected a ratio schedules of a cask of availa and of Kaposi's elect allah ya. Beaucoup de re see that we Direction universe and mothers upon moroccan remains is not in pali internet Oh des baux, CUDA Richie, Caskey Boozer via abandon the zero, the specific energy Oh Simone question being silly later on the circulation of the prophet, a the Saturn on surgery, Mayo C, Sinatra party, keypad Oracle, a regional average cellular, a bar Excel internet OTB tests or Co new similar Sol, particular the Aquino sector, neutral sector first year, all our being sir riadi. They disrespect another platform, key resident, specific model circulation in valve war. Please, the dollar dollar pistol a campaign good morning. Mister share JP, Tasker CBC News. With this announcement today, you're gonna spend about 1.8 billion dollars and only reduced may emissions. By about nine megatons. Are there not better ways? Can you not get a better bang for your buck with other initiatives? It seems very expensive. Well, there's two components to this announcement. Obviously, reducing emissions by reducing energy consumption is a key part of that, but the other key part of that is helping make life more affordable for Canadians and when Canadians can take advantage of this homes. Tax credit to make renovations in their home, they will make their own lives will become more affordable as the cost of living is reduced because their energy consumption will go down. So there's there's two pieces to this announcement and both of them are going to have a very positive impact for Canadians. Leaving aside the carbon tax, which we know you hate, are there any other liberal environmental initiatives that you'd roll back? Well, we know that, in addition to the carbon tax, the Liberals are proposing a fuel standard which would increase the cost per litre of gasoline by a tremendous amount altogether increasing the cost of a litre of gasoline by over 30 cents, a litre that is going to have a devastating impact on our economy and on the cost of living for Canadians, moms and dads who drive to school. Drive work are going to pace drastically higher prices and that's going to drastically reduce their quality of life. We are opposed to those types of measures that increase the cost of living for Canadians. We add a this list and our poor lessons. Liberty Bell augment a like Oodle, a pre Dessen's. Para o minimum a doclet actual carbon, the trans trans on pallet I said as you table who they could levy. Tell me Lucia pull a Canadian Kennedy or on suppose, as IOC Alexandra for ten kilo McCain set on it is a juicy unique but I consumers or the Galilee medusa medusas unplugs, a consensus cottage on cannot see over here and mine, kept at the ALDC medium viscosity Monet, guys, Marcus, Allen L see the shows it is tasted. They simply feel a V play. Québécois came across the celestial province relation to avoid air trap or dimple Allah, poor Polly, Jean, Dubois Sonora owner here, the sir on that I see Rick Lee lilies on plus on protégée over Sibley le paradis fiscal valve war between the legs, batiste functioning up cool affair on vasilich nipple, Kelantan, cava, singing avec leur the province to get back. My protégée lays on police cameras, Molly's auntie, Polly competence profile, deliver some skanks Apulia needy pet carmine gets called upon, see Saint Seiya click on that what they function. Arabic text, expertise, a OC on that what they function, air, poor prosody. They don't keep a being the the province to Quebec law on virtual wobbles when they function. Air I don't have a new pour pour pour pour proposal. A little infamous you know. Possibly lately don't a poor estuary system function allows to see an engagement just becoming stricken fee on convert fella do shows to simply feel levy levy. Pull a John to Quebec me OSI protocol is employ CEO John Kia as Nokia good morning, mister CTV News reported yesterday that a BC man was given medically assisted death, despite pleas from his family that he was mentally ill. Therefore, could not make that decision himself and he wasn't facing immediate death. Do you think there should be an investigation or clear guidelines for this bill? Well, that's an excellent question and that issue was raised multiple times when Parliament was studying this legislation. One of the the main concerns I had it had with this piece of legislation was ensuring there were adequate safeguards to protect those who, who may not be have the ability to give consent or to to today to request these types of services. There is a timeline within the right within the legislation to have a review of that and with recent court rulings. I think it is time to take a look at at the regime around medical assistant and to ensure that it is protecting vulnerable people and while at the same time respecting the court's decision about Bill 21. So if you were a prime minister of Canada, would you join the court case against the secularism bill? So, as I've said many times, our position on this is very clear. This is not something we would ever pursue at a federal level. This was a decision taken by by elected officials in Quebec. We have no intention of intervening in the court case. The court case is proceeding. The Quebecers will pursue that through the courts and the courts will ultimately decide. Paul suggests that young people are less likely to devote for your party, but in part because of your opposition to the carbon tax. Do you think you've an inverted Lea created a ceiling to support in this country and not at all I? Think young people are seeing more and more evidence that the carbon tax isn't working and if they want real action on the environment, they're turning away from the Liberal Party, because they see that after four years in power, Justin Trudeau's plan has made it so the Canada falls further and further behind and that's why we're getting such great support for our real environmental plan? Is it fair to say, as one economist did, that you your plan is one where no one pays anything well. Our campaign is about making life more affordable for Canadians I. Note that under Justin Trudeau's plan, large industrial emitters aren't paying the carbon tax they negotiated themselves thanks to having key insiders with the government. They negotiate themselves. An exemption of up to 90 percent of the carbon tax and yet hard-working moms and dads are paying the full cost of the carbon tax. And that's why our plan puts an investor son in technology over taxes. We can incentivize the types of research and development that leads to reductions in emissions with things like our green, a patent tax credit there's an example in Saskatchewan of a company that took advantage of a very similar type of measure that reduced the emissions for refining oil. They were able to maintain the same level of production while drastically lowering their emissions. That is the type of technological examples that that will help to lead to emissions, as well as taking the climate change, fight, global, so I'm, very happy with our plan. I think Canadians see a real plan takes that our plan takes the climate change, fight global and puts more money in their pocket. Yeah a conf young, Canadian prasena. That's where plan involve a clearly broke, lay Lake grown Poliwhirl. Are you know in our own speciality, the Exxon Taylor's, a Miss Europe rescue cat Levin, this person it may - lele, continually ordinaire - up a some personal attacks or a car bomb, or our vac natural on Kiva UK control, a lazy machine dozen contacts global, a avec le major Kira Metro, $2,000 posh. They Kennedy Empire in Ferrara, shir have another CBC, you say: Canada is not the problem when it comes to climate change and you mentioned China, but the average Canadian emits twice as much co2. As the average citizen of China, the average Canadian emits three times per capita, the global average. So why are Canadians not the problem when you look at the total emissions coming out of Canada, and you compare that against countries like China, that you see where the the major disparity is we're in a region right now that is known for producing aluminum at a fraction of the emissions for the same unit of production in China, so by exploit by exporting our clean technology. By doing things like facilitating the installation of carbon capture technology in power plants in China, we can drastically lower global emissions and isn't that the point isn't the point of this to have a real impact on climate change by reducing global emissions. Just by installing carbon capture on a fraction of those Chinese power plants, we can reduce hundreds and hundreds of megatons worth of co2 emissions. So that is why our plan works better. A molecule of co2 does not need a passport to travel around the world so by reducing by taking the climate change by global, we can have a much better impact on lowering global emissions, but on lowering emissions and when we talk about reducing hundreds and hundreds of megatons, just to come back to Canada's own target, your understanding in megatons what is Canada's Paris target? Well, look! It's it's it's! It's! It's a percentage reduction of levels that we are going to achieve by 2030 and by, for example. This specific measure today will reduce an environment and analysts said that this would reduce Canada's emissions by nine megatons. When you look at things like the green patent tax credit, we can expect the types of innovation and investment that will lead to the types of products that will help reduce those emissions. As I said this, this plan gives us the best chance to hit those Paris targets. We have to reduce our production, our emissions of those pair of those of our emissions by 2030 Justin sure of now wants to talk about 2050 because he knows he failed to get to 2030 and we're not going to get into a debate about 50 when he doesn't even have a plan to hit the 2030 targets on the papaya on trade. On Xindi bastard give me a sec hong kong sheeting to load napalm in a plan to attain disability day meal truant natural plant. They they measure specific land install. Should we read we're not a mission pattern, if megatons say in example, late autumn is your valve are in an impact significative suno's emission best chance to hit Paris? Is your plan but you've not actually attached or produced an analysis to show how your climate policies will reduce emissions or by how much? So how can you suggest your plan will get Canada to parents without any analysis? Well, actually, this announcement I've made today does come with an analysis and it's that it will reduce emissions on a permanent basis by nine megatons. That's significant! This will help put more money back in the pockets of hard-working Katie's while the same time lowering emissions. The other types of things that we're talking about in our plan, such as the green patent tax credit, will lead to massive amounts of investments in Canada, creating jobs and opportunity and develop the types of products that lower emissions here at home and that can be exported and that's also very key as well, because really, if we don't have a global context in fighting climate change, we can shut down our economy here tomorrow morning we could shut everything down and within a matter of weeks, all of those emissions would be replaced in China. So our plan is a more realistic plan. It'll have a better impact on the on the planet on our environment. By reducing global emissions. We should we be a vacuum in Chiffre the exact same in town, if Megatron aoc little measure Donna Trapani, they are a b c d. Monsieur lady mission was in context, global valve what is investing small innovation, dollar technology, co, canada, a on pathology, say, nouveau technology, reckless total papal, redo, a rosy Monsieur and the speculation about the impeachment of Trump is casting a long shadow that there's any hope that Congress is going to vote on us MCA anytime soon. So in your opinion, is Canada better off with or without new NAFTA. What Canadians one is certainty that we will have access to the US market and to the North American market with Mexico certainty is very important. That being said, there is no one who has suggested that the new NAFTA that Justin Trudeau came back with was better off than the old NAFTA Justin Trudeau gave up so much to Donald. Trump gave away concession after concession after concession in several areas. We we have a weakened trade deal than we left with it. The key for Canada, for Canada and for economy is certainty and we'll we'll leave it to American lawmakers to decide what happens in the US. But as long as we can maintain that preferential access to the North American market I think Canadians can have confidence that our economy will continue to grow. So so we'll see what happens the US, but we're certainly always a conservative member will always fight to have free trade within North America, say clear: avec le nouveau NAFTA Justin Trudeau done a the concessional, a conscious. You know: Donald Trump, yeah Okin aspect, it's a long scene after a Claremont Mayor, Nouveau NAFTA. If you didn't Kudo a nickel Val Lewton a a vacant mayor, a Cora Beckley's, it has any major balleseros it has you nearly the ludus. It has a needed, a seed, a met now may poor natural power, the party conservative, a toujours FPA the liberation directly as it has in here, illa Mexico. Merci beaucoup. Thanks very much. You.