Our chief political correspondent, David akin, is travelling with the shear campaign. David first duel planes now duel passports. How much of this is relevant to actual policies and and the leaders who want around the country? Well, I guess the first thing done is the conservative campaign has been attacking Liberal leader, Justin Trudeau, on the theme that quote unquote ease knot has advertised, and so this certainly opens the Conservatives up to the charge that their leader is not as advertised now over the years. The Conservative Party that that's, of course, the party Shearer now leads, has criticized some of its opponents, notably Stephane Dion and Thomas Mulcair, for holding dual citizenships and Shearer once quizzed his own constituents in Regina if they thought it appropriate that former governor general Mikhail Zhang, held both French and Canadian citizenship. So, for those reasons Donna Shearer has is all but invited his opponents to launch attack ads labeling him a hypocrite, okay, David, let's switch gears. Some old video of a Conservative candidate in BC has surfaced. It was posted a few years ago, she's being interviewed about why she opposes a school board policy aimed at stopping bullying and what she says is blatantly homophobic. Tell us about that, and the reaction all right, so the NDP is running, spend Robinson in Burnaby, North, Sea, more and spend, of course, was the MP for the area from 1979 to 2004. He was Canada's first openly gay MP. The NDP have now dug up some material in which the Conservative candidate that Robinson is running against her name's Heather Leung makes many homophobic slurs, including in this video. It was posted to YouTube more than six years ago, this homosexual people, they cannot reproduce the next generation, they recruit more people and more people into their camp. Now, she's also on the record calling gay people quote perverted and she says gay people try to recruit children. That's her words. Now we asked Shearer about this this morning. Here was his answer. I haven't seen this particularly that you're referencing. Of course our party stands for inclusiveness and the rights of all Kane's, including LGBTQ chains, and we'll always do so now. It is not the first time that the Conservatives have been confronted with something like this. In the campaign we have asked the party if lung will remain on the ballot in Burnaby, North, Seymour and so far no response other than what you saw from Shearer, all right and David. We are both in Ontario today and someone else is as well: Jason Kenney, the premier of Alberta, he's on the campaign trail. Why right well, Donna? The bigger question is: why isn't Ontario premier Doug Ford on the campaign trail here in Ontario, and here's that answer federal conservative candidates? Tell me Ford's name is poison when they knock on doors Kenny. On the other hand, he is still one of the most popular politicians in the country. Among conservatives, cheering Kenny, our great friends, Ken he's even godfather to one of shears, kids and Kenny, believes Trudeau's. Defeat is the best thing for his province, all right, David akin in Toronto tonight, thanks.