Global News obtained this video from a source within the Conservative Party and independently verified it to be true with Liberal Party officials before reporting on it. It shows Justin Trudeau in blackface. The video was filmed off another screen with no sound and shows the liberal leader in full body makeup, raising his arms and appearing to stick out his tongue. The video was taken in the early 1990s. What I did hurt them hurt people who shouldn't have to face intolerance and discrimination because of their identity. This is something that I deeply deeply regret. Trudeau mentioned Wednesday that he'd done it once before at a certain talent show when I was in high school I, dressed up at a talent show and sang dale with with that with makeup on, but he never mentioned this video. His apology, wednesday, came after Time magazine, published the first photo of him at an Arabian Nights theme gala in 2001. All this has allowed his opponents to double down on their campaign trail messaging. That Trudeau's actions are unacceptable. Well, I think Canadians might have been able to accept Justin Trudeau's apology if he hadn't lied about it, but he was active asked specifically if there are other incidences, and he said that there was only one other incidents. Now we know that there are at least three- it's not for me to forgive it's for Canadians, to forgive him if they choose to or not, but I have to really point out what we're seeing now is an ongoing pattern of behavior. That's really gonna hurt Canadians they're gonna see the Prime Minister mocking the realities that so many Canadians live with, and it is not a joke. It is simply unbelievable that anyone would have such an elapsed of judgment as to think that that was okay. Even then, the nature of the photo is that, had it been a different candidate, the Liberal Party would be now saying you have to step down on social media. Many seem willing to forgive Trudeau, given that he's apologized but many agree even back, then he should have known better. We all make mistakes as long as we apologize, and we acknowledge that we've done something wrong. I feel like what people need to realize is when dressing up in, say, cultural outfits. You don't necessarily have to put on the skin colour as well like you can dress up as a Latin, and people will still get the character without you painting your skin I mean he apologized right. At the end of the day, at least, he did Travis tan Raj, Global News.