Well, the night's not over yet, and so we are we're, gonna, wait and see the outcome. What I can say clearly has happened, as Canadians have seen that the message that we brought forward the need to continue investing in the success for themselves and their families that people took the hurt. They know that we need to deal with climate change. They know that our plan is the only way for us to move forward on that agenda. So I think what we're hearing is an agreement with the issues and we will manage towards making a difference for families managed towards making a difference for for our environment and I. Think Canadians would be on board. You said that the night is still young, but there are, if you are to return to the finance role, how how difficult do you foresee that being is trying to you know, broker deals when it comes to an opposition? That would be very keen on repealing a number of things that you I think we're always going to seek. The things that we know are gonna make a big difference for Canadians and I. I expect that the other parties will see that as well, so when we think about making sure that families are optimistic about the future, because they're doing better they're more money in their pocket, that students have higher levels of grants, I think we'll find broad support when we look towards making sure that we have a price on pollution across the country, so it can actually constructively deal with climate change. I think we will find a broad base of support, so we'll need to work to make sure that we are doing what we've promised we're gonna do and find ways to make sure that other parties will come along with that and I'm confident that we will be able to find that that ground, that matters for families that matters for Canadians and that other parties will come around to a grain. The Conservatives campaigning so heartily on repealing the carbon tax. Are you concerned that it may come to a point where the government could fall go back to another election? Just based on that? Do you think that they would be willing to support your government? If that was the crux of the issue, there I think we're gonna find that there is broad support in this country for dealing with climate change. You saw through the course in this election that we had young people stand up and say this was the most important issue in their agenda. I think what you're going to see from the results tonight is that a strong plurality, at least if not a majority of MPs, are going to be behind that notion. So we are going to continue to work on behalf of Canadians and we're going to find a way to ensure that we address the issues that we need to address and that's what we've been saying all through this campaign stumbles as far as your party as far as your leaders. Well, there were elements in this election campaign that were decidedly negative and that's unfortunate. Obviously, social media magnifies some of those discussions, I'm confident that what we've done is we've put together an agenda that it's going to make a real difference and I think what Canadians are going to want to see is that we're gonna get down to work that we're gonna actually work on the issues that matter to them. We need to put the election campaign behind us. We need to govern in a positive way addressing the things that people want us to address, so they can feel more confident about their futures. Even here tonight you know with the blackface scandal. Are these? Are you confident that we've moved past that point? What what word are you hearing from your voters that they would like to hear mr. Trudeau still address about that? You know. I've spent a lot of time in this riding with my constituents, as well as in other writings and I. Think that what they see is that our approach to ensuring that we have a strong and diverse country is the right approach. Obviously mr. Trudeau made a mistake that he apologized for we're going to move forward with our agenda, trying to ensure that we continue to be a beacon of hope for the world in terms of successful immigration policy, helping people to lead successful lives here from around the world when they choose to come to Canada. That's a policy. That's worked for generations, yourself. Team is rookie last time. How excited are you to return, knowing that there is a bit more experience now, look I'm very excited about the next Parliament. It is really the case that what's happened over the last four years has given me of a sense of how much impact we can have on Canadians lives. How much positive impact and I'm excited to get back to work together with my colleagues, so that we can make sure that we're actually addressing the issues that matter. So it's a really great result from that standpoint. I think it's a great result for Canadians.