My role, yes, Shambhala is a photosynthetic. Instead of Oz wall, opposite party sedimentation, some services college hockey, a Canyon Kazakh, MIT Java, we see messy Sevilla peasants, the Jimmy nickles MSNBC silicon's Adama, constant rain Dana's salmon avocado a gamma John Council, a very suave, simple avec, nous ce sera pay off after dark little issue present a caterers, his special infamous Caracas and me cuckoo unison, corrected fahai, Moran, Olivia Chow welcome to the jack layton park here this part. We are only five minutes away from the huts of God club and in the 60s it was a place where French kids did not belong. It was an exclusive place that didn't give space for the minorities in the area and Jack Layton was a member of the club. When he was a teenager, he felt the pain of the exclusion of his cracker Pony friends and he saw injustice, and so he decided to fight it. He found the rule book that as a junior Commodore, he could invite a friend. So he came up this scheme with his friends and invited everyone of his francophone friends and they had a grand party, and that was an annual party here at Hudson yard, club and I can just imagine young Jack. You know I just be following smile thinking of him at that age. Already with the instinct to lift people up to fight his justice and discrimination, I too felt excluded. I came to Canada when I was 13, barely speaking, my English still learning I felt lost and excluded and I was alone and thirty years being public service. Something s still happened to me, even though I represented Canada overseas. As a member of parliament during emeriti debate recently a few years ago, I was told to go back to China and I didn't even come from China. Imagine now a different child in grade four bullied relentlessly insulted punched, assaulted, mocked, taunted bashed, because of the way he looks because of his religion because of his skin color and instead of his heart going hard. He grew up hopeful, loving and determined to fight injustice and carry out that fight with compassion with love and even with joy. He's the leader of NPD jack meat sing. Jamie, gives people hope he gives young people hope for a better future for their planet. He gives families hope for better times ahead. He gives everyone who feels the pain of discrimination and exclusion. Hope we've all felt excluded whether we are to talk too short to fat to skinny or who we love, how we worship the color of our skin agenda. It didn't matter or even from the wrong side of the town of the village I'm here in Hudson today, where it began for Jack Layton, saying to Canadians to bet bars, follow your heart and vote for a truly progressive movement followed and have to courage to vote for government. That's in it for you and every vote for the NPD, it's a declaration that we all belong, because we support each other, Jackson Canadians. Don't let them tell you it can't be done so go find a friend who he was excluded and feels it alienated. Who feels it doesn't make a difference, a few powerless and ask him/her to join this wonderful movement of progressives I'm also here, because the legacy of Jack Layton is being carried out by a wonderful, courageous, compassionate leader, my good friend Jack meat sing I do not expect that I want to say. Thank you to me for being here is really messy too. With the team. The team is amazing. We've got an incredible team with some love to the steam dev on a kid. Come cybercanoe see a crab. He on Bethany sequel of capella in put the locket exactly on Timmy, knows beaucoup de menthe buku digoxin tambien, a Gulliver Charlie Jack, Layton, boo, Khadijah, okay, back Ian, fette, geonet mercy and pity perfusion Jameson AAT surgery pair exactly little majority surgery, a samosa personality, maple song, authenticity, Mayo, Civic, see Bella, see Bella the rooty contra the legality and illegality so co-equal different the planet in the alternate on the hormone effects: a cast: a Jack, c.length, PD occupant, a plastic addict a bit cocky, because a c-class adrenal fatigue, CEC on Politico hello for Georgie, do no silly Satya Yuga la de la ville, Albert s, potassium ODB, ODB, Direction, no diversity, Kelly Johnson limit among advanced matters, not know ZD of helper. Do Zakia tude the book edition in a co-host medical mount universal. This one dr., clutching Kelly's, uteri speed or just a tough ABS super heavy demo in engorgement thoughts. The little counter likely schematic the Georgia. Not only a compatible is obscene gypsy demonstrate Comanche lesson. Casio make a big wave are Asian demand, alla Turca mu-mimo a deliberately destroy - Eduardo movie Don nadine ET, a la seconde, a legacy data AV es su embellishments eggs, a la a la la la cabaña, Kraske fini age, official dream on Danny away: ok back jus da dat da hakushi Alejandra, Johnny C, merci de maua equity, kibou GS park commute the question. Pardon me: aha, Priscilla sumo I reckon corner her. The deputy New Democrat, a Kip thought you came back. Sierra Sierra candidates, Laguna to do amante approve a do ho set campaign in a Polock ahajni la convención de trabajo in the marriage blue water conference in the Sabbath pop it. On the paper horribly keyframe me on TV. It's have a full apparition, Hawaii Licavoli. Well, the Khalidi block. The rebel has shown the Daniel Simmons on the Hodgins vehicle. A low acuity, Candide I can deduct the Kennedy. We now see preserve the Canada, a candy that killed acidic politic to not sin, apostle and party Prague, assist, say to the second see who see do his own groove on some soccer engine, dear pulivetti, on October -, wah-ugh, assist, c'est la NPD news, Alan new butter culture like a schematic, whoo-hoo Tel, Aviv use Apple dab a pork, a little speed of just about basket. The poke assist see me again. I want to thank everyone, giraffe a mess here to be Kiki, SC, Mexico Olivia I want to thank just again Olivia for being here and I wanted to take a moment just to talk about being here at the park about exactly it's an inspiration. Jack was someone that was able to win over the hearts of Canada. Canadians went over the hearts of Quebecers, and he did that not just with his personality, which was pretty amazing and not with just his ability to connect with people, but because of his values, these values of fighting social injustice and to defend our planet and the environment, and- and we want to build on that, we want to build on that dream. That Jack had to connect the progresses of Quebec with those across Canada and build a better future together. So our priorities in this election have been really clear. We want to fight the climate crisis like we want to win it. We want to make sure we deliver better services, invest in health care, medical medication coverage for all dental care and the light is more affordable. We want to make sure that they're very rich, those at the very, very top pay their fair share. I wanted to make it clear. Go back that you know, despite maybe differences of appearances, I share the same values, I believe firmly and a woman's right to choose, I believe and they're, not just talking about the right to abortion, but in defending and expanding access to those services, I believe firmly and the rights or LGTBQ communities to love who they love to marry, who they want to marry I want to make sure that people can die in dignity and I want to continue to make sure that there's a clear separation between church and state, something that I believe and I'm, proud to say, I think. Oh records are seeing that I share their values. I think it's also clear that Quebecers are seeing that the Liberals don't share their values over the past four years and during this campaign has become really clear that there's a lot that the Liberals like to say in public there's a lot that mr. Shute olessa say in public, but in private behind closed doors. He meets with a powerful lobbyist and keys, are their demands and continues to subsidize. Oil and gas companies continues to give big exemptions to the biggest polluters and continues to choose the pharmaceutical lobbyists and the insurance lobbyists and their priorities over people need medication and better health care, and the block is also meeting clear that they're, not the choice for progressives with their candidates, that they some great candidates, but with the candidates recently and the revelations that we've learned about them and the really weak response by the leader and by those candidates. It shows that they're, not the progressive option for Quebecers and so I want to put it to go. Becker's like this. If you want someone who's, gonna fight the climate crisis, who's going to stand up for you, who's going to make sure we make like more affordable, zoun, invest in health care, invest in dental care and medication coverage for all and make sure that the people at the very very top the richest pay their fair share that progresses. The progressive option for Quebecers is us. The New Democrats, don't feel gonna sleep anymore, I'm, ready to take your questions. Thank you. So much. If I see those four South losing it man, okay, Beck, doesn't balance. You know, there's a vent for Sonny's. Yes, what about your bosses? People say you are sitting compy a this. Is you that wanna come on boss? If you can see the palm, they only Hulu evolve and combine Nacional and caffeine. They say a secret procedure. Osito people subject: procedure the connectivity Jean only Fiat able to combine escape a prognostic advances in Montreuil, okay, Papa boolie jump on it's a loop. You wish on a vertical generically. The exemption polygon para su converter see the delusion he manifested on a hook on a la foo-foo boombox, but they found on no get my mom who sesame the rich bill is just about a GPA. The second complete are not safe campaign. Cc lap advocacy to job makan de Medici fielder not happen in the second. You see a multi leisure continue. The duty prove Chile's on to say, but who a political act is romantic. Ozone is not a gazebo Valeria La Ceiba ratio, the Midlands in the later aqua SQL dollar campaign as Hamas, something this way the zero quality on a simple as the ladies in the little icy capricious completely sumo Gillette this you bump on the book who they go to the scrum, don't see cake, which is not mad. Masek akatsuki that one about uncle Marcus, they're, settin identity, shortly drop at separation fairly easily. That's interminable taunting, the Hong Kong. She said ten seek the supermarket cashews come about car. Can people a daughter about sensitive along those lines? You also mentioned in the speech leading up that may look different. How much of a challenge has it been and it continues to be for you in this province, given the fact that you are a turban well, I mean I grew up in places across this country, and I have faced. I've had amazing people that have been warm and generous and loving and I face people that have in some cases, believe me or attack me, because I look different and I didn't grow up equal back I mean Olivia touched on the fact that it's a reality for a lot of Canadians that, because of how they look, it could be their appearance. It can be the color of their skin. It could be where they live, where they come from, that people face a lot of challenges and I face some of them myself, but I hope people in Canada across this country could see. If he's someone who's experienced a little bit of what they feast they face and that's willing to fight hard to build a Canada where no one faces barriers because it were there. This is your last stop in the province and their final pitch Connecticut voters. How do you differentiate your type of progressive politics from the politics that Justin Trudeau is currently telling Canadians? The government they need is a progressive government to fight the Conservatives. What what is the differentiating factor that people will see that we are actually I just wanted to catch you and then I want to give you the deep one, no I'm, really what mr. Chu is done and I mean is so so so firmly. He said a lot of nice things. He said a lot of nice things in 2015, but there's a really clear pattern of behavior. It's not one time. It's multiple times wait Paul! This is something that would help people out and he does the opposite meets a commitment to do something to defend the environment that does the opposite. I just want to make those examples really clear. He said very clearly 2015 that he would end the subsidies for oil and gas. He promised that in 2015. Well, what happened for years he met with his government met with the oil gas. Lobby is 1500 times. I want to be clear. Meeting with lobbyists. Isn't the problem? It's when you listen to them over people when you break their promises to defend the environment after meeting with the lobna slots, the problem and that's what mr. Schue dot chiodo does he's, got a very different reality, what he says in public and what he does in private. He says: he's gonna, lower the cost of medication and he meets with the pharmaceutical and the lobbyists for the insurance companies and he breaks a commitment, a simple, no cost commitment that would have lowered the cost of medication. The only reason I can imagine he did. That was because he wanted to protect the profits of the pharmaceutical industry. That, to me, is wrong. He is not a progressive because he does not biker people he fights for the powerful in the wealthy. Yes, he gives them 14 dollars in tax breaks. When families are saying we can't find housing, he spends 19 percent less than the Conservatives on housing. So it's really clear. He says nice things, but he does the opposite. We have so many examples. He is not in it for people, he is not fighting for people what he is fighting for. His power, he wants a stay, Prime Minister, that's sure, but he's not actually gonna make it was life better. The difference is, we are fighting for people we're in it for people we want to make their lives better and every decision we make is gonna put people at the heart of it and make sure that we're deciding to do things that invest in them, not an enriching how full leather it is. How much Seabees up we see much like a saucy, C, Co Co. Even you, the villain, Dempsey Lulu and Dante pepper, hosted fail, J, Mesa, City, Club she's. My lady dependable, shows the the bond Ahad depelter hot me, Circle D is to keep faith, see deeper home. She opened the opposite: Elodie Jewish, GB annual edition Patrol Yi, soo Caliphate, the conceived me a company like this dog monty li TK. If I say Julie Cooper a medic among his to Calif, a telecon gue. The last day they come company pharmaceutic, the shakshuka dark zone. Don't do shows a payload, a la razón say it horribly, foolish collective vision, the money that led we reboot on Tatas million dollar Donna coast on Eternia automaton. Don't you wish at Kabakov eat come and share at the male divinity we survey was on shitty people in me, pull a junkie of as well as action, concrete pollutant, a schematic, the jockey dishonourable, the FST small-dollar scientist on t v--. No today, we okay, wish me know john a parsec larcenous pasa practical basis. When we started this campaign there was a lot to talk to built on one how it would affect you, because you wear the turban and carry the car pen. There was a gentleman who asked said suggested that it can cut off your turban. It would help. Do you find, though, now that people in Quebec are starting to see past with Herman I should say? I always saw that you'll come back and sometimes that small always captured. We we had. Events had bless these up in Montreal and the number of times people came up to me francophones and Anglophones. They said they loved this server and they liked the color I was wearing. I should wear that color more often, because I got a lot of compliments on it. I think it was a good pinkish show it I think where he won again. Actually, no but I receive a lot of love and and I'm really when I said that in the beginning of my speech in French I was I I'm thankful for the reception that I received the fact that Quebecers have listened. That's what I've had to say. I've always received an incredible experience every summer comfortable back. There is definitely a spirit of openness that doesn't get I, think it's ignored, sometimes because of the talk of Bill 21. There is a really strong spirit of openness and I've always received just a lot of love that I'm really inspired by that and I'm humbled by that, but I certainly believe things have changed throughout the campaign. I think as I be able to talk about my values, it's gone beyond just the appearances and people. You know what he actually does share our values and I'm. Proud of that, because pains should matter, and it does matter and I've seen the change Quebecers are saying you know what this is a guy. That sounds just like us. Talk like us aren't just not bad and and but more importantly, he's got the C values he believes in the rights of women. He believes in the rights at the LGTBQ. The right to die with dignity. Quebec is is a leader in that field at the top field, but people here in Quebec understand the importance of that right and and they're. Seeing in me something that understands and values and shares us, but we are saying things like you could potentially be wiped out in Quebec. Do you think it will translate into seats as well that people are seeing the Haast yes translate into the support that we're receiving on the ground is gonna, translate into support at the poles and I'm, confident that people will will see that we will fight for them? We care about them. We share the values of Quebecers I'm, going to make sure that they can. They can count on us to fight for them in the next parliament. No matter what the Parliament looks like I want folks to know that I will be there for them. Our team will be there for them and we're gonna make sure that they have us on their side. I like to say one see that difference. Okay, I said in French is good. No would be the top priority whether you became prime minister or, if you were part of coalition or part of minority, but first and one first priority. Quebecers, the environment is really clear for Quebecers. They care deeply apassionata, there's a really strong connection with the leakage on the regions. They have a deep connection with the environment and there's a reason why it's such an important issue being perfected, and so that's something that we're really product. We've got a strong offer for Quebec and it respects that how important that is to the people here in Quebec and we've had time to reflect on it. In 2011, the New Democrats really established a presence here, it's 2019 and, as Hannah mentioned, you could be wiped out. How did it get to this situation for your party here in Quebec in 2019, so I don't want to make it sound, like I accepted that frame. I think that that's not the case at all. We're not in any fear of that happening. Now. We've got an incredible team and a strong base and a base of support that shows that people really believe in us and and we're going to continue to fight hard there is. There is a lot that we've done in this campaign that was different than the previous campaign. That shows how important we take the issues of Quebec. We announced a plan specifically for Quebec, something that Jack did and and that we wanted to bring back, but had it been done in a little bit of time, so we wanted to bring that back, show Quebecers and not only we're gonna fight for you, but we've got a specific plan that responds to unique things that matter to people come back. Environmental evaluations or rights to control. Culture is culture, so importance of spending when it comes to go back, culture and music and hearts making sure that the federal money goes to allowing go back to peace need to direct and to allocate those funds the way they seem most appropriate given come back to me, identity really proud of that, and so we put forward a unique offer. We've got a lot of support. There's a base of support that exists is not disclosing the source contributions that it's made to third party groups that are attacking the Liberals. Do you think that they should have to disclose the the source of the money that they've received, yeah I, believe in a transparency? My values are that no more transparency helps and it's important, and particularly with third party there's concerns around where the party that's come from and the financing so I think it's a fair question, that's being asked, and and of course, journalist, like yourself doing the great work to get to the bottom of it. This morning, mr. Trudeau said that we could work out where Canada could wake up with the sheer government and called the Tory campaign. Dirty'. Sorry he called it a dirty campaign, I'm just wondering if you share that view well, I believe campaign should be respectful and we should be able to have this difference in the opinions and express those differences passionately, but in a respectful manner. So that's what I believe in I'm, not sure I haven't really made the evaluation between this election and others clearly to see if this is worse than others, but I think that's something we should all strive for. We can disagree, you know different opinions. We should all agree to do respectfully, but also to do it in a way that doesn't divide the population. Purposely, we can have different opinions and we can still seek to bring people together, but I also want to push back, do not vote out of here and don't let mr. Trudeau encourage you to vote out of here. Nothing like nothing good in life comes from making a decision out of here. If you want something bold, if you want to see someone fight for you, both we're both with your heart vote with hope, vote for what you believe in I believe that is how you should always vote, and that's how we make big things happen. A lot of people predicted that this would be a really very dirty campaign or very divisive. How have you found it? Yeah I have been relieved. I gotta be compared it thoroughly, I've kind of been in the campaigns it's hard to kind of step out and compared to other campaigns. There's been moments which I think have been have you troubling well, when, when it keeps light that mr. Shido done blackface a lot of lots of times that that was something very troubling I think that hurt a lot of people. So there's been moments that have been highly hurtful and hard to deal with for people, but there's been moments of loss of hope. There's been lots of excitement, as some people that have seen a real alternative, I think with New Democrats, have seen our leadership and really they've seen our campaign books on people, while others focus on you know. Mr. Trudeau seems to be focusing eyes: runny or Mr Shearer I've been focusing on people and I. Think that's what people are looking at as that's what campaign should be about? It should be about what people are going through and and how we can make their lives better and I. Think that's that's something I'm really proud of and I think that's something that campaign should she continue to do. There's a lot of talk today about exactly and voting his name a lot, especially when you're trying to appeal to Quebec voters and across the country. Does this mean, like you, don't feel that you're resonating enough as a leader that you're having to draw on Japanese name, no I, think it's I think it's always important to remember the roots and honor those roots and I. Think Jack did something really amazing and I'm, proud of that and I'm proud to be able to continue his legacy and I. Don't think that it's in any way I got won't. Take it personally I think it's important to acknowledge that he did some amazing things, though always he did some things better than he and I think. That's. That's good I think it's important a knowledge that he had a long time to build up an incredible movement in Quebec and I. Think that's beautiful and I want to build on that. Ladies know, you both get a mataji on all gays, see I'm sure, mostly that's who she put it near. The unfussy see all on evoke. Eddie touch the cookies on face, kill, IP, Jenelle, Jenelle, a scoop, our common successes. That's it folks. The attack on a collision evolved animal feed, a mantra by the fox ii illa-allah, a toaster HECO nila, alright Luka by the Jacqueline knew karate is I, have killer non-si on felt. Like a zombie little assist, you came back avec la casa to Canada satyr valve kind of on the defensive when it comes to appealing to the blessed builders, know we're fighting for those for those people and the votes will come I. Think that's up to people to choose. Some on I should fight to their vote, but I'm gonna fight for the people, and let them know that we're fighting for that I, don't know that they can count on us and I'm, confident that the progresses of Quebec will see in us. They're champions they'll, see in us the folks that they get what they're going through and that have real values and real solutions that will that will address what we might do so yeah we're fighting for the people. Always love me papa graces of all kinds of all the constituent attorney SEO possessor city for total need per second dollar polity Chbosky, who shakti co-responsibility, lore Candida. He wants ability to chef the young, Queen, Saba, Sheila, Vaden, Sultana Kentucky on d-day. This shows key. You know some box, a tab, Macy responsibilities be party to shaft the multi CC acceptable. No don't step on a view avec la vella CoAP. They pose an ad father cause. He keeps em on Pegasus he's such a fictitious Pokemon. Take the silver Burton Emmaus Oct, maybe say new name Democrats yon lack capacity that have I directly cook, assist the kasam Lily poker sister Canada avec, the police's UK back to hongseong. The third mm I still got for sure that cynical, oh all, that Japan scale Kamali's on IG city city of lubaantun, dodgy settles on the DC de Uno's. A schism James Coburn ami should be declared. Marcus develop, fell approach, the kill zone isn't available approach the burner gosh down, but that forms a little bit. We will attack citizens where we consume lady permit ulzzang in quebec. Does it all begins in level the horizontal pieces are so solemn? A promise fulfilled. Ok beep. What was that three months for the cisco? Not pissed, exactly lament shows forgiven, don't mature this one out of him attea the license boutique. Thus many company su Coco's see the assembly like prisons, the the cdc like you songster, the concept mignon can add yanking at the end, ensemble on purpose. Really cool cool, a medicament, he started chemistry lab jean who leaked a bit cocky because inanimate system, universal, okay, back missing a bun system public. I were consistently big on board: really cool Eddie diamond G, Hong Kong critical items, an apt in max P, killer situation; Quebec, we illa, llah science, medical mommy, pastor, the TV sigh Coutinho party, subchondral contact either some solid BCD BCD, don't su casa, Eddie diamond only paid ever fast or company. The telecommunication who had really cool this whistle, allow internet psychic ashore scale on a creditor on OC events on understand program, feed, eval on proposed program, Cuba Eddie Carter meet young Canadian, Canadian Valley, Service don't--I. He settle service cameras, kombucha combinations, entre, Saturn, a science geek, a federal to treat Edelman sukham proposal see professor like this climatic who failed again food a viral Alaska Canada, a la gente c'è block in Santi man amen in the reverse part. He in the back with measles I, just want to kind of come back to what I was asking you to see. If there's anything more specific, if you give it your twin and become Prime Minister or if you were in a coalition or minority, what would be the first thing like? Is there something specific I know you said climate, but is there something specific that you would say this would be the first thing I'd push about well, be: we've got a whole plan for Quebec and it's hard to find one like that plan. B, so did the valleys of Atomos have Quebec from seeking the people on the ground is the environment. So some of the key steps we take when it comes to the environment generally is to end fossil fuel subsidies and invest that into clean energy. That's one massive step. We would also specifically assure Quebec that there would be no pipelines impose on Kovac I, think those are as a specific commitment to Quebec and a general commitment, but helps up Quebec and Canada and the world to end possible subsidies. Those are two really concrete things that we would do that speak directly to a concern that I, hear and I think defending the language and the culture is something. That's really important to me personally: I feel that learning French has given me a richness in my life that is giving me a beautiful gift and I want to make sure that that that language is strong in Quebec and across Canada. So changes to the to the law, a law on official languages and to increase funding to help the new arrivals or new immigrants to count to Quebec with French courses are some of the specific things to protect and to make sure that there's a equal playing field when it comes to taxiing web Giants or always to protect the culture of Canada, also but specific right. Yes, you.