Foreign policy, and, like so many Canadians from coast to coast, I'm extremely disappointed that this debate will not take place. This was supposed to be your opportunity to hear Canada's major party leaders debate their respective foreign policies and Canada's place in the world, and I was very much looking forward to standing on a shared stage with Justin Trudeau, Jagjit Singh and Elizabeth May, challenging their policies and having my policies challenged in return and whatever our differences. I want to commend mr. Singh and ms May for being prepared to defend their foreign policy plans in public, so Canadians can make an informed decision. We should all be clear, there's only one reason where we are not having this important debate, because Justin Trudeau has something to hide four years ago. He eagerly participated in this exact same debate. Of course, back then Trudeau claimed to value openness and transparency. Those were the days and now we know that Justin Trudeau was not and is not as advertised. He has spent this campaign, avoiding accountability, hiding from debates and refusing to answer difficult questions. You Tsavo met no Kirsten to donate a path in a to zaraba said we can put on there. Declare it past said campaign at a beat a Toronto. Take on F. We led by arif is a dark upon the occasional deficit. Now I get part of the reason. His disastrous India trip made international headlines in turn Canada into a laughingstock around the globe, but Trudeau's failure on the world stage goes far beyond his personal behavior. It is about a record of failure in our international commitments. It's politicized, the Canadian, Armed Forces and betrayed veterans, surrendered Canadian jobs and one-sided trade deals and abandoned our allies in the fight against extremism and terrorism humiliated himself Acadians by inviting terrorists on foreign trips and sent Canadian tax dollars abroad to enrich some of the wealthiest and worst regimes world. Whether we are talking about Justin, Trudeau's, previous praise for China's basic dictatorship or his gushing praise for the repressive Castro regime in Cuba or his ten million dollar payout to Omar Khadr. It is clear that on foreign policy and human rights, like so much else, Justin Trudeau is not as advertised la Clare per se. La politique atone Jaya a later model a person staying. True, though the past said, we will put it on day that you deserve better because make no mistake. Foreign policy is important, particularly for Canadians, whose families come from places like Hong, Kong, China, India, Pakistan, Israel, the Middle East, Ukraine, Venezuela or Russia, or for Canadians, who want to evaluate Trudeau's failure to fight global climate change or for those worried about their jobs. After all, of Trudeau's concessions to Donald Trump on NAFTA, there is a better way and that's why, this morning, I'm going to share with you the points I intended to make during the monk debate and my four-point plan for Foreign Affairs and national security. First, we are going to reprioritize foreign aid so that it is focused on countries and greatest need, while using the savings to help Canadians like you get ahead. Second, we are going to reinvigorate our traditional allegiances with countries that share a Canadian values. Third, we're going to reprioritize human rights in our international affairs and embrace new legal tools through which we can hold hostile regimes accountable and fourth, will deep, politicize military procurement to prevent future partisan abuses, a mana on cattle planes, today's affair, eternal GLS security, national premium, Oh news along shangela, clearly delayed. It's not relaxed a so they pay key on o the ploobis. My it'll easily is economic reality for who's a day, Emir a but work, Iranian, Jews, iam, ma who's alone, home for say no tolerance. Traditional ever kept a key part Ashley valor Canadian was your mo news along Sanjay Lee priority Salado oddly person Donna's a very international I adopted in veloute Vedic porta Nellie regime, or still responsible, a Catriona news along D polities, a la provisional military for prevenir leafy to abu partisan. What start by talking about foreign aid Canadians are generous and we want to help those around us in need. The vast majority of Canada's foreign aid is well spent on humanitarian assistance to countries mired in structural poverty or facing a humanitarian crisis, but under Justin Trudeau, a significant chunk of Canadian foreign aid money does not fit that description. The Trudeau government today sends 2.2 billion dollars of so-called foreign aid to middle and upper income. Countries like Argentina Barbados, Brazil, China, Iran, Italy, Mexico and Turkey. We're still some of that money is shoveled to repressive regimes that are adversarial if not outright hostile to Canadian interests and values. Countries like Iran, North, Korea and Russia Trudeau has also spent 110 million on the United Nations Relief and Works Agency, which is openly anti-semitic and continues to support terrorist organizations like Hamas at a time when Canadians are working harder than ever and not getting ahead. Trudeau is using their hard-earned tax dollars to support anti-semitic organizations and prop up foreign dictatorships. It's time for Canada to put our money where our mouth is and only use foreign aid to support the Canadian values we hold dear. A new Conservative government will review Canada's overall foreign aid funding, with a target of reducing the overall envelope by approximately 25%, we'll cut 25% in foreign aid, currently going to corrupt regimes and middle and higher income countries. It will start by taking the money that Justin Trudeau is currently squandering overseas and spending it at home to provide much-needed and long overdue health to Canadian families, so they can get ahead. These are only delayed it from share the very same person leave some coop, a some sell, actually No FC at the Asian camp. You ad pay and Revenue. My elevate will spend that money here at home on things like our universal tax cut that will save every single Canadian taxpayer hundreds of dollars a year, our children's tax credits that will make your kids hockey registration and art classes more affordable. Our increase to the aged credit that will put more money back in the pockets of every senior our boost to the RESP. That will make it easier to save for your child's post-secondary education, our tax-free maternity benefits, so new parents have more money to spend those to spend on those expensive. First months of life, our green public transit tax credit that makes it more affordable to take the bus or the train to work and our green home renovation tax credit that will lower emissions and help Canadians pay for green upgrades to their homes. In short, our plan will take your hard-earned tax dollars away from dictators and relatively wealthy countries and put them back in your pockets so that you can get ahead. There is still an important place for foreign aid and in fact we will redirect 700 million dollars in aid to countries with grave humanitarian or refugee challenges such as much of sub-saharan Africa, which will receive even more aid than they do now. We will ensure a special focus on support for children in conflict zones. Under my plan will work with leading Canadian aid organizations, including volunteer focus groups who provide much-needed assistance to developing countries, and we will continue to consider proposals which support non development objectives such as minority rights and peaceful coexistence taking place in any country. This is the kind of global leadership the world needs more of one area where we look to build a new international consensus will be on protecting children in conflict zones. Second, will reinvigorate allegiances with countries and allies that share Canadian values will renew and strengthen ties with Canada's Democratic alliances such as NATO NORAD, the five eyes, while at the same time strengthening relations with like-minded countries like Japan and India will take a leadership role in building a strong Kansa alliance between Canada Australia, New Zealand and the UK. My government will also renew Canada's historic support for Ukraine and take steps to help Ukraine secure its borders and defend its people. This will include expanding on current missions to support Ukraine and providing Ukraine's military with the equipment they need to defend their borders. I'll also push for a Canadian leadership in a United Nations peacekeeping mission to secure those borders, Gao c-in-c states of the leadership Canadian and misión the maintained alleppey, the national Eenie, a feint, the protege la frontiere. At the same time, we'll pull Canadian funding from international organizations that run contrary to Canada's interests such as the Asian infrastructure bank, and use the savings to help pay for our plan to help you get ahead. No longer will Canadian tax dollars, subsidize the government of China's foreign policy. Third, we'll introduce new tools to support Human Rights around the world. Canada has Magnitsky human rights legislation that targets foreign officials who are complicit in human rights abuses, but Justin Trudeau has not used it where its most needed. We will, in particular we will target Iran which routinely abuses human rights as murder, Kane and citizens sponsors terrorism and has violated nuclear trees at the same time, we'll list Iran's, Islamic Revolutionary, Guard Corps as a terrorist entity under Canadian law, we'll also amend the investment Canada Act, so that the takeover of any Canadian company by any foreign state owned enterprise automatically triggers a national security review and will reopen the office of religious freedom Trudeau shut down in order to protect the rights of religious minorities all over the world. Fourth, we'll take steps to depoliticize military procurement. Canadians saw firsthand how partisan politics corrupts military procurement. During the mark, Normand affair, Justin Trudeau's attempt to destroy Vice, Admiral Norman, a competent, dedicated and accomplished military hero was a national disgrace. That is why my government will reintroduce the Cabinet Committee on defense procurement and create a procurement Secretariat within the Privy Council office to ensure that priority projects are progressing on time and on budget. The Canadian enroute come on the politic partisan, but Kampala prob is no military. Lord Allah, fair mark Normand that tentative distance below the date will be said. Merle Norman in error, military competent, Dave away accompli at their own national, say: procurement, government, valet tabria, the committee, the cabinet soul, a provision on the default. It creates a criteria. Ala, provisional of saying the concept leave a for a survey clip Roger priority. Some rail is a at all a salon, the Buju, just as importantly, we will refocus the House of Commons Committee on national defense on matters of military procurement to foster a multi, partisan consensus. We will not delay in selecting a new fighter jet to replace our aging cf-18s, while negotiating with Davie shipyards to provide a second supply, ship, icebreakers and federal ferries. These four pillars: prioritizing Canada's but prioritizing Canadians over foreign dictators in foreign aid, recommitting to our allies, putting human rights of the forefront of our global agenda and taking the partisan politics out of military procurement. Those pillars will form the foundation of our conservative plan to reclaim Canadian leadership on the world stage. Let me close by making this point because in the context of foreign policy, it is a very important one. Justin Trudeau ultimately has to answer to the Canadian people at the ballot box on October 21st. In so many other countries, people are unable to hold this graced and dishonest leaders accountable for their conduct, but in Canada we do- and it is up to all of us, to use that franchise and get out in vote. Canadians deserve a prime minister who will not break the law, who will not abuse his power to cover it up and will not embarrass them on the world stage. Instead, they deserve a prime minister who will do everything in their power to return Canada to a place of honor and leadership around the world while doing more to help hard-working families right here at home, get ahead. That is my promise. The Canadian people humbly ask for your support on October 21st. Thank you very much. Merci beaucoup. How to take aggressions do it morning. Mr., should you sit there by the end to the Canadian Press I noticed that, during that, during the speech you just gave me speak about abortion or maternal health for women and girls internationally, that's something that was important to the past to revenues of Canada. What a Conservative government led by you commit the funding of abortion services internationally. So the announcement that I've made today does not effect groups who are currently receiving funding. This is not about which types of groups will see fighting this about which types of countries will receive those findings, and so those types of those types of groups will not be affected by this announcement. We need a fair engagement. There pathway over your sediba Leno story that Woking impact. So the group key key key or swallow large on Canadian Donnie P comeback. Continue it up quick. So just because a couple of months ago the local government introduced about 700 million new dollars, I think it's about 1.4 billion by 2023, specific million specifically for reproductive health for women and girls. So a conservative government would not touch that funding. So exactly what what this is about is which countries are receiving the funding, not which types of programs or which types of groups. This is a measure to take foreign aid, funding away from countries that rike relatively high on the development index and prioritizing that to countries that need it more and bringing that funding back here at home to help Canadians get ahead. So this announcement today will not have an impact on groups that will continue to receive funding in countries that will continue to provide support for so that that is that is our community pas de tolosa. Do don't pollutant on international profit, @pb I know I, love, calico, unique and at the end, over the news on you. Batavia come on juju stiffly, okra, DS ng, the news ID say: coupe, analyst, yes, that'll be a consequence. The pardon was a view, not lots of philosophy seeker. They pay Kiki. Some clothes elevated, only done laziness to develop more Napa blows away. The memory delays. Also it's a sensual news of unfairness, crush wah on the radio radio DJ large on the Longfellow called laid. It conjure for very, very important prop with a Canadian news of all. Loser want to entendu Levesque life Emmy, the individual on pure, improve the difficulty. The joint relatable SS, a natural priority excited action. The Emir, a real accordion pull a Canadian Canadian and if you continue a big liability today, the feminists do burnout to do. Welcome GV, Saturn, also Geneva for Oakland impacts. Early group key Kiva continued a debate on a peak. He continued the reserve all large non-canadians to see in question the kelpie of a done in a large on they couldn't contribute another miss Russia to land and P, so I still looking at the middle. If a Sony population, okay, Lucy peeler team also feel the light Canadian. The talents of X I. Just recommend quickly, a Canadian prefer color around the country, grab the new vampire la regime or still liam key v, zilla large on the canadian, perhaps a little a goof ammonia beaucoup de around here, the dallas pastor, guru, maha brahma, our honor Cooper left late at conserving same person pour a spherical, a Kennedy for a mirrolure, so on butyeah, Suki, Lanakila, Zoo sorta know socially sublet CV the purity. The word palaces are Stephen Arkell set campaign set election, saying schwa until a liberal, a allopathy consider insurance, religious teens below a mom, an ace, a clerk more priority say a strictly Kennedy a profitless Donald posh. They might not have a coupe, a very sick person, the lamp a loophole: lady Tasha estuary Khalifa me lately, traveler poor, joining the lady beeper ever say it's a - wha say, say: GU. No, she stinks world wha. You Stevie a the example occurred a long way. Large non-canadian, like la Paix, come Italy, Brazil, a horn to see elephants, entre, je ferme our mantra. So this is a very clear choice: the selection between Justin Trudeau's record on foreign policy and on foreign aid and can Canadians now can see the choice that, between setting more of their hard-earned tax dollars to countries that ranked relatively high on the development index, countries like Italy, like Brazil, like Turkey and the hostile governments like Iran Justin Trudeau, has made his choice. I have made. My choice will redirect that money here at home to help Canadians get ahead. Janice McGregor from CBC News Canada is currently in a campaign for a seat on the United Nations Security Council. What impact do you see a substantial cut in the foreign assistance budget having on Canada's bid? Well Canada? Our allies around the world know our capabilities when it comes to pulling our weight on the world stage and the commitment that we've made in many conflicts over the past 150 plus years so I'm, confident that our allies will see that. But it's more important to me that I help Canadians get ahead than curry. Favor at the United Nations I am more interested in making sure that hard-working Kane and families get ahead, that they have more in their pockets that they're able to provide for their families, raise their children and achieve their goals. That is our priority. That is our focus. As you see blue intensity. I, don't callate TV for the Canadian Canadian same on priority Georgia Quokka News le a pre-comp Ron. That's the contribution panel at least lock control a day, - global minimum priority. A derailleur saw the Canadian by their gang. The the that we day necessary me I, want to make sure I understand the vision you're articulating here. Would you would have future conservative governments in Canada pursue more of a go-it-alone strategy like we've seen in the United States recently? Would this be a withdrawal from some of the multilateralism that has been part of Liberal foreign policy, pulling back from other things, perhaps like the World Trade Organization in our efforts to reform there? This is a specific, quite the contrary. What I've called for today is a more reinvigorated partnership with our traditional allies through NATO and through countries that share our same commitments to democracy, the rule of law and peace and security, stronger ties with countries like Japan and India. What this is is pulling money out of things like the Asian infrastructure bank, which does not further Canadians interests, which is controlled by the government of China to build roads and bridges and other projects in other countries. So this is about reinvigorating our relationship, strengthening our relationship on a multilateral level with our traditional allies and countries that share our same values and ensuring that Canadian taxpayers dollars are not going to countries would that have a relatively high income or a relatively high Development Index. So this is about reprioritizing that money here at home to help Canadians get ahead and also focusing part of that foreign aid budget to countries that need it. The most well as I said I, don't see any reason why Canadian tax dollars are going to the Asian infrastructure thing. That is a choice. If Justin Trudeau thinks that Canadians are happy with their tax dollars going to build roads and bridges and other countries, he can certainly make that case. This is a choice for Canadians to make. We've made it very clear where we're going with foreign aid money and with foreign policy stronger relationships with our traditional allies and countries that share our values and foreign aid money going to the countries that meet at the most, with a significant portion of the existing budget being repatriated, coming back home to help Canadians to get ahead to put more money in the pockets of Canadians, so that their quality of life can increase. Hi Mr, Shearer, Janice, Dixon, The, Globe and Mail I'm wondering if you can tell us what your what you're hoping to achieve at tomorrow night's debate and specifically what your message would be for would be block boaters, well, I'm, hoping to to show Canadians that Justin Trudeau does not deserve to be re-elected and I'm. Just looking forward to the fact that he's actually showing up. So that's a big step for him and and I am confident that Canadians will see that he is unable to defend his four years of high taxes, massive deficits and scandal and corruption. My message to all Quebecers to all Quebecers is that a Conservative government respects the rights of provinces, we believe in respecting provincial jurisdiction and that we and that we are committed to addressing some specific challenges and specific issues in Quebec like a single income tax return, so I don't have a one message for one group of people: I have the same message for all Quebecers and indeed all Canadians. We jata finalement that one opportunity that weren't a bad back to Justin, Trudeau lamont gala premiere day, the monarchy and Maritime Museum Amanda a secret in a prepared, I found or some proper belong, have a click on Deficit ex-con de ella corruption. A mall message for today, québécois came across a system: Mana Party conservator, Keep Calm, proceeding to develop a tea liberal Sinatra party, he respected a Shinto competence, say natural party give a tassel is on a specific okay. Beckham is so affordable, unique, okay, and you said for a couple of years that you've completed your university degree in Regina, but there are records that show that you've completed it in Ottawa University after you became an MP. So can you just clarify exactly sure, with your education, sure I've always been very clear: I took courses at the University of Regina. My degree is granted from the University of Ottawa, where I took the the bulk of my my classes. The overwhelming majority of my classes were from all of you, I. Think mr. schlimmer chef GCP see you talk about deep politicizing the system. Yet in the policy it also talks about negotiated contract with Navy shipyards to build a supply ship I. Just wonder what sort of message that sends when, of course, davia is located in a conservative riding in Quebec in terms of when you were talking about D politicizing processes. Well, it's actually undoing the politicization that the Liberals created when they pulled that original contract. Davi shipyards had an innovative model that delivered a supply, ship, on-time and on-budget actually under but under time, and that was precisely what Justin Trudeau interfered with with the mark Normand case. So it's actually undoing the damage that Justin Trudeau has right, but, as I said that that contract would have gone through, had Justin Trudeau not have interfered and not canceled that so it was actually it's actually deep, politicizing it by going back to the original plan, where Hainan taxpayers got more bang for their buck and the military got the equipment that they needed. So it's a key part of deep politicizing, its undoing the politicization of the Trudeau liberals. We are Sinclair DCC under state law. It is easily politic pursue Labour's windin of no force army at all on the ecology, cetera Sarika come DVF avec le premier premier contract alone for a pulley conservative, antonio Ambuja lucas mayer, a new start in time. Mr Shearer you've been pretty consistent throughout the campaign when questions about the same-sex marriage policy of kebab gonna be very consistent. We're not gonna reopen the debate that was 2005 is 2019. I get all that I. Just want to clarify one thing, not how you would govern, but just who you are what you believe in your heart. Basically, do you feel that same-sex marriage is just as morally equivalent as traditional marriage, as I said I have at the time of this debate was before Canadians, like many many members of parliament that who voted on different sizes of this issue. There are liberals and NDP. Even voting on different sides of this issue. Society has moved on, I have moved on, I will always defend the rights of LGBTQ, Canadians, I, respect them. I believe that government must be a champion for their rights and I will continue to be like I understand it. Mr. chairman, this is that's not what I'm asking this is a straightforward yes-or-no about who you are not interesting perspective, Prime Minister, just Andres you're, the person. Do you feel yes or no, that same-sex marriages is morally equivalent. This traditional I believe in the Equality rights of all Canadians I, believe in the Equality rights of LGBTQ Canadians I believe that the law must be there to protect them and give them the same access. In the same types of supports in the same institutions and I will continue, I will continue to get to govern that way. I have been I was proud to participate in the historic apology to America to LGBTQ Canadians, who were persecuted in the public service because of their sexual orientation. I have called on the government to do more to help my people being persecuted because of their sexual orientation. Other countries I'll continue to be a champion for LGBT for kitty's a clemency continues. Did you clarify what you said a few moments ago about maternal health and abortion rights as related to foreign aid funding? You said you wouldn't touch. The agreements were in place already. What about moving forward will? Will abortion rights factor into any foreign aid decisions that Canada makes? Oh so I as I said, I'm very clear on this. We are not reopening this Abeyta at any level. What this is about is which types of countries will receive financial assistance, and so groups that are that occur that are receiving funding will continue to receive funding going in future. This decision does not affect groups or programs going forward. Well, one of your candidates in Quebec said that he would like to have seen you participate in the climate marches last Friday when you see the footage from those marches, the hundreds of thousands of people all across the country. Do you think maybe you've miscalculated this issue that that you are out of step with Canadians on this, not at all and again, I find it completely ironic almost funny, but certainly hypocritical, that Justin Trudeau was protesting his own record and he doesn't seem to be aware of of his actions on that and the message that that was singling at that I was very proud to make it announcement talking about improving the quality of life of Canadians and investing in public transit and our plan for the environment. It gives Canada the best plan to the the the best opportunity to achieve our Paris targets. So, while Justin Trudeau can make you know symbolic, acts he's always been terrible on actually following through with results. That's what our focus is on right. Well, look. We! We have sent a message to every Canadian who is concerned about the environment, that we have a real plan that we're taking this seriously, that we're gonna get rid of the carbon tax because it raises the cost of everything without doing anything for the environment and replace it with a real plan that takes the climate change, fight, global and, as I said, I've seen lots of footage and lots of pictures from that from the from those demonstrations. A lot of signs saying actions, not words. That's precisely what our party is focused on real results to help tackle global climate change by lowering global emissions by Charlie Mitchell times at London. And do you have any regrets about publicly supporting brexit, given the upheaval that is caused so, as I've said in the past, I've always believed in the rights of people in rights of countries and the people in those countries to to chart their own course and to have sovereignty. I've always felt that that that is a fundamental principle and I'm focused on foreign policy issues. Here today, like Canada's development aid, which countries that receive funding from hard-working paying tax payers. Just as a follow-up, have you been approached by any British officials about the prospects of a trade deal and if so, what was the progress of those discussions? Well, I was very proud to have visited the United Kingdom last year, where I specifically met with British members of parliament, including then Minister of Trade, Boris, Johnson and now Prime Minister, to talk precisely about ensuring that Canada's trade access with the United Kingdom could proceed no matter the eventualities of of negotiations with the European Union I'm just quickly one one follower. Are you willing to roll over the C ETA to the UK exit? Well, look I! Think there's a lot of. There are a lot of hypotheticals in that question. Obviously our party always supports free trade. We believe in in free and open trade with with with our partners who have you know a similar rule of law. I mean we were thinking about the United, Kingdom same parliamentary traditions, same rule of law, same commitment to to global values and obviously the ensuring that that we maintain at the very least what we have now is it's very important for our government, but obviously that will be subject to to negotiations and to see what the eventual outcome is. David, akin Global, News Des Moines this year, just coming back to the answer on the United Nations Security Council seat, I'm, going to read between the lines that you've pretty much given up on that, but feel free to correct the record and the answer to this question, which is this Canada's placed through a small middle power overseas development assistance is one of the biggest ways that we can be influential in the world. Pulling it back will make us less influential seeking to just hang out with our own Club and NORAD mate or whatever, however important that is, makes us less influential, and so, when China kidnaps, three of our citizens and we need help, we won't have friends because your policy will make us smaller in the world. Quite the contrary. Okay, first of all on the UN Security seat, as I said, I believe our allies around the world have seen the contribution and the commitment that Canada has made in so many of the evils that we face. Since our country was founded side by side, our allies fighting terrorism side by side fighting in two world wars, including conflicts in Korea, so I think our allies know what we're capable of, and but when it comes to obtaining that seat by using Canadian taxpayers dollars to be sent to countries that rank relatively high middle and high-income countries that that is different. That is a disagreement. That is a choice that I would not make. I would take that money. Bring it back here at home to help Canadians get ahead. I actually believe that by strengthening our they ship with traditional partners like NATO and Nora, we would have more influence on the world and it was precisely Justin Trudeau's decision at the beginning of his mandate to shift our traditional our focus away from our traditional allies. That I believe, is precisely why we're in the situation. We're in I will note that, under his foreign policy, the government of China has taken this action by holding Canadian citizens. While we were still making these types of funding programs in these types of countries, Justin Trudeau has done precisely nothing to show the governments of China that we will stand up for ourselves. I've called on him to appoint an ambassador much earlier than he did. It took him nine months to do so to challenge a China's decision on our exports to the World Trade Organization. He only did that in the dying days of his government before the election, I've called for increased inspections on goods coming from China, which would not just send a message to the government of China but would also allow us to crack down on things like fentanyl coming into our cities. So his foreign policy has been an out complete failure. I will I will make sure that a Conservative government stands up for Canada's interest and Canadians around the world, see sebacean defamation case yonder come on la compañía de Toledo. I first saw oil dip on sailor, John Deacon to the rabble. Don't they pay committee le Mexico, Raziel, -, OH, -, wha, Jerry, Kwok and knows le confronted list other natural military? This ordinate repay me Geneva, pass deep on sailor. John take on table pour in Ch. It comes out a famous war Java chip, a copy thanks tank persone latest Roger for a spherical, a Canadian for a mere eight there, callate DB I'm. Just you referenced the Omar Khadr settlement in your remarks and you know I think a lot of communities would say we could quibble about the amount Carter got paid, but he was gonna, get a check because of the sins of prime ministers, Harper and correction failing to repatriate him. So Carter could face Canadian justice. So if you're Prime Minister to avoid having to pay money up to wrong terrorists, will you commit today too beep a trading any Canadian caught on the battlefields in Syrian Iraq fighting for Isis bring them home, so they can face justice here in Canada. Will you do that when you become Prime Minister? First of all, I need to correct something in in your premise: I, don't believe that we should just abandon the idea that that Omar Khadr deserves that money. I, don't think we should just accept that that he was entitled to that money or he was going to get it anyway. Court rulings indicated that the compensation that Omar Khadr was entitled to was repatriation, but that was his compensation getting to come back to Canada. After what he did was the compensation for what happened to him, and that would be as far as I would be prepared to compensate him without without a further decision. Justin Trudeau abandoned that court case. He refused to fight for the principle that Omar Khadr did not deserve a single dollar of taxpayers money. He rolled over on that now. I contrast that to his continual fighting our veterans in court, so the hypocrisy of Justin Trudeau, saying it's not worth fighting the principle for giving it it's not worth fighting for the principles and we're gonna cut Omar Khadr a check to avoid a court case, and then turning around and spending millions of dollars on lawyers fighting veterans. That is a choice he has made. That is not the choice I would make. Now when it comes to terrorists and people have fought for Isis and horrible organizations around the world that commit grievous horrendous crimes, I would not lift a finger to help bring them back to Canada makes my regimen merci beaucoup.