Thank you very much for being here this morning to double Jim enhance elevate. That's what kinda dad don't talk enough so be there. So Peter party is a mayor equip they can adapt a Canada Quebec Sophie a Monica came across of excessively the let's say prejudge: no, don't like persnickety playing see a mere a religion, car sister, La Mancha, either spot teletext. Some debate in October I keep a to campeones, pour a beer, a butler put it in itself in the best effect that it was assumed of that state law passed on on the propel with their confidence, video to a question for Model T. What the Saturday sir, led on politic said idea linking the city said: is some charging deviates of not mahjong? It's a protege of the system. Registers on the ball faster onset ownership can prove. Innocence were from here on earth saw genetic evolution, okay, okay, three minutes with a plate on representativeness, intelligent, a compound, the dip imperative, the weekends of the fatty, liver, avocado compatibility, ultimate cat, deliver, hope, federal use of a liberal standard, I. Commanded you to do stranded political astronomy, Canada, or should we call a premier for that at least one loser? Own communities get into a capacitive our theory that war, so they completed their parent may differ. The premier for elevated, accusing there were passive accounts to elevate the person. People are being applied, a sovereign state chakra. So this is an infraction a music. This here Chiquita new processors in developing the disease. So there's young defect to go any responsibility, states below a monkey, every single step of the way, each new piece of information contradicted but yet said just reorganize and irresponsible. Justin Trudeau fly Canadians. On the very first day the story came to light. He said the story was not true that wasn't like he said he never pressured. Joey will scramble. That was why he said she never came forward to him with her concerns. That was also it took enormous epithet. They leave a hole which is a little imaginary, big, but I'll bet she'll, confess - yeah, remove all metal thing, except episode on Nationale shuts off into the world of interest on their fourth Epis, a newborn cocoon of all consummate air, apparently mezu, who descended first. A new Conservative government will launch a judicial inquiry into Justin Trudeau's corruption scandal at every turn. Judo has stopped the truth from coming out and preventing Canadians from getting the answers. They deserved. He's shut down three parliamentary investigations into the scandal. He refused to cooperate with the ethics commissioners investigation and he's currently stonewalling the RCMP. It's a cover-up on a historical scale. The only way to get to the bottom of the scanner and get the answers may be in scissor is to hold additional fire. The only way to do that is to defeat Justin Trudeau 21st and a little a new conservative at Alton shows whose analog save iran-contra this year, soonest found out the corruption. Aesthetic stay, - no see - X is actually a compliment. Emily is never open. It was young Cecilia appreciate the please Azam name of the Sheila column out there. The trigger in the interval gave the Henry a port on the Saturday, come down a scandal, a comedy you don't know where the criminal who serve our city surpassing of the democracy difference he that officially wanted to say mr. Kashi they're here the confidentiality to consider Minister for Asia. They are declaring the certain adjustable other police that confidentiality. The discussion. You can see. The visa ad system permit Romanist dispute a casting director in an email, / -, a gentleman where prefer quality Sergey. The data who use the console a minister in the democracy sit around what provision premier, minister and minister accepts the responsibility, the delicate human population of the sleeper in a pair with a person mal in transient people a shot, a a logistics Marcia still constantly SPD. The essence elaborate effects entourage is upon us, a clear home of the Sedalia, a Tampere, the caching everything again a second. We will pass the no more cover ups that to prevent corrupt politicians like Justin, true from hiding behind cabinet confidential, to escape the police investigation. Cabinet confidentiality exists to protect sensitive matters of policy in order to create a good policy. It doesn't exist to protect corrupt leaders. That is why and the most serious criminal cases, we will allow the RCMP to ask the Supreme Court of Canada to rule on the disclosure of evidence. No longer will occur, Prime Minister be able to be the gatekeeper of his own price. The measures I've announced today, another general announced later the campaign will safeguard our democracy against the whims of sleazy and unscrupulous politicians, but our best protection against the abuse of power remains the Democratic vigilance of citizens. Justin Trudeau has so far managed to appoint the legal consequences for his actions. But now this case is before the people and with your help, the verdict will arrive. Twenty years. Mr. Trudeau dollar cycle skills valley circumstance criminal news around premature at a GRC, the Saturday and a crucible for what accent or discussion the consent, a means. The surface on a policy era say mature, adult Lisa and occipital on contributing an operator, repetition, Iskander, Vince conduct earmark way states with all sorts of gradual and unfashionable minister, the first envelope medical male protection Consulate's a little part. That's not vision of democratic discipline except a sacred or RFC activity that consequence lega, the sources in America, speeding away the dilemma exceed CDL extra, a fire with a company page 43 decision. This will become Omega, D, lambda, B, Mehmedi cocaine. So, as I've always said on this issue, the most important part remember is that it is not up to politicians to interfere. The decisions have been dependent because of those decisions must be left, independent prosecutors and for evidence. The president of SEC level himself admitted that the Denver product jobs issue he never threatened to move the headquarters. Those realize that just only Mr, Shearer JP Tasker CBC News many Quebecers say they accept us into his explanation that he was just trying to protect job. What do you say to those people who believe this bull up? There is much new ability any time a politician interferes in an independent court case. That is a very serious issue. We do a lot to live in the kind of country where powerful politicians can use the power of their office to reward their friends the punishment revenues. The reason why people come to Canada when all around the world is often to escape as very kinds of countries, and so it is essential that the government in place protects that independence under Jeff's and Trudeau that has been undermined, a Conservative government. We say s on, sell that one systemically self aimed in Toronto they shall get. It is ultimately they what it is that we saw it is in their position or a queasy, a city essence, you know. Presently it is mesosystem she's. Yet soo-ji stem students at the path may be affected customers. Your assessment, do you think Justin Trudeau has committed that's up to the air CP to decide. Ultimately, they should be able to do their work. What we do know is that Justin Trudeau continues to block key witnesses from sharing their information. Fears with this measure that I'm putting in place that I will put in place, uh Spencer. That type of thing will not be possible in future. Justin Trudeau should not be the person who decides whether or not Justin Trudeau is the best. You I think that's a pretty basic common sense position that most Canadians accept good morning is to share Joy's papers fools during an election campaign. Is this about justice or is it a political fight? This is about the truth. Coming Jessica's boarded several attempts for parliamentary investigations into the scandal he has refused to make cabinet conferences is refused to let Jimmy Vasser able complete her testimony. So this helps the tape will ensure that Canadians will have the answers to the scandal. I think it's very important that we shine a light on Dustin's, Rose corruption. We get to a lot of exactly what how you participate tomorrow in any public climate event you personally I will be, but will you personally be participating? I will be setting my support to them and I'll be make other events on the campaign making that accessible to the public, but our party will be supporting these types of demonstrations, of a real desire for action and I, really sympathize with Justin Trudeau's failure on the environment files, so we will have representation, there will be delayed. So that's an elephant just happen cooperate to me. There is also a large happening in Vancouver Christy Kirkpatrick local mail. Aptn has reported that 48 indigenous children died in the foster care system directly related to indigenous agencies. Specifically, what is your plan to address the deaths of indigenous children in foster care and address finding in athletes? Well, we'll have more to say specifically on those types of issues so campaign, but I will say that I believe it is incredibly important for the Government of Canada to work with indigenous leaders to ensure that children in care is very highest levels of care. Possible funding. Is there behind it to ensure levels of care address the needs great facility to ensure the regime around these types of situations are vestiges of choice. First, and you were part of a government that spent over a decade fighting the Assembly of First Nations and the person right start. You know what would you say to those who might say you might not have the moral authority to speak on this well I as leader this party I have an opportunity to to turn our course on. This exhibition either should not be taken very very seriously. It was should be over to teach you the rationale to a categorical recognize that they are calling this the cover today, Pamela Courson cetera escalate. This is about mr. to do yesterday. I woke idea, clean, so say a lot of concern on the bottom of the inspector, massively Ottoman people in breeding reserve on Selma, there's no snow. If organism I get hungry awfully selfish about the Super Market Analysis organism sigh, a technique which is about able to be successful, especially not like Percy happy on this less business with Justin went freelance mister. Here the other day you could serve express her discomfort at Winston's. Trying to keep around fighting me over. You suggested that you're not comfortable with safe injection sites. You suggest, if you're served an uncomfortability consolidation first of all now and that whatever think the therapy is not something you'd be willing to sort of put forward with these are the strategies that Supreme Court has recognized, are effective. That researchers say are saving lives. Why are white way? Not only the research, the science there? Why are you uncomfortable with these strategies? What would have actually said is I believe that decriminalization of drugs is a terrible idea and one that people will not reporter. I've also said that communities that are impacted by these supervised injection sites should have their voices American. Sir I've also said that I believe it's it's much more beneficial to people who suffer from addictions to have a robust recovery. Those are the things I've said, of course, that, with the strategy of the previous concern recovering focus on addictions, but everyone working in space said that isn't enough: there needs to be a strategy in place to fight the contamination of drugs. Often now fentanyl is debating cause of death. More than 10,000 people are dead again. Why are you singing that the research and those were familiar with this should not be constant here? Well, this is what I just said. I said that communities address I've said that focus of government should be coming off and equalization of drugs is about it yeah. Those are the things I've actually said. The cervical national studies show that vast majority of Canadians centimeter money on e-bay to carbon tax and economists agree. The term affects the best policy tools, the lower emissions while protecting the economy. I want to ask you why misleading comedians, but economists are saying that the best thing to do is carbon tax and misleading them by stating carbon tax a lot of applause comedians, one, of course, there's the Congress carbon tax. What we do know is that just secures carbon tax anomaly has fallen, brother targets and the cost of living is getting higher and higher, and we do know that the carbon tax will be even higher with these made electrodes and policies at these amounts about any details of oxidase will lead to massive increases in the cost of living and the cost of fuel and possibly competing and the constellations. We know that we also know that overwhelming majority of Canadians are going to be worse off. With this carbon tax people have to drive before businesses, kids out of school, small businesses who have to pass that cost on to customers. We know what there perfect accent that so-called ebay cover expenses more vascular business. Today, all the showman and records are highly in favor with us into the different funding that jobs for SNC Laughlin by announcing this today are not costing yourself boats and Obama's just so desperately need them. Not at all. I know that Quebecers are tired of the news. Does the excuse me messenger? Those the scab losers are same thing, wrangle sponsorships, you know, backers have seen, practices are able to at the line unchecked and when we talk to people throw back, they are just as concerned about the undermining of our justice system as any other Canadian. There is no Canadian leader. There are no pagans who believe that the Prime Minister can - be able to pick up a phone and overturn the decision of an independent prosecutor in a court case, and that is what happened carefully. We just ensure attempted to use the power of his office to overturn the decision, the pendant prosecutor. It was only thanks to a whistleblower who is that subsequently fired by Justin, true that any of these details, like Geordie, will see they had by taking the brave stand that she then we might never have known. That's why the announcement I'm making today, both in terms of the Avery and they don't work, was an extra. Can you speak up a little bit if you want the next government and festival or cover-ups time, the or simply will be free to investigate if they find the evidence? Clarity's mainly, you know, rich lawyers turn trees in the paper. Don't necessarily bring these very satisfying results if you pass that well, obviously, they're artistic reasons, things sometimes leads rcpd charges and sometimes anything else much like during. If you should agree that otherwise might not have come to light, so we believe both they're needed in this case on the topic of brexit, we've asked a few times about this issue and last time you answered that you support the light of the British people to choose and I think we all agree that Britain should be a democracy. Remember in the past, we did not support the light of Liberty to choose new supported brexit. You supported Britain, leaving the European view, so I'm gonna, actually specifically about the best dude still today support Britain leaving tonight. What I said last time, I guess was that I always support the rights of Nations to chart their own destinies when it relates to many matters of public policy for British, lawmakers and I said I've always supported the rights of Nations to be able to chart their own course and how about over their own systems. That's now hello, Mr, Shearer Matthew as raley-ross millennial. Over the past few days, Liberal Party staff related to Trudeau's campaign have prevented and Rouladen conservative journalist for attending campaign event going to forests and police for harassing this practice is not so different than what Harper's government is alleged to have done intervention. Will you promise that, if elected you will not bar journalists or covering campaigns? I have a transparent campaign. Accreditation process. The question here today so I can absolutely she shoots an imino man, I'm good. We done yes, it's literally a corn ethanol may I. They are in authority, as an American record requests. Extend my sympathy that you could agree that so much they became a superheated. We need super super date and that faint cheerfully from anymore. Okay, like what is seen here, -, Kenya or yet Oh, Wayne or economy, the audacity give it whatever sap CPUC connect to the connect, the packaging, Sun energy properties of the product Selassie. It's just young gang young that we possibly tomorrow with bun bars, open, see, I'm, Castillo, Berlin finished in any energy emission can get what chief mo Marshall our dish was. Leave the energy cannon game for you, energy Connecticut see absolutely more fair, expel the demon thanks for that. It's just becoming begin to climb across those up secure because they don't understand again no sample. Is that possibility there, because the shows can see the appeal a conditional, keep human watchin. It was received a meal he day at walk-in, fantastic, the petrol American. They say one of all, songs that law see appreciate communists from the shisui, a personage with clearing system hospital at least and present a big no-no, particular question with a character we see I'm sitting there, but the more cell to sits upon to be an energy corridor, energy, dick and then it's done that click that Saturday a lot compared to the San Joaquin situation. Daniel now I can access me the vision. Their relative is a superficial. Yes, with everything unfolding in Washington London. Are you worried the Canadians attention to be not at all I believe the Canadians are engaged in this campaign? I am seeing people all across this country, stop Nia and restaurants and hotels and places small businesses that are visiting they're. Asking me questions about policies, they're challenging. We on our on our policies. Ask me questions about the other party's policy, so I believe that Canadians are very engaged and will continue to become more engaged as he like, and what a Conservative government maintain Canada's chief science advisor and precise advisors in various federal departments. Yes,.