Today, my organization, along with five others, are her to ask for immediate action on vaping products, I'm joined by colleagues from the Canadian Medical Association Quebec Coalition for tobacco control, physicians for a smoke-free Canada, Canadian, Lung, Association and Canadian Cancer Society. To start dr. sandy Buckman, president of the Canadian Medical Association, we'll highlight our call to action good morning. Everyone, my name is dr. sandy Buckman and I. Am president of the Canadian Medical Association, we're one of the organizations here today to call for a stop on the marketing of vaping products at the CMA, we've been working for decades toward the goal of a smoke-free Canada. What Canada has led the way when it comes to regulating the marketing and packaging of tobacco? The same needs to be done for vaping, especially when we know the use is on the rise among teenagers and the long-term health effects are still not known with flavours like mango and vanilla and flashy displays on convenience store counters. Vaping products are appealing to many teens they're, seeing these products they're curious about them and they think they're. It's nothing but a harmless habit that they're not as bad as traditional cigarettes, but we know that many cigarettes you solve some flavors to deliver higher concentrations of nicotine than you find in traditional cigarettes because they mask the bitter taste. It's also not currently clear on vaping packages, what substances or ingredients these products contain or what chemicals users may be consuming, there's also strong evidence from Canadian and US research that vaping leads to cigarette smoking, especially among teenagers. In short, youth vaping has become a public health crisis and we need action now. Health needs to be a priority in this election. I echo the call of all our partner organizations in urging all federal political parties to commit to an urgent in term order on vaping market. Let's not reinvent the wheel. We've learned many lessons from tobacco control. Wasting time on this can only increase the risks of Canadians Thank You Paula control step. There see dr. Bergman in epidemiology data. Business allegiances are keyed anomalies. A las siete son Azad heard le cose boku mo is a triumph. Illusion system ala proceed array, a quick and easy for, as well as a potential ijen. Unfortunately, the tobacco and vaping products Act, which legalized the sale and promotion of vaping products with nicotine in Canada in May 2000 in 18, treats tobacco products very differently from vaping products, whereas tobacco advertising is only allowed in adult only venues and through publications sent to named person, advertising for vaping products can be placed anywhere and can be broadcasted widely. This promotion of vaping products has also exposed our youngsters to the buffet of fun fruity flavors found in illiquid. Undoubtedly, these factors have contributed to trivializing the inherent risks associated with the use of nicotine and vaping products, djenka certain province only mazurkas on previous TV Akiyama back when bill s5 was being studied. The very bill that legalized these products, we were told that Health Canada would respond promptly through regulations if need if the need arose. We've been in a crisis since the previous school year began. September 2018, when high school principals across the country began to complain about the spike in use vaping one year and three consultations. Later no such regulations have been implemented. Iraq University Zetas America come on Saturday LaVon deposited potage, a home at Z, no proper chef de Partie politics, sound Valois on jg done, dissection, kin, symposium, idiot I, don't hear the concrete native example, the section immediate I'm Cynthia colored and the executive director of physicians for smoke-free Canada and a veteran of the tobacco struggles. When big tobacco big nicotine enter the vaping market. Last year it felt like open season had been declared on Canadian kids. Vaping products were suddenly sold everywhere beforehand. They were only sold in specialty boutiques, but now they're sold in every convenience store. Vaping devices were reinvented before they were bulky, awkward, cumbersome tank systems. Now small sleek models with disposable, iPods, so easy to use so easy to hide from parents and teachers. 15 devices became cheap before they were the price of a pair of sneakers or concert ticket. Now it's about the same cost as a pizza or sometimes even free e cigarettes became stronger. Last summer. The maximum amount of nicotine and an iPod was about 18 milligrams per milliliter. Now it's almost three times as high approaching 60 milligrams per milliliter, the nicotine was reformulated starting last august. Products were sold where the molecular structure of the nicotine had been tinkered with by adding salts the result was a faster, more powerful drug experience. The addiction was candy coated. Nicotine was sold with kid-friendly healthy sounding flavors peach, swirl red kick Crisp apple, fresh berries, no promotional expense has been spared. Television and radio ads large signs behind cash registers, decals on gas pumps, special offers, free giveaways, Instagram and web feeds, festivals, influencers and brand activators. In short, tobacco companies are hooking to these kids on vaping products with the same tools they used to hook their parents and grandparents to cigarettes. Make them trendy make them ubiquitous, make them affordable. Make them addictive. Make it easy to start. The interim order that we are proposing would protect Canadian kids from these Park marketing tactics. It would protect them now when they need it not next year, and it will be too late for something well good morning. My name is Terry Dean of the kadai. The president and CEO of the Canadian Lung Association organization is very concerned about the alarming trends associated with vaping use amongst youth and the emerging evidence recently about the impacts on lung health. Well, we still have much to learn about the long term health effects. There's enough current evidence today to say that this is not a safe product. It is a product that we need to ensure is properly restricted. Most facing products contain nicotine, which is highly, is a highly addictive drug. Thick attunes nicotine use may lead to a lifelong struggle with dependence and may act as a gateway to smoking. Traditional cigarettes for young people, the health impacts of smoking have long been documented and remain the leading cause of death and disability in Canada. We cannot risk reversing the progress that ISM made on tobacco control by addicting a new generation. Likewise, the aerosol and paper products is not harmless. Some of the chemicals and vaping products can shown to cause cardiovascular disease, lung injury, COPD and certainly an exacerbation of people who suffer from asthma in the United States. Several cases of pulmonary illness and death have been reported. As a result of vaping I'm sure you heard the news from London yesterday, we do not need to wait for a death in Canada to war dachshund, to protect the lungs of Canadians and ensure everyone can breathe with ease the time to act is now. Thank you now see. My name is Rob Cunningham I'm, a lawyer and senior policy analyst with the Canadian Cancer Society. There needs to be an immediate interim order. Under the Department of Health Act to reduce youth baby, there should be restrictions on e-cigarettes and similar to existing restrictions on tobacco advertising. There should be a ban on all additives and flavors unless specifically authorized, and there should be a maximum nicotine level, as we've already seen, the European Union. In short, there needs to be an immediate interim order to reduce youth vaping with measures on advertising. Flavors and nicotine levels say mrs. Salwa deals on provide real live appetizer meal. Is that less some evict a holistic sense or the pbca FFL, the last I got a chronic come over. All the Taba innate eviction is anger idea. They said a soft kid specific mo or easy and total nicotine maximum come on Vlad on the know. Her pain so necessarily evolved in a radius Paul. Okay, do all the appetizer families at Lhasa, evicted, Museo, so that PPC t they said a little maximum. The nicotine now see, as illustrated by my colleagues, were at a crossroads in Canada. Our organizations have shown the existing regulatory environment to be insufficient in protecting young people in Canada. Vaping rates among youth are skyrocketing and we're seeing associated health problems such as respiratory conditions, both here in Canada and elsewhere in the world. We need immediate action and commitment by all federal parties to create restraints in a system where marketing is rampant, you for being enticed with attractive and fun flavors and hooked on harmful products that don't have the necessary health warnings or safe nicotine limits. Will we allow a new generation of young people to become addicted to nicotine and an increased risk for health problems, or will all political parties commit to using an interim order within 60 days of forming government and address this problem head-on? Thank you. I open the floor for questions. Yesterday's no-one's, proposing a ban on e cigarettes. E-Cigarettes are intended for adult smokers unable to quit, but we're having skyrocketing rates of youth vaping and the regulatory controls that we have in Canada are much less than we have in other countries. There's no reason to have advertising for these products that kids are exposed to on billboards on television on social media. That's an easy change that could be made. Similarly, with respect to nicotine levels, the European Union does have maximum contain levels, and they find a balance that, with respect to the regulation, we don't have in Canada at this point, I think it speaks to the the concept of not reinventing the wheel. We've been here before in trying to get control of tobacco products, and we need the same kind of promotion and regulation that we did for tobacco over the years. That really worked, particularly in the early part of of the 2000s. We saw that restricting promotion and marketing to youth really made a significant difference in decreasing smoking rates, so we're calling for the same thing here. We just have to reduce we're, not calling for an outright ban, as was just mentioned, but we really have to reduce the promotion and marketing to youth. So we don't see those increased health risks that are associated with vaping marketing, I didna, see on the marketing's of santa, but some common buku prehistoric see cyber mara marketing, ebook oppressively, a desert, peanut, a modest man. It's just a mali sole keeper beneath the sea, Priscilla I don't see any clear by Alicia we had a ban on baby products in Canada, but we still had vaping stores in almost every neighborhood. It was a gray market. It was a tolerated gray, market I think one of the reasons it was tolerated, although this was never made explicit, was because of some Supreme Court rulings have been made that we're addressing the potential for harm reduction and the right of an individual to have access to a product that could potentially benefit them. So what we do not want to go back to an illegal gray market, we would prefer to have a properly regulated market that is within legal health directed. But why not? Alright, then? It's I think for decades we've been asked why not just buy set ban cigarettes and I think if we thought this would be an effective public health strategy that would it actually arrived at the what our desire, which is reduced, use, minimum eyes use, maybe end of use. We would be advocating it. We don't think at this point that substituting a commercial market with a black market will achieve those public health kills. If you are ever to give it as changes that a ban would be effective at achieving that, then you might find us calling for something different, there's a few issues. Obviously, surveillance data is one of the big problems. We don't know how big the problem is. This thing is evolved very quickly over the last several months. One thing that would occur with the restriction is that we would start to gather evidence to understand what is usage. Where are these issues? Hospitals will start reporting when they have the incidents showing up. So we have to start to do our surveillance data in order to inform policy today, it's locking so we're thinking. We can work our way into this, but we have to start immediately to start gathering the data to inform policy to inform actions it can and to your point in question about the delays. The consultation process can be time-consuming, but we're seeing swift action elsewhere in the world, recognizing that this needs immediate attention and an interim order can be used, and that would be regulations that could be in place for 12 months up until we get more permanent regulations in place. But we see a problem now it can be addressed immediately and the consultation and the consultation process can happen in the background. But we need something to protect youth in Canada right now. We can't wait and have further delays and just add I think there's an increasing recognition by governments of the urgency to take action. In June, there was published a study in Canada that found that youth fate being increased by 74% in a single year among 16 to 19 year olds, from 2017 to 2018. Before and after he, cigarettes with nicotine were legalized in Canada and promotion began in the United States they've just released the first 2019 data showing yet a further spike. You know approximately 20 proximate 11 percent 2017 21 percent in 2018 27 percent in 2019 among high school students. So it's going up we're very concerned about what the data may show in 2019 in Canada and that's why it's essential that government's move as soon as possible and just to elaborate on a previous question, promoción illicit alleged. Only boutique special is a boy I. Do cinema, soca pot ain't up did don't said so, I'll call that people say come so there would not be a ban on advertising or promotions in adult only specialty, Bake Shop s--. That would still be able to continue so in in terms of the flavors, the and additives. It's it's very much. Based on the approach that's used as part of the federal act for tobacco products. The idea is to ban everything except what's explicitly permitted, that's what we do four flavors in tobacco and that's why we have. We don't see and flavored cigarettes or cigarillos anymore in terms of vaping products. We expect that some additives or some flavors might be allowed, for example, tobacco flavor for vaping products. We expect probably some of the additives that are known not to be necessarily particularly problematic. We know that some of the additives currently in vaping products are particularly problematic, known to known to be a serious irritant to to to the lungs, and so in that sense the idea is just to go with a precautionary principle, and- and we expect that this once we have this interim regulation in place for their studies for their consultation and I in time, there would be a safer and more effective framework that would be established in terms of the nicotine content. Twenty milligrams per milliliter is the European directive, it's being enforced. Now for a number of years there vaping products are sold there and -, and you know just to add to something one of the most promising clinically clinic random trial in terms of cessation for vaping products used a dose that was 18 milligram per milliliter, and so there's quite uh. It's quite obvious that we don't need these very high doses in in in the market when we're talking of non-therapeutic products again the vaping products that are being sold on the market that we're trying to target that are encompassed as part of this. The current act have not been certified as medicines. Any manufacturer can go and use the the other regulatory process to get their products certified as medicines for cessation nobody's there to stop them. You're allowed to promote those products- and you know there there's efficacy trials that need to be done and in in many cases most provinces, both public and private insurance will cover some of the payments. For that. So it's beneficial for smokers. One has to ask themselves why why? Why isn't the vaping industry now going the certified medicine route? We aren't aware of any information more than what I think everyone else is aware of. That's been in the standard press, it's the it's, the linking of vaping products to the potential for serious lung disease. That is the concern. It raises a red flag, just as the several hundred cases in the US plus the six or seven deaths. So that's why we're we're all concerned, because there are definite health risks associated with anything it does. It can lead to addiction right it is, it's can be a gateway, a gateway drug for nicotine. Some of the other health consequences include of they being include the adverse effects on brain development, particularly youth on pregnancy. It does have risk of cardiovascular disease, it does have risk of lung disease. In addition, there's evidence that suggests that it also can affect the mucous membranes of the mouth and other tissues that lead to biologic changers that are linked to cancer. So we're raising this, and this has to happen now again we have long experience with tobacco and tobacco products, so I think it's really important to take the prudent cautious approach and get the interim order in place so that we can. We can undertake appropriate policy and regulation. Worse I mean if someone was baby. Would if cannabis you know. Well, you know again, we refer to the earliest. We have this. We have this gray market in vaping products. We have this gray market and illegal market in cannabis, and now it's been regulated, we're calling for the same thing with vaping products.