Our chief political correspondent, David akin, was with us last night analyzing the election results for seven hours on live TV David now that you've had some time to reflect what happens next? How does this liberal minority government work and are they already building bridges to some of the other parties? The leaders are not talking yet among themselves about how this minority will work, but there is some activity at the staff level, primarily between the NDP and the Liberals really preliminary stuff to say what sort of form would this take? Would it be a one-off basis on every confidence boat vote or is there a deal? I think the NDP would be inclined to try to see if they could work a deal out to get some stability for this Parliament. It might be in the Liberals interest to the block leader. If Francois Blanchette he's not interested in any formal deals and I, don't think the Liberals are either the BQ will just deal things and would deal with things in a case by case basis. Is there any likelihood do you think of the Liberals and the Tories working together on anything? Well, let's think about that pipeline expansion, which we know that the NDP opposes and the Conservatives say, that's a project in the national interest. I can't see the sheer conservatives voting against the pipeline I think they put national interest ahead of partisanship, but if ever ever came to it now do we know why. Last night Justin Trudeau began speaking before Andrew Shearer was finished. Actually they almost he almost took over and Russia had been up for a couple of minutes and Trudeau Russian. It was a couple of minutes and it was 35 seconds and it looked crass. It looks good. It did, and we've asked the parties about that today and here's what they're saying you take it for what it's worth the Liberals say they were trying to find out what Shearer was doing, trying to contacts your staff unsuccessfully, and that there's nothing to see here. There wasn't intentional, don't read to anything into it and that's what the Liberals say the Conservatives say: baloney it was intentional. It doesn't really get the forty-third Parliament off to a great start. If the 43rd Parliament everybody has to get along start working together. David akin thanks thanks.