A drew Shearer was in Surrey BC, unveiling a key election promise in the form of a universal tax cut for Canadians when fully implemented its projected to save the average Canadian household, eight hundred and fifty dollars a year now. Cher wants the focus to be on that today, but instead he continues to deal with questionable comments made by candidates and questions about why he won't turf them. Both the liberal and conservative war rooms have taken to Twitter dredging up checkered histories of candidates from both sides. Liberal minister Harjit Sajjan tweeted about a Conservative candidate who once called for a ban of Vancouver's Pride Parade in response, former Conservative staffer Rachel Korine fired off tweets about liberal candidates, including Richmond MP Jo Pascoe Salido, whose name has been mentioned in connection with a money-laundering scheme involving Chinese gangsters, Trudeau sidestepped the questions about him last week in regards to the MP in question. He has addressed these issues and further questions can be asked of him. In a rare news conference, mid-flight Saturday night Shearer said if a candidate apologizes for a comment made long ago, he will allow them to run under the conservative banner. However, in a 2005 speech in the House of Commons, Shearer spoke out against same-sex marriage. More recently, she said as Prime Minister he would have pulled the law and the Equality rights of all Canadians, but he didn't apologize. Nor did he say his views have changed. It's all about the way it whether or not people support fundamental equality rights and whether or not they show respect to every Canadian and every group within Canada, and that is the. That is what we will continue to to do. As a party. Our party supports the Equality rights of all Canadians and will continue to do that and keep in mind. This is only day five of the election campaign, so you can likely expect a lot more mudslinging, as the conservatives and liberals stay neck and neck in the polls and continue to fight tooth and nail for each riding across this country. Michael accretor, Global, News, Comox, BC,.