Hello I'm Mercedes Stevenson, and this is the West block politics, perspectives and players. Late last week, Conservative Party leader, Andrew Scheer, released his party platform outlining exactly what he would do for the country if he is elected as prime minister, why did he wait until so late in the campaign to do this, and what are some of his promises? I sat down with the Conservative leader to find out almost immediately after his platform, was released in British Columbia. Here's that conversation Mr Shearer welcome to the West block. Thank you for joining us thanks very much for having me again. This has been a unique campaign. It's been a campaign that often we hear this from viewers and from voters across the country. Who's been very negative. People describe it as a race to the bottom, a competition over who's, the bigger liar instead of a vision for Canada. What do you say to voters who are frustrated with your campaign and frustrated with the way that politicians have conducted themselves, I'm, actually very pleased by our campaign? We've every day, we've had a positive message about how we're going to make life more affordable for Canadians. We start off almost every day, with an announcement about a tax cut or a new tax credit, and- and that is what our message is, so you know every campaign, other things come up as well and we obviously respond to some of the false attacks that liberals or other parties might make against us. But by and large every day we are telling Canadians a story about how we're going to run a government that lives within its means. So we can put more money in their pocket, so they can get ahead, but you've run a lot of attacks against Justin, Trudeau and you're. Just now, releasing your costed platform, it's Friday before the Thanksgiving long weekend. You would promise to release it before. Voters went to the advanced polls that didn't happen. Why did you wait so long? Well, the ads that we're running a speak to the the question of trust, this election I believe the ballot question is: who do you trust to lower taxes, to put more money in your pocket? And when we look at trust, we can't trust Justin Trudeau broken promises from the last campaign. Outright lies that Yves told that he's told when it really as it relates to the SNC lavell an affair and things of that nature. We promised Canadians that we would unveil our platform with plenty of plenty of time for election day and before advanced polls. We did that today here in Columbia, and this is the perfect weekend for people to discuss around the Thanksgiving Day table a Thanksgiving supper table and talk about what each party is offering and what the different platforms contain. So we thought that this was the perfect time. We also had great news to announce. Even even this week we had exciting new measures that we were announcing for Canadians, and so, if you and if we announce your platform too early, sometimes you're not able to highlight each and every specific policy people won't have had a lot of time to digest it. If they're voting today, though, which a number of Canadians will thousands of Canadians across the country engage in advanced polls and I'm sure the dinner table at Thanksgiving is where lots of people will debate politics, but they haven't had a chance to look at this in depth and in detail. Don't you think that that runs the risk of playing right into the concern? Some voters have that you're going to cover govern through significant cuts or what the Liberals have been saying, you're going to govern like Doug Ford, not at all and I think when people look at each and every day, we've announced fully costed platform announcements, it's all with parliamentary budget officer analysis, and that is in sharp contrast with the Liberals. Not only do they fail to do that throughout the campaign, but when they release their platform over half of their commitments. Weren't, even costed, so I believe that Canadians over the course of this campaign up to today and Beyond have enough information to say that okay, the Conservatives are going to run a responsible plan to get back to balanced budgets. They've announced exciting tax cuts like the universal tax cut, which will leave $850 in the pockets of a average income earning couple. The public transit tax credit, the home renovation, tax, credit and they're gonna see that under Justin Trudeau, it's going to be massive deficits with which threaten those social programs or a Conservative government that will get back to balanced budgets and lower taxes. There are billions of dollars worth of cuts in here cuts that you're proud of, but would you run an austerity government not at all? And that is it's all about choices. It's it's the priorities. What we're saying is we're going to take 1.5 billion dollars out of the corporate welfare envelope right now, they're billions of dollars are sent to highly profitable companies or companies that take the taxpayers dollars that they receive and they actually invested overseas. We're going to reduce the foreign aid budget by 25 percent. We also are going to look at how the government operates in and of itself, not programs and services, but how it spends money within departments we're going to eliminate the practice of March Madness, which you know in Ottawa the end of every fiscal year. Hundreds of millions of dollars are blowing out the door rather than returned back to the Treasury. We're going to look at the practice of outside consultants coming in often two or three times the hourly rate of the highly trained experienced public servants that could be doing the work that outside consultants are doing and in that way, we're going to free up the money to bring in the universal tax cut, to bring in the public transit and the kids sports and activities tax cut. So it's a choice with the Liberals. You pay higher taxes on inefficient government with the Liberals. You get a balanced budgets, lower taxes, more money in your pocket. Will you commit when it comes to cutting government operating costs, that you will not cut services and you will not cut any jobs? Absolutely and and we're going beyond that, we're actually going to increase spending for health care and education. We are committed to the current formula, which means at least three percent increases every year for health care, post-secondary education and important social programs on corporate welfare. You talk about cutting examples like giving the money to Loblaws for their refrigerators, but a lot of economists are saying we could be heading into a global recession. If we are plunged into that next year, are you ruling out the possibility of corporate bailouts for big Canadian companies like Bombardier or, for example, your predecessor, Stephen Harper, who bailed out the auto industry mmm? What we're saying is that when you look at when you look at the current fiscal state, tens of billions of dollars a year in deficits have a cost that represents cuts in and of itself, because every time the Liberals bar another ten to twenty billion dollars in a fiscal year that has to be paid back and has to be paid back with interest. So when we look at how various various government programs this is go, this goes across all different departments. There are so many different types of programs that provide some assistance or another - to corporations, and what we're saying is we're going to put in a criteria that it can't go to highly profitable companies. It can't go to companies are going to take that the taxpayers dollars of Canadians and invest in other countries that can't go to pay for bonuses for executives, we're going to establish those criteria, it's much better. If we are facing some troubling and there are some signs around the world and anytime, you see protectionist streaks go through various countries, there's always some risk when you look at the foreign direct investment that has left Canada, especially in the energy sector. Of course, that means that we are going to have to be prudent. That's precisely why we have to get back to balanced budgets. Now the Liberals have left us with no flexibility, no room to maneuver in the event of a downturn with these types of targeted, broad-based tax relief proposals that we're bringing in as well as getting our energy sector back up we're going to see a lot more economic economic activity. Thanks to that, but does that mean that you would consider bailouts for big corporations? I mean when you look at a catastrophic a potential catastrophic failure like we saw in the auto sector when you look at what our largest trading partner does when there's a systemic shock to one sector or another? Obviously, governments have to make decisions in the moment. What we're saying is today, looking at the liberal plan, five years out, billions and billions of dollars worth of deficits each and every year adding to the cost of the debt, meaning hundreds of millions more billions of dollars more every year, just going to pay banks and bondholders, the people who own that debt. That's wasted money, that's money that could be going into better services for canyons or into tax cuts. As you just said, you don't have a lot of wiggle room. The Liberals, if you win, have not left to a lot of local wiggle room due to the deficit. If you end up in a situation where there is also a recession, you're going to have to make some tough decisions about how you come to balance, are you committed to coming to balance on the budget within four years? No matter what even at the cost of potentially having to raise revenue or cut services? Or would you be willing to push that off? So this is a classic liberal tactic where they create a giant fiscal mess and then they say well, the Conservatives aren't going to clean it up the way that the way we want them to we're not going to take any lessons from them. They're already out trying to put press there, their message and I'm not going to take any lessons from a party that can't even cost their own platform and now they're trying to attack our platform we, but we we have confidence in our economic plan that we've a table. It's based on Parliamentary Budget, Office projections. It's based on the the analysis that that Canadian economists look at what the trends are going to be like for the next few years, already won by your own numbers. You don't have a lot of wiggle room with this plan, so if you have to spend unexpectedly or if you're not able to save in the way that you've projected you could be in big trouble. Well, I disagree, I, think when, when you look at the amount of wiggle room, we free up by lowering the interest payment charges that the government currently has to pay that's billions of dollars a year difference between the Liberals in our plan, that's significant and that actually gives us more room to maneuver. So we made the commitment we're not going to raise taxes, we're gonna, lower taxes, we're gonna, put money back in the pockets of Keynes Justin Trudeau has to explain. Where he's going to get the money for his platform. We know he's going to raise the carbon tax. We know he's he speculated on raising other taxes. With our plan, you can be sure we're gonna, get back to balanced budgets, we're gonna increase spending for healthcare, education, social programs and leave more money in the pockets of Keynes. Why are you looking at reducing the amount of infrastructure spending and you're saying it's the same amount the Liberals have committed to, but over more time, cities are saying: we need clean water. We need new cedar sewers, we need a transit system. What do you say to those cities? What we say to them is that we're going to be there, we're gonna, be there as partners we're to get those projects built right now the Liberals don't have an infrastructure plan to actually get the money going into the ground into shovels in the ground. What we're saying is that we're going to spend the exact same amount of money over more time for a slightly longer period of time, in order for that plan to work for the projects to actually get underway. That allows us to stop the practice of borrowing billions and billions of dollars. Well still, at the same time, getting important projects built. We've made significant commitments, a rock-solid commitment for the the the yagna Ontario line expansions in Toronto, the Massey tunnel replacement here in in the Delta region and the quasi only at Quebec. So those are significant big pieces of infrastructure we're committed to, as well as all the other types of projects that other municipalities will be asking for, and we're going to help communities. Municipalities meet the standards that we're going to set to stop the practice of raw sewage getting dumped into our oceans, rivers and lakes. So we're going to be their full partners in infrastructure, maintaining record levels, those same high levels of spending and I know the Liberals are going to try to say otherwise. But the fact of the matter is what our plan will actually get projects built their plan. Isn't you talk a lot about the difficulty the average family has in making ends meet and one of the big areas that people say they experienced significant expenses in and it can be very expensive for the government in the long term is the ability to pay for their medication. The other parties are all saying that they would introduce a national pharma care program, you're, not offering that. Why not well. What we've said is that when you look at the km population, up to 95 percent of Canadians are eligible for some coverage or another, either a workplace plan. A provincial plan that exists already and what the Liberals are talking about is a multi-billion dollar plan to replace what the free market is. Providing many many people and what provincial programs are already covering, so it doesn't so for them. They have to explain where they're going to get the billions of dollars to pay for that and I don't want to see Canadians get less coverage than they currently have with a current plan and have to pay more for it. So we've announced that we're going to start the process for filling in the gaps and we're going to start with people who have rare diseases whose medications often cost astronomically higher than than other types of medications. We're going to start with that and then we're going to prudently work with the provinces to to fill in those gaps. Are you worried that could cost you with voters who were being offered the chance to have what are often significant expenses covered by the other parties with a Pharma care program? No, because we know that the Liberals are gonna, make life more expensive on the whole and what the Liberals it's always raised, attacks over here and then pretend to give some back over there. Canadians won't be better off paying a higher carbon tax. They won't be higher off paying higher payroll taxes. Small business owners won't be better off paying high taxes under the liberal, so we're gonna leave thousands of dollars in the pockets of Keynes we're gonna help canyons deal with the affordability of the cost-of-living crunch and I'm very confident that Canadians will look and see. In fact, the Liberals have been promising this since the 90s. The fact that they've hired it's based on recommendations from a Kathleen Wynne era, cabinet minister I, don't think Canadians are gonna, have any faith in a program developed by one of Kathleen, Wynne's, cabinet ministers and they're, certainly not going to have confidence in this Liberal government being able to administer a program of that nature. Speaking of Kathleen Wynne, you haven't campaigned with Doug Ford. You did campaign with mr. Kenney, the premier of Alberta, who you imported. Why hasn't mr. Ford been a part of your campaign? Well, the premier decided that he was going to stay focused on provincial politics. He's got a big mess to clean up after so many years of Dalton McGuinty and Kathleen Wynne, raising taxes, running deficits being mired in scandals he's got a lot of work on his plate. Is he just too toxic to bring him near your campaign? You know it's when we talked to Canada sigh I check in with my candidates every single day and when our candidates are going door-to-door, they're hearing about affordability, they're hearing about the S&C lavell and scandal they're hearing about the crime in their communities. That's what they're focused on that's we're hearing at the doors questions about which Paulette other politicians are campaigning with federal leaders. It has never come up at the doors and we're gonna continue to face focused on providing Canadians with a plan to make life more affordable, so they can get ahead. There are questions about who is Andrew, sure, you're still really having to introduce yourself to voters, and you face a lot of criticism from the Liberals. When it comes to some of your personal values, they say you're too much of a social conservative. You didn't march in the climate marches, you never marched in a gay pride parade. What do you have to say to voters who wonder especially moderate voters in this election who are swinging and youth, whether or not your values align with theirs? Well, my message is the same as it's always been and, first of all, it's always a challenge for a leader of the Opposition to to be introduced to Canadians. It's I've, spoken to with other leaders of the opposition and they've all said the same thing that really up until an election campaign that Canadians have the opportunity to to get to know you and to hear what you have to say. We are a big tent party and everyone is welcome in our party, if you believe in individual liberty, if you believe in smaller government and more dynamic free market, then your you have a home in the in the Conservative Party of Canada. We are inclusive party that respects the point of view, people from all different walks of life, people of all different sexual orientations from all different ethnicities for all different faiths, and I pride myself on being the type of leader that finds the common ground between all different kinds of conservatives, to focus on making life better for Canadians. But you personally is the leader: why wouldn't you March in a gay pride parade or the climate freight? It seems like there's no downside to that for you. Well, you know: there's lots of different ways to show support to the LGBT community. I've got had a motion in the House of Commons to call on the government to do more to help people who are being persecuted because of their sexual orientation. I participated in the historic apology to public servants who were persecuted because of their sexual orientation and when it comes to the the climate, March I saw a lot of signs in that March. That said, actions not words when I see Justin Trudeau marching in that for it in, and that in that protest it just rings of such hypocrisy, and the irony was incredible here is a prime minister is basically marching against himself, and so we decided on that day that we were going to make announcements on significant, concrete ways to make life better for Canadians, including investments in public transit, which we know has a an impact on reducing emissions turning abroad. Right now, Turkey is making an incursion into Syria. They are killing Kurds, who have been Canadian allies in the war against Isis. Do you believe that turkey should remain as a member of NATO given these activities? Well, that is a very important question. I think NATO members are going to have to be looking at. Obviously, we would expect that all members of NATO live up to the obligations. The international international law and human rights very concerned about the situation. I believe it was a mistake to pull troops out of of that part of Syria and basically leave our allies. You know the Kurds who had fought side-by-side with us against the the fight against Isis, so I'm very concerned of what's going on there. There are questions inside the Conservative Party here at home about your leadership and about how you've done in this election that you've not been able to pull it out of the Hat or pull ahead. Despite some gifts like the blackface video, which politically was an unforced error that the Liberals have had to deal with, snz, lavalla and and still it seems like, you can't get traction and they're already looking at who your successor is. Have you talked to Peter MacKay? Who is the name floated as the potential successor since those stories surfaced? I am focused on October 21st and our entire team is, and and I I hear every day from our candidates across the country from people have helped our party in the past. They are excited about October 21st, very optimistic I'm, very confident that we're going to former that we are going to form a majority government. Have you talked to Peter McKenna I speak to Peter. Mackay often I see him at many different events. My my current schedule has me, and here in British Columbia today and debating the other day in Ottawa, but I know Peter is a committed member of our team at our convention in Halifax in 2018 I paid tribute to the fact that he's a builder. He understands the need to keep a party united to to work to achieve the ultimate goal, which is providing good government to Canadians government that respects their tax dollars and makes it easier to get ahead in this country. I know that's what he's focused on that's what I'm focused on that's what our entire team is focused on we're here. In BC and the pipeline, and any pipeline really is very controversial here- you've pledged a national energy corridor. In order to do that, you may have to override the objections of indigenous people and of provinces. Are you confident that you're willing to put that pipeline through put that energy corridor through at any cost? The the key is to address environmental concerns when people say if you put a pipeline here, you threaten this aquifer or it's not safe in this region and a proponent can say: that's a legitimate concern. You're right we're gonna, go and dress that that is precise. The the constructive way that we can deal with people and we can work with people who have environmental concerns. Conservatives are environmentalists. We want to protect our waterways, we want to protect our oceans. We have to acknowledge the fact that there are some people who are saying no, no matter what who are blocking projects, no matter what not, because they may have a specific concern that could be addressed, but they just don't want the energy sector to develop in Canada that that is their agenda and so to those people. We say: look we're not going to allow a small group of people block the types of projects that bring enormous potential, an enormous prosperity to indigenous Canadians, to people all throughout Canada, manufacturing jobs that depend on the energy sector, refining jobs. We're saying we're going to develop a geographic space with a national energy corridor to address indigenous concerns to find out the the most environmentally friendly wave, the most the route that it takes into account all those sensitivities that is the best for our environment and then we're going to allow projects to proceed. Does that mean, though, that, for example, the entire province of Quebec or our first nation would not have the ability to say no at the end of the day, I respect provincial jurisdiction, I also respect federal jurisdiction and I'm, confident that Quebecers I will want to choose energy - a new it's right now we've got a significant percentage of of gasoline being used in Quebec that comes from the United States Quebecers. Don't want to send their consumer dollars to Donald Trump's America I believe that they'd rather support Canadian energy and that's why I believe that this energy quarter achieves that will allow Quebec to see realize its benefits when it comes to hydro and-and-and here in BC, you know we, we see people in British, Columbia protesting and blocking exports of Canadian energy when, on the eastern side of Canada we have tanker. After tanker foreign oil coming up, the st. Lawrence are coming in from the United States that doesn't make any sense when I speak to Quebecers about it, they're very excited about the prospect of having Canadian energy in in in in Quebec, and also allowing Quebec to share its hydroelectricity. Without with with other project provinces, which is something that's very important to Premier Li go as well, you made a big promise on immigration, saying that you would stop people from making irregular border crossings in order to do that, you'd have to change something called the safe third country agreement. You'd need the United States to agree to that. The Liberal government has explored it. They haven't gone kind of a bite from the Donald Trump administration. What would you offer to mr. Trump to change this agreement, which so far is working just fine for them? Well, we don't actually know what the Liberals have done. You know, they've had very mixed messages on this they've said. Sometimes they were considering it then that they weren't. So we don't know what type of efforts they've actually made I believe it's in both our country's best interest to have an orderly border, a safe, orderly and compassionate immigration system where our country's borders can be it can have its integrity maintained so I'm caught, confident and optimistic that there will be a willingness on the side of the United States. We we also have some tools at our disposal here at home that we get that will contemplate as well. The goal is to make sure that our immigration refugee system, prioritizes people who follow the rules and are facing real danger and someone who is crossing in from upstate New York, is not facing the same type of persecution that someone who's waiting in a refugee camp or fleeing Civil War is facing and I don't believe that people should be able to jump the line or skip the queue because they have the means to get upstate New York. When there are so many you know hundreds of thousands of people who would be killed if they left a refugee camp. Our system should prioritize those people Mr Shearer. Thank you for joining us. Thank you very much. That's all the time we have for today. Thank you for joining us for the West block, I'm resetti Stevenson. You.