We're waiting for him to go to sleep. There are nine hundred and seventy-one people who live in Gracia narrows first nation over 90% of them show signs of mercury poisoning according to a 2016 report. Krissy Isaac is one of them. Just yesterday, I was in the hospital because I felt like there was something going on with my heart. So that's another one of the effects. I guess is that I'll eventually have heart problems. The water was first contaminated in the 1960s when a paper mill upstream in Dryden Ontario dumped 9,000 kilograms of mercury into the English Wobegon river system in 2018. A study found that residents of grassy narrows are up to six times more likely to suffer from a wide range of debilitating health problems than other First Nations in Ontario and you're in Gracia narrows this is a community that is one of the most powerful examples of the neglect of the federal government. Ndp leader jug meat Singh, has promised, if elected with end, boil water advisories for First Nation lands by 2021, just like the Liberals, but Singh claims he'll, take action right away, making a target and then not backing it up is meaningless, and so what I'm saying is the comedy thing that the federal government can do is to put the money on the table. Singh is also promising to fully fund a specialized health facility to treat people with mercury poisoning. The chief of grassy narrows has been negotiating for over the funding for that facility. He's been frustrated with a lack of progress, so he's running for the NDP here and who can forget this Justin Trudeau's smug response to a grassy narrows protester at a high-priced liberal fundraiser was widely criticized, even though he later apologized and left many in the community questioning the Liberals commitment to reconciliation, as you know, about their child. Well, first thing they here they are they're, saying we want reconciliation and then, a few weeks later they they're challenging you thinking it seems like they can they're committing, but they're not committing and that's frustrating. Today the Liberals said they are committed to building a mercury treatment facility and a detailed design could move forward to construction. This fall as things visit was planned long before yesterday's announcement that the federal government will appeal the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal, ruling on Canada's mistreatment of First Nations children. However, that decision and the distrust people here already feel for the Liberals is helping the NDP narrative that Justin Trudeau hasn't delivered on his promise to help indigenous people.