Good morning, everyone thank you all for being here, I'm happy to be joined by an incredible local rep and a strong voice for this community. Not the cursing. It's always great to be here in Federer. Kim is here just a few weeks back announcing that a reelected Liberal government will give even more support to our seniors, because, after a lifetime of hard work, Canadian seniors deserve to retire with security and dignity. Today, I'm happy to highlight yet another of our little a our liberal team plans to move Canada forward for New Brunswickers, for families and for communities. Unlike the conservatives, liberals believe that investing in people is the best way to grow our economy and help the middle class and those working hard to join it, and a big part of that includes investing in people's health I'm, proud to live in a country that is universal health care. But the reality is that too many people are slipping through the cracks I'm talking about parents who have to spend the night in the ER and their kid gets sick, because they're stuck on a wait list for a family doctor teens struggling with mental health challenges, who are told to wait months for professional help, he's a unique unicorns way. You know pie except for swagger me sit this young. She saw Milan, it works right. So no here he actually, he meets gamma, don't see. Sunburns wine Mustapha met recipe, never Tony. Okay, I know therapy from the note so develop a therapy over the old one Faramir about nouvelles it'll pull they can use any on the Haley's in a progress report on a sniffle. Only Garcia ran again the new Voter cough. So that's something I think we probably tear each one. When I don't see the Charlotte felt very silly, pretty mean scammer. The shuns multiple me poke an agenda. Panini press media, the dollar, who called no question listening, Jana, Misaki, Mirko, say from a Maitre D' recommendations. Olaf a song, don't of the preceding for methanol. Lesser meets ghetto. Liberals understand that a healthy Canada is a prosperous Canada and a reelected Liberal government will keep moving our country forward and ensure that all Canadians get the health care treatment they deserve, and that starts with fixing the current situation around family doctors. Just imagine for a second, your kid has a fever and is having a rough day. Your spouse has spent weeks complaining of a pain they just can't quite place. Your elderly parent is starting to really struggle with age. Imagine meeting access to the kind of specialized service that only a professional can provide and imagine being told, there's no one who can help. This is a real problem, so our team will take steps to ensure that, under a reelected Liberal government, all Canadians have access to a family doctor or a primary care team, not only that will also continue to improve access to home care and palliative care, but we know that health is bigger than just the physical mental health is equally important, and so we will improve access to mental health services for Canadians from coast to coast to coast will strengthen the Canada Health Act to make sure the full range of mental health services required by Canadians are available in every province and territory and will bring in new national standards of care wait times and cost of treatment should never be a barrier to getting the mental health support you need, and finally, a reelected Liberal government will bring in universal national Pharma care so that all Canadians can get the medications they need at an affordable price. Andrew Shearer wants people to think that this election is about you. But it's not about me it's about Canadians and between now and Monday. Here's the question you have to ask yourself: do you want fifty three billion dollar worth of conservative cuts? Do you want a progressive government that will continue investing in families investing in communities? That's the choice, it's that simple and it's that important in terms of the NDP and the Greens. Remember this: if you want a progressive action, they need a progressive government, not a progressive opposition. Voting liberal is the only way to stop conservative cuts. Liberals know that the way to grow the economy is by investing in people. We have the record to prove it. Over the last four years, we've put more money in people's pockets by cutting taxes for the middle class and giving parents a monthly tax, free canada, child benefit, and in the process we've seen, Canadians create almost 1.2 million new jobs. We've lifted 900,000 Canadians out of poverty, including 300,000 kids, contrast that, with the failure of the harper decade, where wages were flat, job creation was stalled. Ambition was nowhere to be found, cuts and austerity. Don't work it's only through investing in Canadians. That will continue to help the middle class and those working hard to join. Our liberal team will always put people first and together with strong voices like math in Parliament. We will keep moving Canada forward, so she cooed we're doing as we can add that none of the ones we checked out. So sorry about that. Can you - project energy s? It's cook, savvy, Alfie, I, see trouble alert, usually two perspectives or preocupado see the company responsible to project DC did ROTC research, Rosella noodle on concern, University Donna, croissants, economic, a distillery, fami University, result of Kedah a propitious inhalation of a digital Jimmy. I can point done. Studies the new brunswick, the communist attic little Germaine illicitly dextromethorphan available Hawaii. He, the owners should be found well, Elena, those in stress on the protectionism a day, free visibility. America was a no concern with Roger the D found. Will it travel cases were in Hawaii for a stickers as well as Hawaii horrors of natural causes? Well in Hawaii who's into new ones. Week, una for Toby, we will always stand up for workers, particularly workers who were challenged with limited or the threat of limited access to the United States. We know that southern New Brunswick is an area that is dependent on trade with the United States, and that's why we were so pleased to be able to renegotiate, NAFTA and secure a good deal for Canadians at a time of unpredictability and in protectionism in the United States. We're going to keep standing up for workers right across the country in regards to energy East, the proponent of the project pulled the project off the table, but we're going to keep making sure that we're investing in families investing in communities to make sure everyone has a chance to get ahead. Athenian, keratin, The, Economist pyramid, Duty, non-slip Roger, GLK Becky, welcome to show the gazook Nina tan, my metal, good, the Atomium, even mortal economic approach, a come on, ApS coupons, experiment. The jury is in Haqqanis own case. It's you, Sue's evaluation, pala province, public position on man, - mistletoe, new Co, Co sister surplus. For my family. This is your evil -, a source of questioning CCBC when you sweep a region like the Atlantic and you sort of have nowhere else to go but down. How do you keep what you have I guess? What do you say specifically to voters just to tell them that you don't take them for granted that you deserve their vote? Voters across Atlantic Canada made a very clear decision in the last election to turn their back on ten years of Harper cuts and austerity, one cuts to culture and cuts to communities and cuts to families, to veterans the things that matter to Atlantic Canadians over the past four years, with an extraordinary team of Atlantic and peace, we've been able to move forward on Atlantic growth strategy includes investments in infrastructure and innovation and immigration work in partnership with premiers across the region to grow the economy. To respond to the challenges, people are facing, people in Atlantic Canada, like people right across the country, are now facing a very clear choice. Do we go back to the cuts of the Harper years, or do we continue to invest in the middle class and people working hard to join it and invest in things like ensuring that everyone has access to a family doctor? This is the choice facing Canadians right now and I'm, looking forward to Canadians making that choice here in Atlantic, Canada and right across the country in just a few days. Here's to know why do you think there's been a recent surge and support for the bloc québécois and the NDP I think we know that Canadians are taking very seriously the responsibility to choose a path forward for our country. Canadians are worried about the costs of living they're, worried about getting access to a family doctor they're, worried about their kids futures and their jobs and they're worried about the environment. They need to choose a positive, progressive government that is going to deliver on investments that will help their families. The choice is very clear: are we going to move forward with the government that invests in people and ensures that everyone has access to a family doctor or are we gonna go back to a time where conservatives simply cut services for skinny jean at chirality, ki, haveli P for fastener schwa that that clad Eskimo could be of conservatives? Lusty repeat mr. Harper Mr Shearer propose, let's go continue. Davis see any fami very best accessory curtain on exa aramid, st. Fanny, the sort of slow condition for fast at ravioli, P G, confuse critical edge angle fairly, bourgeois - laughs I mean Ebola happening global news. You won every seat here in 2015, as it's unlikely that that would happen again. What would you consider a successful outcome in Atlantic Canada? We are going to work hard to ensure that we continue to have strong representation right across Atlantic Canada of great MPs who keep stepping up. We know that right across Atlantic Canada in every single writing people are faced with a very clear choice. Do we go back to conservative cuts to services, or do we move forward on making sure everyone, as a family, doctor, I'm, making sure families get the investments and the support they need for seniors for young people for hardworking Canadians? The choice is clear and I'm very confident will Canadians choice in Atlantic Canada. The Green Party is more of a threat to you here. What is your message to green voters beyond working to elect a progressive government and not a progressive opposition? We know that climate change is the largest crisis that our world and our country is facing at this time and that's why we move forward on the most ambitious plan. Canada has ever had to fight climate change over the past four years. We've done more than any government in the history of this country and we've done it pushing back against conservative premiers like Jason, Kenney, Doug Ford, don't want to act on climate change. Andrew Shearer has made it very clear that he doesn't understand that building a strong economy requires leadership on the environment as well. That's why we're going to stay focused on electing a government that is going to continue to act on fighting climate change right across the country with a strong mandate to push back against those conservatives as conservative premiers, who don't want to do anything for our future? So I can point if someone came at 6:00 something brahmana's portal, monitor volume or see box, : applause, leblanc columbus here at rivera p, the on astrology people, you take occasionally Mexico in general, continued affair. Accordingly, the psychodrama - conservative from mr. Koenig mr. Ford see new brunswick Monsieur Higgs in a very NFL political tayshon automatic user. No continuing - a particular planet in is an old file, a record normal follow, Oscar /, /, /, /, nama, conservator Allah, give a discipline, history, quality conditions, romantic Sacramento, Jonny, Harline, Joanna Smith, the Canadian Press. You said inside miss Joan Kenny's house that, regarding the pending closure in clinic five five for that you'd be speaking to premier Higgs, and that you would also, if necessary, use the tools available to enforce a Canada Health Act. What specifically, would you do? A Liberal government will always defend women's rights, including when challenged by conservative premiers. That's something we know, Andrew shear will not do. We will ensure that the New Brunswick government allows access paid for access to clinics that offer abortion services outside of hospitals. I will sit down with premier Higgs if reelected and let him know that we will use all tools at our disposal, including tools that exist under the Canada Health Act of pneumonia has definite otro, lado de la compra contra de police, a conservative, a limiting it. What if an Oscar Andrew shared the first certain Appa scenarios, Maxwell Harvick the feminist, to move on to explain, hex polyak speaking ill dua for new commercial police service dab of thermal a fire under orders to ec uniforms. Wick acre the governor Murphy. The answer to this routine SSI accompli sooner were Canadians or something poor saturate because of effect on the government in the movement week. You said in the debate- and you said again this morning- that your government expanded access to abortion here in New Brunswick, but that expanded access actually happened in her pre-miracle and before you were elected. So why are you exaggerating your grafted on abortion? Here in New Brunswick, we had very clear conversations when I was leader and when I was Prime Minister on ensuring that new Brunton New Brunswick moves forward on protecting women's rights, and that's why it is so frustrating to me to see the government of New Brunswick continue to challenge and limit women's rights and women's access to abortion. The Liberal government of the Prime Minister will always stand up to provinces who want to limit women's rights to choose something that the Conservatives, particularly under Andrews, sheer, will not do. We will ensure that access to medically necessary services out of hospitals are provided here in New Brunswick. We will use the tools at our disposal to ensure that that happens. Michels olio with the Global Mail good morning, Canada, has temporarily suspended its export permits to Turkey in light of the military incursion in Syria. In your opinion, is the violence in Northeast Syria, the fault of the Trop administration's refusal to support the Kurds and pull its troops out. We are obviously strongly condemning the Turkish incursion into Syria and very concerned about the situation in the Middle East. We are engaged diplomatically and the officials level with all of our allies, and we will continue to monitor the situation closely, including the impact on Canadian forces in nearby Iraq and elsewhere. The fight against - is one in which countries from around the world joined in, and this is a situation that concerns us deeply. You have been demonizing Donald Trump in your election campaign. Rhetoric are you concerned. This could negatively affect your relationship with the president if you're real acting I have demonstrated that my responsibility is Prime Minister in regards to the United. States is two things to stand up for Canadian values and to defend Canadian interests. That's exactly what we did when it came time to renegotiate NAFTA, Donald Trump was threatening to rip up this incredibly important trade deal for Canadian jobs, Canadian prosperity from coast to coast to coast. We sat down pulled together a team Canada approach where our people are different: orders of government different political parties, unions from business, different organizations- all came together in Canada, spoke as one voice to demonstrate the Canadians were going to remain strong in the face of American protectionism and unpredictability. We succeeded in renegotiating the most important trade deal we have despite the fact that in the House of Commons, Andrew Shearer was calling for us to simply capitulate, because that's what Stephen Harper had told him to say and jig meat sing in the NDP are not supportive of the protections we were able to get for our workers for steel workers for aluminium workers for Auto Workers right across the country. We're gonna continue to stand up strongly for Canada. We're gonna continue to do it in a firm, reasonable way, because that's what Canadians expect of us I miss Trudeau, Tom Barrett at CBC, but you're, saying that voting liberal is the only way to stop conservative cuts. Are you trying to scare people, green voters and EP voters into voting for your party I? Think people remember when the cuts and the choices that Stephen Harper had made for 10 years, that hurt Canadians that hurt our veterans that stopped investing in communities through infrastructure. The choice the Canadians made in 2015 to turn their back on the Harper years was the right one, because over the past four years, we've seen about 1.2 million jobs created most of them full time we see 900,000 canadians lifted out of poverty, we've seen 300,000 of them. Kids. We know that investing in communities is the right way to move forward and it's a very different choice than conservatives me. Conservatives choose to cut services, we're choosing to invest so that everyone can access a family doctor. The choice is very, very clear: are you trying to scare them? Are you using fear to drive NDP voters and green voters to your party? We have been very positive in the approach that we take and we will remain so looking for a strong mandate to continue to invest in Canadians and I will be sharp on the policy differences between us and the Conservatives. The Conservatives still believe that tax breaks for the wealthy cuts to services are the way to grow the economy. 10 years of Stephen Harper's failures showed that that was wrong. Over the past four years we invested. Instead, we demonstrated that investing in Canadians grows the economy and lifts people out of poverty, and that's the positive choice that Canadians are facing. Do we continue to do that? Or do we go back to Harper cuts, lemon tree or CTV News? Mr. Trudeau you've spoken a lot about the things you say you've accomplished over the past four years, but you know what it is. You regret the most something you did or didn't do as Prime Minister that you've had another chance. You would handle difference. One of the things that I was most focused on in 2015 after 10 years of a government that played regional politics and look to pit Canadians against Canadians was to bring Canadians together and everything I've tried to do over these past four years has been focused on bringing the country together, standing up for people's rights, ensuring opportunity and prosperity right across the country, and yet we find ourselves now in a more polarized, more divisive election than even the 2015 one and I wonder how or if I could have made sure that we were still fooling Canadians together. I recognize Canadians are anxious about their future and for everything we've done for the over million of jobs. We've seen Canadians create for the 900,000 people, we've lifted out of poverty, there's still much more to do, and my focus is going to be continuing to do that and I really hope that Canadians continue to pull together and I hope the Canadians make the choice to pull together instead of dividing, come Monday. Well. In that spirit, what is the walk? One thing you admire or respect most what enters here. He seems to be a very strong family. Now you appear to be stalled in the polls at the stadium. If you get reelected, it does not appear to be an enthusiastic endorsement of your first four years. Can you tell Canadians what you've learned about being Prime Minister and what you might do differently as far as tone, if you reelect it I'm gonna continue to fight every day for the middle class and for people working hard to join it. We made a decision in 2015 that pushed back against right-wing economists and conservatives who thought that the only way to grow the economy was give tax breaks to the wealthiest we chose instead to invest in families, and we demonstrated that that creates prosperity and growth in which more Canadians can participate. We recognize there's much more to do for all the 900,000 people we've lifted out of poverty. There are more people who need help. There are more indigenous communities to work with to build a brighter future they're more marginalized peoples who still face systemic discrimination and racism every day we know there is much more to do. Now is not the time to turn back, but you took your achievements. Do you also recognize that many people I've disappointed in you? We recognize that we have had and have an extremely ambitious vision for this country, and it takes a lot of hard work and that's exactly what we did over the past four years and we know there's much more to do and that's what we're focused on delivering for Canadians, with a strong mandate across the planet of Canada across the country, to continue fighting climate change, to continue investing in families and in their communities, and to continue to do things like ensuring that every Canadian has access to a family doctor good morning, Jacques cuesta from CBC New Brunswick. The current funding model for the for abortion services under premier Higgs is exactly the same as it was under premier gallant. Why didn't you take on premier gallant at the time we did. We encouraged premier gallant to expand access to abortion services and there were steps made and we're continuing to work with the province and I will continue to defend women right in every single province, in which conservative premiers are challenging to restrict women's rights Stephen from The Daily Gleaner newspaper here in Fredericton now Prime Minister good morning, the Tories are calling for the creation of an energy corridor across the country. Do you think such an energy corridor is feasible? The imposition of pipelines on any part of the country is not a responsible plant that that is the conservative approach. It was a conservative approach that failed for 10 years under Stephen Harper to get our resources to new markets. That's why we created a process that looks at environmental responsibility that works with communities that respect respects indigenous peoples and moves forward in a responsible way, because Stephen Harper couldn't get things done and Andrew Shearer won't get things done, because they don't understand that the only way to build a better future is by protecting the environment and listening to communities at the same time, and who shares plan is to impose pipelines on parts of the country that don't want it. We will work with people to build a better future for us all. Yes,.