And welcome back everyone. Let's take a look at our national and international news and of course it is the morning after the election and Canadians are waking up to a minority government. After what was a very tight race, the Liberals in the end able to cling to power and Justin Trudeau will enter his second term as prime minister from coast to coast to coast tonight. Canadians rejected division and negativity, while Trudeau won his own Montreal riding, but the party fell 13 seats, shy of a majority the Conservatives boosted their seat count on the popular vote. In fact, by a very slim margin, Tory leader, Andrew share predicting the liberal minority will be short-lived. Tonight. Conservatives have put Justin Trudeau on notice and mr. Trudeau, when your government, Falls Conservatives, will be ready and we will win. The NDP's momentum towards the end of campaign did not translate, however, into votes. The party lost just over a dozen seats but under a Liberal minority government. Yes, if you do, the math jug beating could end up holding the balance of power. So here's a look at how the party lines were drawn across the country. The Liberals won one hundred and fifty seven seats. Remember you need 174 majority 13 seats shy. Andrew, Sears Conservatives took 121 the block, making big gains more than tripling their representation with 30s. Here. That was a big surprise. The NDP fell to 24 seats, while the Greens got a boost to 3 and there's one independent held by Jody wilson, ray bulb right with more on the elections, biggest wins losses and the surprises. Yes, we're joined by Global's chief political correspondent, David, akin who's filled only by coffee and a love for politics and numbers and data absolutely great job. Last night thanks very much long night. You know it was a long night. In the end, the polls were more or less. The polls were dead-on in the sense that, in terms of the national popular vote, the Conservatives were like what about a point point and a half better than the Liberals. But the problem is the conservative vote is what was called inefficient and so, for example, there's a there's a few ridings in the middle of Alberta Battle River crowfoot, the two Red Deer ridings, yellow head, where the Conservatives ran up. What is the next best thing to unanimous with like eighty-five percent eighty percent, all those votes were wasted. They only elect one MP in each riding. The Liberals were much more efficient and the big story was in Ontario, where the Ford fear factor, which Trudeau was really hammering away at the end of the campaign Ford and sheer equals cuts. It may not be correct, but it had an effect. The Liberals won nearly 80 seats in Ontario. They won 80 seats in 2015. The Conservatives could not make a dent in the 905, and that was the ballgame, and it's interesting that we haven't heard or really seen, Doug Ford snow. No, we haven't heard from Doug Ford since he's sort of been in witness protection all through the thing, because he's unpopular but the other I mean on the flip side. You know I think Saskatchewan Premier Scot know is very popular. His province, Jason Kenney, the Alberta premier very popular Saskatchewan, the Conservatives ran the table and Scott mode been very active and Ralph Goodale loses his seat absolutely and in Alberta this is conservatives almost round the table that have the New Democrats held one seat there in Manitoba, where the conservative premium there Brian Pallister won an election the day before this one got started again, conservatives doing very well winning some seats in and around Winnipeg. You can drive from the Ontario border to the Pacific Ocean and stay in conservative seats. That's the split I mean that clip we had about Trudeau, though you're rejecting divisiveness. No sorry, Prime Minister there is a divided country. The West is blue, Ontario is pretty much red. Quebec has just elected a bunch of separatists and you're the guy in charge yeah. It definitely highlights the regional divide in this country. We've been down this road before yes, and this country has survived even has survived minority governments. How do you anticipate this unfolding? I? Think I was saying when I was on the show couple of days ago. The number one issue for those who voted- not conservative was climate change and the number one issue for those who voted conservatives was my taxes are too high, followed by deficit, nothing to do with climate change. So there's a bunch of parties who hold the balance of power who think climate change is the most important thing, then health care and then housing. So when Trudeau looks to get the support of some some parties to sustain his government, it's probably going to be moving on those three things. Brad wall was the former Saskatchewan pre member was on our panel last night and he's very worried about the progress of the trans mountain pipeline expansion so be very interesting to see how Justin Trudeau is going to manage proceeding with that project. Liberals said they were in favor of it, but they're partners now in the House of Commons, are not at all in favor. Maybe the block I don't need the bloc care, so there's a pipeline in BC no pipeline in a Quebec. That's gonna be the ball speaking of potential partners, we're referring to in many ways the NDP. So it's interesting because you can claim a victory, but not really because I me was dancing around like they was the best day in their lives. They lost half their seats practically right. So then, and the big, the big player there was Quebec, but how much of a factor could they be in this minority government? Well, given how much because jeongmi's saying, while losing more seats for his party, you know could be really, he could be the play, it could be, he's gonna be the player, and this is the paradox of the way our system works. Is that when Jack Layton won a hundred seats, he was powerless because it was a Harper majority government. He was facing off against so here's a Trudeau Liberal government and with just 20, 24 and 20 odd seats, jugni Singh will hold the balance of power and can perhaps force Trudeau to do some actions. The thing is: there's another partner, the bloc québécois you get them onside, you're, you're, also, okay and the block was much less ideologically. Guided in terms of the markers eight sit down so long as whatever Trudeau does has got to be good for Quebec. So if Trudeau did a national pharmacare program, which a lot of the parties on the Left wanted, there'd have to be the opt-out for Quebec, you just have to give them cash and let them do their own program. Is it fair to say that the Liberals have bought some time, because no one is really in a position or has an appetite for an election. The NDP's really yeah mortgaged their campaign headquarters. Literally, we will see the Conservatives are rich as Croesus, and you know they could probably fund a remember. The the the spending limit was twenty nine million dollars in this election for each major party. The Conservatives probably have that money in about a week all right. We only have a quick second but I want to any leader of the of that group in jeopardy of their job. I, don't think so. The only leader we might see a change is Elizabeth May because she wants to move on she's 65. She was looking maybe to pass a baton. So the greens may be looking for a leader, I think Andrew Shearer holds on Trudeau right he's. The Prime, Minister and Singh ran a good campaign David. We have to leave it there. Thank you so much David akin.