Kids, right across the country may be exposed to dangerous levels of lead when they drink from fountains and taps at their schools and daycares. A year-long investigation by a group of media partners, including Global News, has uncovered provincial data. Suggesting many officials have been aware of the risk, though little has been done about it. In some provinces, like Nova Scotia results of lead testing in schools aren't shared publicly in others, like Alberta, led testing in schools isn't required in part two of our series: Heather York's West reports on a serious health threat that could have lifelong consequences. The filter itself is under here. Katie Gibbs has taken up a caution to ensure her young son isn't exposed to lead when he drinks water from the tap at home. She had no idea the toxin had been found in the water at his daycare. Parents should at least know these things when they're sending their kids to school or daycare and be aware of it. In the last two years, provincial testing in Ontario has revealed 2,400 schools and daycares have more lead in their water than what Health Canada considers safe. The information is available online, but the results are often not proactively communicated with students and parents. Last summer, almost half of the samples taken at this Toronto Area High School exceeded federal guidelines. One sample was 28 times over the limit. This former student says she was never told about the risk know if I was made aware. I would have never touched the water at that water, fountains still Ontario, students and parents have access to more information than most no other province, mandates the water at schools and daycares be tested for. Let well lead me if you, if you tested these schools and daycares that did not test you. You would be horrified of what you find and it's simply unacceptable to keep allowing that irreparable harm that unnecessary LED exposure to continue for young children. That exposure can lead to permanent and irreversible health problems. It is a potent irreversible, neuro toxin. It attacks, really everybody, but the most vulnerable to let exposure are developing children because of their developing brains. Other provinces have done some led testing and daycares in schools, though much of that information has not been made public in Alberta. We obtained several test results showing that tap water in many schools and daycares was not safe. The Calgary Catholic school district was one of two divisions of the province to test its taps. It found high levels in about one quarter of their 86 schools. Danika Marshall has two sons attending two different schools. Only one of those schools has been tested for that. Just to know that there could be that problem that could be affecting them. It really is scary that it's not legislated across the country. Alberta health officials appear to agree. Internal documents obtained by Global News reveal public servants have been recommending the province take action for years. A 2018 memo sent to a high-ranking health official notes that Alberta's chief medical officer urged the government to focus on the risk of lead exposure in daycares and schools, its negligence - on the part of this province. To let this continue to be ignored. In response to this investigation, the Quebec government has promised immediate change. The Education Ministry says they hope to test all school taps within a few months. Well, Quebec family Minister revealed last week. The government will pay for all daycares to be tested as well, though, that will do little to ease the concerns of parents and other provinces where testing is still not required. Heather, your ex West Global News Calgary.