So we need to have a real discussion on immigration. We need to have a real discussion. Also on balancing the budget. We're the only party was ready to balance a budget in two years and we'll do that, because we'd be able to cut foreign aid. Yes, our country must be there to help other countries when they have a humanitarian crisis or also an environmental disaster. But it is not the role of the government to give 2.3 billion dollars to African countries to fight climate change. We need to bring back that money here in Canada. That's why the name of our bodies of people party, we are putting people first Canadian first, and we have board reform that will help us to balance the budget. Why it's so important to balance the budget, because it is not fair for the future generation right now they will have to pay, they will have to pay these huge deficit and they won't receive any services so to be responsible. We need to balance the budget and we'll do that in two years and after that we'll be able to lower taxes to every Canadian. We will give them, they will save thirty five billion dollars a year with our tax reform and that's important. It's it's a ball reform and all together, I think we'll be able to have a freer and a more prosperous country. We need to do this reform. We need to be able to speak to Canadians about the real changes, the real reforms than we must do in this country. Speaking about reform, we want to help Canadian families and we want them to save 338 dollars a year by abolishing the cartel in the dairy, poultry and milk were the only party with happiness that has a strong position of that. It would be fair for everybody, and also you know: Canadian won't pay twice, that they are paying right now for meal poor to be a meal and AIDS, they will save a lot of money. It would be fair also for these producers, because they would be able to export their products in other countries. Now they cannot with that system. This Supply Management cartel. So all our policies, if you look our policies, are very different than the earlier political parties and if you believe, in freedom in free market, if you believe in in people that's the People's Party of Canada. We are there to be sure that we'll have a bright future in this country and, as you know, we are paying now twenty six billion dollars only on the interest on our death. We need to stop that. Imagine what we can do with twenty six billion dollars a year. So that's why it's important to balance the budget and I'm saying to Canadians look at the and Russia R and the Liberals look at their platform. You know a life competition, you look at our platform and their platform and Russia is saying you know it will give you a tax rate over there, another tax rate over there. For us, we don't do any pandering what we're doing right now. It's based on what we believe and we don't do any compromise with our principle. That's very important and that's why we're doing politics differently. We don't try to pander to a province or to a region in this country. We don't try to pander to a special interest. Group I'll, give you another example: pipelines pipelines it's very important for the future of our country and for the unity of our country. As you know, 25 percent of our Berton are saying that they're looking for a separation I, don't like that as a Canadian, we must be united and the only way to be sure that you know would be able to build pipelines in this country, and the only way to do that is to use the Constitution section, 92 10, where the only party with a strong platform on that. We know that it's safer to transport, all that gas by pipeline than by trains it's safer for the environment, but also for the population for Canadians. So let's have a real discussion about all the issues that are important for this country and you can count on us. You can call that the default to us and our candidates all across the country and our candidates also will debate with the other candidates in their writing in their region. That's important and I hope that personally I'll be able to debate with Justin, Trudeau and intuition, and the other leaders I'm ready for that very ready for that. We're waiting for the final decision by mr. Johnston next Monday and I hope and I'm pretty optimistic. That will be there because without us it won't be a real debate. There are about the same on a lot of policies, so it's important and I'm. Looking at this campaign, I think we will will make a huge surprise. The 21st of October, so I want to thank you very much for your attention and now we'll switch a little bit in French for Miss Amy francophone sweet, resolute that he C naught mu avec nous can't dodge a fake, a bang yeah, a long-term Magnolia campaign elastic like a panda, be sweet reserve. Atresia, conserve on puberty renewal party, political Canada, oppressor man on SMO user Nevada can start to leak. Until can you Canada a new control point from a prayer in Soper? A debate is a reality: Canadian commissions act, 11, Agra, karynda's, pasanda population, V mode immigration, issue, Canada, well-deserved immigration, people only SLP initial party. Of course, ecology. We set important of a party. Are people able to prosper, only sell parts, equivocal images, a Kannada solution quickly, bring VJ deusa today's otra parte de parler de passe de passe, a on Alibaba a cleaner prosperity, c'est pas de pasa, conventional economic Maputo, original of jauntily Portugal's Eskimo fire avec, notre - fiscal hooliganism. Economist a trance and myriad are apparently a problem. Killing BBJ is an array for me episode apart screen moves on Jerry. We seek only kappa de partir, the people in the Sibylla a support. Secondly, prayer to their constitution. Logical event, with this kid on the refrain, responsibility, organ a federal doctor busy that will leave people in issue, canada see their port on the felons on the city formula. We will see of the travail e polygamy, Canadian of Epiphany Canadian, economist wasa can't meet well, apparently honorable, sorry, captain delicious to blow flow capital. The repair the German economy see he survived. Reform ki Akita business for tuna can Paulie projectile Rajasthan blood in poetry is poetry, young Volkswagen, bad export, asleep at Villa, dr. al alamin, Don Giovanni in perform every monster on Days of epoxy viscose, demonic, energy. Regarding news alone, certain ma8 repressor is a sweater President Donald Ibanez. You know you certainly decision to come mr. Johnston, no, it's crochet miss cribbage, their canoe Canada, now, truly karate Von, D battle, even par leading researcher, never associate a population beyond town Kearney, Part, C, review party political establishment is a party no never but Scotty. This reject some toll. Papa believe me do not repeat mercy.