So what I was saying it's my third trip in in Africa and three months, I've been in Mali I've, been in Morocco I've, been to Egypt at the s1 forum, so I think it's important here. Today we met a number of African leader at the Mauritius Madagascar, it's important for Canada to be at the African Union summit. We talked about climate change. We thought about offering a feminist foreign policy talk about things that matter multilateralism, bringing that positive voice that Canada can bring to the world as a country which is part of g7 g20 NATO, the Commonwealth a francophone is so a lot of good discussion. How can we bring the voice of Africa to the UN Security? Council I also want to provide you an update. I spoke yesterday, the group's CEO of Allen America. Mr. Cruz, we had a discussion of about 40 minutes. I wanted to make sure that all in America is doing everything on the diamond princess, which is in the port. In Japan we have 255 Canadians, which are currently in quarantine. We have seven Canadians who have tested positive for the corner virus and I wanted to make sure that we were all linked up making sure that we're there for the families for the people who are there and before I came to see you I learned that the plane which is gonna be packed, create the second Canadian plane has just left Trenton on its way, obviously to Asia, as we said, we would bring back Canadians. The plane would be leaving on the 10th of February, bringing back the last group of Canadians in one wants to be repatriated on the 11 so happy to take your question, obviously in French or in English. Well, you know every leader that you speak to as a positive inclinations towards Canada I, think they sink, and that that constructive voice, what I call the transatlantic voice and they want to make sure that the voice of Africa is represented and and they think that Canada embodies a lot of the weather. We talk about governance without it we talk about. You are feminists, foreign policy. You know Africa is going to be where half of the world population will be in 2050 more than five billion people, so the youth of the world is here in Africa, and the voice of Canada is inspiring. So what we've heard from leaders is that certainly did welcome Canada on the Security Council and obviously we have been seeking their support, but my inclination, or what I saw from them was this inclination to say yes, Canada can be the voice of Africa on the Security Council and and embodies some of the same principle: the same values about climate change, multilateralism, economic security that we need. You know here in Africa, so far, I must say what I've heard from African leaders is that they certainly welcome Canada on the Security Council I think it embodies the type of leadership they'd like to see more in the world. So what I was saying is that what I hear from African leader is that why Canada is because Canada would be that voice, that they want a progressive country, a transatlantic country which which embodies some of the same values, around values, principled governance? They want a country which which understand as well some of the big challenges and can speak about it, and they certainly want to see a country, the transatlantic country. That I said which they'd like to see on the Security Council, because Canada embodies that we're a positive leadership by the Prime Minister and what really Canadians are around the world. The Africans want the Canadian, oh sorry, okay, so I apologize, so well. I think you know the UN Security Council is is the biggest stable you can have around the world. You know that's where Canada made a difference. If you go back in history, that's where we had, for example, the land mine treaty, where Canada can bring things to the table because there's a rotating presidency for those watching us at home. So when you have the presidency for two weeks, it allows you to bring things to the Security, Council and I. Think it also favored a lot of discussion with the permanent members, whether it's China Russia, the United States, the United, Kingdom or France. So it makes you certainly at the big table where you can bring your shoes that matters to the world and matters not only to African, but I would say to liberal democracies in the world. Well, I think whenever you speak to people you bring something forward. You know I'm one who believes. Fundamentally, the dialogue is the own way to bring things closer, whether you talk about China with respect to the to Michaels and and I've, been very clear that what we're dealing with the coronavirus with with the Chinese Authority, that the foremost priority is to bring the Michaels back home every time. I have a chance to talk to my Chinese counterpart every time, there's a dialogue. Obviously we bring that issue and I. Think the more you talk, the more you can certainly try to build a bridge that is needed in order to strengthen or to restore relationship. When it comes to Iran. You know, I judge them by their action step by step. That's what I've said to the Iranian. Obviously one of the issue we have is the black boxes you may have seen. I've have been clear to the Iranian. Now it's more than 30 days since the crash. There comes a time where you need to come to terms and say you know what I think they've understood from the different Civil Aviation Authority in the world, that the type of equipment and expertise you need to read. The block's box cannot be brought to Iran. So the solution in front of all of us, whether it's the world community on the international response and coordination group, is to send these black boxes without delay to Paris, which has all the equipment and I've said. The the the best antidote to conspiracy is transparency and I've said that to my Iranian counterpart and I will restate that message when I meet him. Obviously, next you'd be you'd, be surprised, you'd, be surprised, I think. Obviously it's it's a confidential vote, but I would say and just look at what happened. I met my Indian counterpart at the g20 and I think, 20 days after he came on a ballot or visit to Canada and I must say. Since then we had very good contact. I. Think and II understand that it'd be good for us to work together on the United Nations Security Council, that that there's a number of issues which we would like to progress together and that we have been talking already. What could we bring to the United States Security Council, the United Nation Security Council's? Obviously it's for them to make a choice, but I think that they understand what Canada can bring to the table good well before I left Canada I made sure that two-thirds of our Canadians were well. You know we're in Trenton and and well taken care of I made the same thing. I just looked before, I came to see you with the CEO of the logistics company. You know me by now so I know exactly where the plane is the second plane to bring the Canadians back home and before I left yesterday, I spoke to the CEO of Alan America to make sure that we would provide all the necessary facilities to the people who are on the ship in in in Japan. So you know in my job. You have to make sure that we provide all the consular assistance deal with the emergency, but also think about the long-term, so it's managing both the the long-term strategic interest of Canada, while at the same time ensuring -. Obviously, whatever crisis is present and I think we're doing boat at the same time and I think that's what Canadians would expect from me. Let me be I'll, be very clear with you when I spoke last to my Iranian counterpart, there's always three things on the table. When we started was about consular assistance, there was five things always on the agenda. The first was obviously when we started consular assistance, and the second thing was the repatriation of remains. These two obviously are now completed. The third thing was obviously the black box, since they won obviously to read the black box in accordance with an extra team. The second thing is, the fourth thing, I would say, is the criminal investigation, because we said we want to bring closer justice transparency, the families the world have a lot of questions about who has committed that crime and- and we want to understand who in the chain of command, would be responsible. But the fifth and very important point we had with the families was compensation. Both the statutory compensation from the airlines and I spoke to the CEO of Ukrainian Airlines, but also the state compensation that will be due by Iran and in my last discussion with the Iranian Foreign Minister, they have appointed someone specifically to start a negotiation with the international coordination and response group. We want compensation to go to their family as quickly as possible and that's something that I will bring again in our next meeting. Well, I think whenever you speak to people you you bring something forward, you know I'm, one who believes. Fundamentally, the dialogue is the only way to bring things closer, whether you talk about China with respect to the to Michael and I've, been very clear that what we're dealing with the coronavirus with with the Chinese Authority, that the foremost priority is to bring the Michaels back home every time. I have a chance to talk to my Chinese counterpart every time, there's a dialogue. Obviously we bring that issue and I. Think the more you talk, the more you can certainly try to build a bridge that is needed in order to strengthen or to restore relationship. When it comes to Iran. You know, I judge them by their action step by step. That's what I've said to the Iranian. Obviously one of the issue we have is the black boxes. You may have seen I've been clear to the Iranian. Now it's more than 30 days since the crash. There comes a time where you need to come to terms and say you know what I think they've understood from the different Civil Aviation Authority in the world, that the type of equipment and expertise you need to read. The block's box cannot be brought to Iran, so the solution in front of all of us, whether it's the world community on the international response and coordination group, is to send these black boxes without delay to Paris, which has all the equipment and I've said the the the best antidote to conspiracy. Its transparency and I've said that to my Iranian counterpart and I will restate that message when I meet him. Obviously, next it's gonna be a pretty full plane. So I don't have the exact number bear with me, because the manifest is being finalized as we speak, so I don't have the count, but it's certainly gonna be it's gonna, be a full plane.