With the healthcare system itself falling ill people in Spring, Hill, Nova Scotia are feeling the symptoms. Frequent closures in the local emergency department are stretching the drive for emergency care from two minutes to another hospital 20 minutes away. Sometimes, if you can't get into Amherst, then you go to sack full of Brunswick and it just somebody could be really sick and lose their life. In the meantime, closures are becoming a normal part of community announcements. Spring Hills, All Saint's emergency room will be closed. Tuesday to Thursday 8:00 a.m. a p.m. on going doctor shortages are given as the reason for the rash of closings too few doctors in the part of Canada with the oldest population health care advocates, say these gaps in emergency service undermine the principle of universal access. They say the effects go far beyond this region. I think it's critical that the rest of the country look at Nova, Scotia, look at the Atlantic provinces and see the problems that we're facing to be able to better plan for this aging population. Everyone should take note. I mean we are a smaller part of Canada, but this is the canary. In the coal mine, everyone except the Nova Scotia government, says there's a healthcare crisis and it's given rise to desperate tactics from this online fundraiser for long-term care beds, - one chamber of commerce trying to lure medical specialists to Nova Scotia with the promise of free lobster. But there are conflicting messages. This doctor, whose own health issue forced him to shut down his family practice, tells potential recruits to think twice because Nova Scotia doctors are paid less than in other provinces and are taxed higher ethically shouldn't I, send in Alberta Ontario, BC and I've done that I've actually sat down and talked to them and say: here's where you should be Nova Scotia. It's not a future for you Ross. When do you think people in this region can see some improvement in their access to medical care, that's hard to say because the Nova Scotia Health Authority says the worst is over, but there's no official estimate. It says it has had success in recruiting more doctors and in spending emergency care dollars more wisely, but there's a growing urgency, because over 36 emergency departments in this province have been closed at various times in recent months. Incredible Ross, Lord thanks! Thank you.