You've probably heard the term gerrymandering it's when political parties intentionally manipulate electoral districts in their favor, it's common practice in the US, but does it happen in Canada and for that matter, how are canadian districts determined? We really don't have the same gerrymandering problem that they have in the United States. One reason is that electoral districts in the United States are largely drawn up by state legislatures by politicians in Canada redistricting happens as soon as possible. After the ten year census, the last redistricting was completed two years after the 2011 census. Those new boundaries were in place for the 2015 federal election. The work of determining federal ridings is done by ten independent commissions, one for each province. The members are appointed and can't be politicians or belong to the Civil Service. This is Pauline Benj. She teaches Canadian politics and elections at the University of Toronto. The appointment process, I, would say, is opaque, so we don't know what the person's qualifications are or whether they have even any party affiliation. There is no Commission for the Yukon Northwest, Territories or Nunavut, since each territory has only a single electoral district. At the moment there are 338 Federal ridings as the most populous province. Ontario holds the largest number of ridings commissioners determine what size a riding should be by divvying up the population into equal sized chunks. That number is the electoral quotient, the number of voters in each riding if all ridings are of equal size. As of the last redistricting, that number was 111 thousand one hundred and sixty six. There are also some special rules in place. First, each province has to have at least as many seats in the house as it has in the Senate. So what happens with Prince Edward Island? It's got four seats in the Senate, and so no matter what Prince, Edward Island is getting four seats in the House of Commons. Remember Pei, is entire population is, is about the quotient of a hundred and eleven thousand people. Second, each province has to have at least as many seats in the house as it had in 1985 those rules, plus the rapid population growth in the West compared to Atlantic Canada mean politicians need more votes to win a seat in Western Canada. The situation of under-representation of Alberta, particularly, is, has been a long festering sore if it has electoral districts running well over a hundred thousand and some provinces have an average electoral district number of about 75,000. It's hard to disagree. That Alberta has a legitimate beef if it feels like certain politicians have a leg up in certain ridings. It's because of something called community of interest, which groups together like minded voters. Many Canadians still do have questions about whether is there is fudging of the electoral districts and the answer is yeah. There is some reason for that, because the Electoral Commission of the province can decide not just based on change of population, but also what is termed community of interest. Let's say there are five or ten streets very closely packed and those people consider themselves a community call it bluer village blur west village, then there's then there needs to be a good reason to break that up the next ten years. Census is due in May 2021. After that, it's back to the drawing board.