Yeah you you in one term and admits that liberals foresee deficits and higher debt every year forever. That's right! Far from their original promise of balancing the budget. This year, Trudeau now says: Canada will literally go on adding debt every year forever. Now the 56 billion dollars in new promises that he makes do not even include the extra 15 billion dollars in annual costs for his promised pharmacare plan, a number that I take from his own liberal, pharmacare czar. This is Justin Trudeau's credit card campaign he's putting 56 billion dollars of new promises on the national credit card before the election and then sending working-class taxpayers the bill after the election when he no longer needs their votes but still needs their money. This is right at a Kathleen, Wynne's playbook. We all remember her old trick where she would promise the world before an election and then lie about her plans to raise taxes after the election. What will happen if Trudeau is reelected? A 31:31 sent a leader gas tax, thousands of dollars in new, no new taxes for home heating, higher grocery bills, higher income taxes and maybe they'll actually implement that policy proposal which Trudeau's top housing adviser put in writing and called a proposal to tax the increased value of Canadians homes. In fact, the platform promises vaguely promises, unspecified tax increases of an annual amount of three billion dollars a year. What will those be remember the last time he did this. He said parents were too rich, so they needed to lose their children's fitness tax students were too rich, so they needed to lose tax credits for education and textbooks. Bus passengers were too rich and they needed to lose their transit tax credits so watch other tax breaks for working-class people and seniors. Would he take today? Would he take away to raise that three billion dollars of revenue? Would he end the exemption on gap? Capital gains tax for the rise in people's home values? Would he increase gas taxes even more than he's already admitted? Would he hike the GST? He won't say so. Canadians are left guessing Trudeau will Institute massive new tax increases to fund this irresponsible and costly platform. He expects Canadians to believe that money falls out of the sky or grows on trees, but we know it only comes from one place out of the pockets of the hard-working people who get up every day and put in a hard day's work. He is trust. Justin Trudeau is coming for their money. Merci beaucoup de tribunal, Adri Adri Justin Trudeau Iowa morale agitate an ultra sound meow da da la and Odette Nacional dancin Salman de Irabu OC Caleb non-liberal as you today. The dead are not dead national shock any poo to rule upon me. Second, sis Melia da da la on promise electoral asunder come from Mempa la canes me da da da la necessary for some promo electoral desert, a and plow the medic Emma cessation campaign. The Caltech ready yo me will premier De Palma the the palace in phnom illa met sulla catholic ready valdez election. L is Ignacio Alberta, see on the tax cerebra a pedestal; XL godhood, oh, not previous waned about Revit MEP to show besoin de votre Salam on approach, caliber hope, an Tilton rabu Oh si vous avec Montell attacks de to Amidala, an aluminum tech, deck, ready tempo McHale, Lake l, dot, sill, eliminate Leonie, avoid eliminate accrediting police pardon faux pas de passage, a transparent, commune, poor decision, a yacht, Akeno petit des moines, a trapeze Kel's attack control is entrepreneur. Listen a a litera, our battle fire pour Pallavi set WA Millia dah dah dah dah Garrett, a cyclic energy pero. Se passe promised electrologist n todo. Se promised Cutrer Delos on special the same PO, crucial potato ntps preserve a a salon document liberated intact solar motifs on Deborah David Meza lickin, a jean de Papa support a liquor kudo honor. Today, sir male conservator por nada levy, freezable dab on men on Google monkey vision on same way. He less than tosh number posh Cooper met the Boozer on say only the Conservatives will lead a government that lives within its means leaves more in your pocket and lets you get ahead. Only the Conservatives will deliver a universal tax cut, lowering every single taxpayers bill at tax time, on average by eight hundred and fifty dollars a family. Only the Conservatives will get rid of the carbon tax to lower gas and grocery prices and take GST off home heat. Only the Conservatives have a plan to leave more money in your pocket to let you get ahead. Thank you very much. I about your questions. I mean sir Polly Ava, not surprisingly, you're critical of this, but we've seen an independent analysis done by the Institute for Fiscal Studies and democracy at the University of Ottawa's to hear Khan and Kevin page people who know government spending quite well and they've said the Liberals plan. The deficits are modest and this spending is sustainable. How do you respond to their analysis versus yours? Well, Trudeau had all the same kinds of tricks up his sleeve last time when he promised a balanced budget in 2019, and yet here we are with a deficit over twenty billion dollars a year and that's after raising taxes on the average Canadian family. By about $800. We know that you cannot spend fifty six billion dollars and expect that no one will have to pay for it. Money is real, it doesn't grow on trees and, if Trudeau is re-elected, there will be massive tax increases to pay for all of this. Mr. Polly I've, just Ralph Goodale, was asked about this today. He justified to spending saying that times are uncertain and that the the the spendings needed for jobs and an investment in the economy. What's your response to that? Well, last time they promised a balanced budget in 2019, and here we are 20 19, 20 billion dollar deficit. They lied before the last election about their deficits and they're lying now about their plans to raise taxes in this campaign, Canadians will pay a massive tax increase as the price of reelecting Justin Trudeau. Everyday ordinary people at their homes know very well that he that Justin Trudeau cannot deliver another 56 billion dollars of spending without raising taxes to pay for it. That is exactly what will happen and if he were honest, he would admit that now your party pledged before the election that you bailed a balanced budget in five years, given what you've promised so far. Is that still the target I know you haven't really got a lot for him accosting, but five years, yes, you mentioned camping off the top. So today one of their new announcements was 50 million a year for gangs and gun strategy, but they're spending more on the camping programs that they announced. So in terms of priorities, what do you make of that choice? I think that --mess whole promised to pay people two thousand dollars to go camping. It's probably the only policy Justin ever ever thought on his own, and it illustrates how ridiculous a leader he is: it's not just $2,000 to pay people to go camping, it's 35 billion dollars for a new infrastructure bank that will bail out construction companies. It is billions for corporate welfare. It is writing off loans to to the Irving family and free fridges for Loblaws. He is frivolously spraying money in all directions uncontrollably and he will stick Canadians with the bill after the election. Right to your question, though, it shows that Trudeau's priorities are backwards, that he would spend more paying people to go camping than he would keeping our streets safe. Your thoughts on your leader over the years has talked about being a licensed insurance salesman and it turns out he did not have a license. So is that misrepresenting his past? He is an accredited. He was one while working in the industry and accredited insurance broker, and we think that we know that people do work without accreditation in that field and that's a totally legitimate way to earn one's license in the future turned out. He was elected to Parliament before he ultimately earned the license, but he did work as an accredited insurance, representative and I think that's speaks for itself. There's three promises in this platform with no costing far mcfar macare flood insurance and guarantee income for those who don't qualify for UI. Can I get your reaction to that. First of all, you're quite right. Some media have been wrongly reporting that this is a fully costed platform. This is not a fully costed platform. The biggest item, of course, is the pharma care which dr. Hoskins, a former Liberal Minister appointed by Justin Trudeau to oversee the creation of a Pharma care plan said, would cost a fifteen billion dollar price tag. Other estimates are much higher. The parliamentary budget officers estimates range from 20 billion in an earlier report to 30 billion in his recent costing of the plan of Elizabeth May. So you are quite right. The 56 billion dollars that Justin Trudeau promised in spending today does not even include full costing of many of the other measures that he has not put numbers to already. In other words, there will be a massive sticker shock to Canadians if they react Trudeau, as taxes will go through the roof to pay for these unaffordable and in some cases uncaused it promises hi. Mr. Paul II have the the first debate of the full debate with everyone participating in the campaign's happening this week. Well, the Conservatives have their platform out before that, and if not, will we have it out before the Commission debates next week we will. We will have our platform out well in time for Canadians to analyze it. It will be a fully. It will be a fully costed platform. We are giving all the measures we have given all the measures in the platform to the Parliamentary Budget Officer, who has calculated them. That platform will balance the budget within five years. It will lower taxes for everyone on their first $47,000. A universal tax cut will reestablish tax credits for kids, sports and arts, transit and other measures. It will lower taxes for small business people, and it will do so with numbers that add up and protect our balance sheets, so that our social programs and our taxpayers are secure for generations to come, but the TV ought to be. For example, leave is Wednesday night, will it be out prior to that, will will that be there to put that debate on equal footing of platform? Release between the committee will have it out in due course. We will have a costed complete platform out in due course that will allow you, our opponents and all Canadians, to scrutinize it well before the election to follow up on the PBO thing, where you said all the promises are gonna be costed by the ppl core and the Conservatives. So the Liberals is, you know they have said they were only costing their big-ticket items, and their explanation today was that the PBO gives parties an allotted amount of time and they used up all of their PBO time, and so that's why some were profit costed by the PBO and others like revenue from trans mountain, for instance, has not costed. So does that make any sense to you? What's your understanding? The process know with the Parliamentary Budget Officer had two indicated tests that he was prepare to cost all of our proposals. So there's two explanations: one Trudeau is promising so much that not even an army of economists could possibly find time to price out. All of the costs associated with those promises or to Trudeau is covering up the true cost of numerous of his measures in order to hide from Canadians his real plan to raise taxes after the election. So you think he might be sitting on and safer. The pharmacare wonders oh yeah. Well, there's no doubt the farmer care plan will cost fifteen billion dollars according to dot liberal former minister, dr. Hoskins and mr. Trudeau does not put that anywhere. I defy anyone to go through the platform and find where he is included that 15 billion dollar cost. You know the only way he'll be able to pay for that is through higher taxes to get raise, 15 billion dollars. Trudeau would have to increase the GST by two points. He should come out now and admit: that's what he's going to do, rather than hiding it until after the election. Okay, thank you. You.