Everybody No this thing generated yeah good afternoon. Everyone yeah, first of all, I want to say that my heart goes out to all those who are impacted by the storms here. In effect, I want to thank all the emergency responders who are working so hard to clean up after the storm and get people back into their homes. I made a personal donation to the Red Cross's relief efforts and I would encourage others to contribute what they can as well. Throughout the course of this election, our conservative team has laid out a clear plan to put more money in your pockets so that you and your family can get ahead. A plan to scrap the carbon tax and lower the cost of gas groceries and whole community to introduce the universal tax cut, to save a couple, making average salaries eight hundred and fifty dollars per year to take the GST off home heating bills, to make maternity benefits tax-free to increase the aged credit for our seniors to boost the RESP. So you can get more for your kids education and to introduce new tax credits for children's sports arts and learning programs. Public transit and green home renovations, our plan will put thousands of dollars back into people's pockets right now. Our plan is still only a plan until we put it into action and there's no time to lose. Canadians are falling further and further behind and they can't wait any longer for relief and that's why today I'm pleased to announce that is part of our 100 day action plan, a new Conservative government will convene Parliament as soon as possible to table the get ahead. Fiscal update, I will direct. My new finance minister table is obtained within 45 days of forming government, say precautious. Recon told that our sailors with me, Gaddafi cavalry, didn't work no taxi on the Sun Prudential in Nouveau Granada conservator, like overkill the polymer a present, a researcher economic crews. Divino today ordered a name among Nouveau minister different phenols. The presentation missus rule that I cannot say premiered to Google on the get ahead. Fiscal update will implement four key money: saving measures. They are platform the green home renovation, tax credit, putting up to thirty eight hundred dollars back in the pockets of families, make green palma treatments, the children's fitness tax credit, allowing parents to claim up to a thousand dollars for sports activities, the children's art in learning tax credit, letting parents claim up to five hundred dollars for arts and learning programs and the green public transit tax credit saving, a family of four who take transit up to one thousand dollars by competing parliament quickly. At doing this right away, we will make sure it needs to benefit from these measures. Starting January. 1St 2020 will also use the get ahead. Fiscal update to finally open the books on Trudeau's budget miss shine a light on his historic fiscal mismanagement and competence. Canadians deserve accountability and under a new Conservative government's, exactly what they will get looser democracy. Please allow me, sir Jeremy no juice, no profit, farewell Emir, so the gosh. You know some of a suggestion. It's only confidence, Jenny the fields, the Kennedy La Cala, again very definitive. A suitable woman among conservative City, exact amount of sick leave all at walk four years ago, just eternal said a lot of makes words. It made a lot of big promises to get elected. He promised you would provide relief for the middle class only to increase taxes on eighty percent of middle class families. He promised the budget we balance itself by it this year only to pile on billions of new debt. With no end in sight, you promised you would run an open and transparent government only to cook up a backroom deal with SNC level of lobbyists, meddle in a criminal prosecution and then abused his powers to cover up this corruption. After four years of this kind of image that Canadians are right to demand some serious accountability, Canadians need a government that will help them get ahead and they need it right now. Over the past four years, Canadians have found themselves worked harder than ever and just not getting ahead. Their taxes are higher, their bills are bigger, the cost of living is on the rise. Justin Trudeau wants to make life even more expensive, and still he wants you to pay more, to fill up your car to heat your home and to put food on the table. He wants to keep sending your hard-earned tax dollars to relatively well-off countries that don't need it and corrupt regimes that don't deserve it. He wants to keep sending corporate welfare checks to billion-dollar corporations. He thinks your money belongs to them and now is even leaving the door open to a coalition government with the NDP in a desperate attempt to cling to power, a coalition that will lead to even higher taxes, less jobs, more deficits and bigger household bills. It's the coalition, Canadians can't afford Justin Trudeau will pay any price to stay in power and he will use your money to pay for it. So my message to aliens is this: only a conservative majority government and prevent a government with Justin Trudeau as the spokesman, but the NDP calling the shots. The choice is clear: it's between a Trudeau NDP coalition that will drive up taxes, drive out jobs and cost you thousands of dollars more over here and a new conservative majority government that will lower your taxes and put more money in your pockets. It's between a true NDP coalition that will chase away your best early and put thousands of Canadians out of work and a new conservative majority government that will live within its means, so we can make life more affordable. It's between a Trudeau NDP coalition that will send the carbon tax through the roof and a new conservative majority of government that has a plan to help you get ahead right out of the gates, the schwab don't Clara, say entrepreneur. They see others things with over lmpd, even more theories. They know eliminate example. It will create the million dollar shackling, a new drama, conservator major retail, give a big sale example: a metronome double posh, Sinatra policy, understated availability- he fell, fear fear they say: West is no. It caused a taper talk for massive, a conservative measure idea given even epsilon same way, a fart will that be through our down if they automatically see on which they to know a red video give a comment: a massive mouth attacks to October in government conservative majority can trump or boobs a day dating America our get ahead. Fiscal update will put more money back in your pockets by January 1st and deliver the transparency you expect from their government there's no time to lose. It's all part, my 100 day action plan and a key part of our top commitment to put more money back in your pocket. So you can. Finally, thank you very much and if not, why is coalition such a dirty word so answer the first question, no and I believe he needs now have a crystal clear choice between a Trudeau NDP coalition that will raise taxes, run endless deficits and make life more expensive and a Conservative government majority guard that will live within its means. Lower taxes put money more money back in their pockets and in a minority government situation and well with the first like who would be willing to work with well, as I said right now, it's very clear: adjustable pay any price to stay in power, and you will use your money to pay for it. We are asking Canadians for a mandate to implement our agenda. We are outlining the next few days exactly what our first 100 days will look like, and that is what we are committed to following through, but I was taken to the ofl, Newport quad or ha stay on the WA, a CLE, the paid news of our town for the premiere songs rule you, someone claim the proposition company can be a kid again. Of course, you'll be the programming in foolish young foolish things below then today, cotillion again crucial augment an example to a later on plot. It on will be crucial at all so silly schwa and not sixteen schwa, distinct portability in Goodman conservator measuring here you got eliminated the deficit. Acl is a more modular beam to a parabola who are Monty, listen for a comfort in correlation Kiba augment a little Rhonda if you share each way later, national, this city of many parts of Manitoba, the state of emergency. Well, obviously, our hearts and best wishes go out to first responders and officials who are working to clean up from the storm, and we certainly hope that people are able to return to their home as quickly as possible. Mayor Julie me a big donkey. Sorry I fell so far or clearly problem, because if the tone that day and there's a spare, they jump, there were too many other means of seto capacity doesn't last in many ways the people who in evacuate almost told us that who you should be dealing with the crisis instead of coming here to campaign. What do you see those people who say it's tone-deaf? You could be there at this time. Well, you know, as I said, we're sending out there. Obviously, we want to send our best wishes in our manner. Our hearts go out to those who are affected by the storm certainly wish all those who are dealings as well, and we've made I've made a personal donation to highlight the fact that the Red Cross is providing much-needed relief and support, and we certainly don't want to disrupt anything that they're doing. But do we want to support their very important work that they're doing they are very generously assuming ADA on top I? Could polish man they say the existence on several families of the balconies were asked to check over their hotel today, because another big perk was coming with this group that they're talking about an order, conservative campaign and did you give any consideration to delay in today's event, given the fact that there are so many people so answered the first question? No, and obviously we want I, want to highlight the important work of the Red Cross's doing to help with those families who are affected by the storm and certainly don't want to construct a the good work that they are doing but wanted to highlight the work you're doing by making donations. Are there any other people who do the same? A liberal candidate is posting ads with images of semi-automatic weapons and a claim that you will repeal gun control measures. If elected. We want to get your reaction to all that happen, circulating online and would you repeal candidate. So it's no surprise that liberals spread this entire spreading misinformation. They've been doing that even before the campaign that was started, I've been very clear, with Canadians a Conservative government ensure that our firearms laws go after gang members. For those people who traffic in illegal firearms, we will maintain the robust regime around classifications. Of many many firearms are prohibited cat. That will continue, but it is again it's easy and lazy government to go after law-abiding people. It's to force law-abiding people to follow more laws. It is very easy to do it's harder to go after gang members and firearms traffickers. Liberals aren't prepared to do the hard work. We are that's why our plan tackles target's gang members in illegal firearms. So let me be very clear on this. What we have in front of games right now is Justin Trudeau being the showing comedians. If you will pay any price to stay in power, he will form a coalition with the NDP, which means higher taxes. Less money in your pockets run away endless deficits for years and years and years or a Conservative government that will live within its means and focus on making life hard. For me, that is the choice. It is quite clear that he is so desperate to cling to power that he is now going to form a coalition with the MEP. We are putting forward our platform to Cannes we're asking for a mandate for majority governance that we can implement. Ecology, say cleric admit no, because she stands a little back. They had me pourquoi for gestion who severed ear and chorus. Young men are back. They pitted severely deficits, something they saw staple a the schwa eclair Meno, a de mando. They can improve on that measure again a lot compared a Grimaldi advisor I would we would not government, we would not enter into any type of negotiations with the block. I. Don't need to work with the bloc québécois to deliver results for their back. I can work with the premier. We go to do that. She did walk back. I may have a cubicle Ayatollah as you about today, and I can see the glue one way they Basel down. Putting chemical I came across. You say how big of donation you may need to the Red Cross today and other than that donation. Is there anything that you add to your schedule today to either assist helping settle a bag? You ease or assist with the cleanest? Where did you keys? Your skin will remaining the same as it was with the plan to come here. So the it was a personal donation and we don't want to disrupt the work with the Red Cross and other relief agencies are doing. We want to highlight the work they're doing in supportive. Okay. So, if you can answer the dollar amount that need also, there are thousands of people right now do not know where they're going to sleep tonight. Why do you think it's appropriate to come to their city at this time, while it's in a state of emergency to ask for their votes? Well, as I said, you know, we're certainly sitting here are our best wishes. Our hearts are going out to those people who are affected by the storm, and we know the important work to clean up afterwards and get power restored is underway, and we certainly hope that that happens as quickly as possible. We presented a plan to get back to balanced budgets, while maintaining increases in investments in health care, social programs and education by eliminating things like corporate well, cutting corporate welfare by 1.5 billion dollars and eliminating the practice of sending foreign aid to cut relatively well-off countries. In addition, we know that we can save taxpayers billions by ending the practice of things like March Madness, which is what we call in Ottawa and departments blow through hundreds of millions of dollars at the end of the fiscal year on chairs and computers, new cell phones curtailing the practice of high-priced outside consultants coming in to do the work that experienced public service already are able to do, and we believe that is a responsible plan to get back to balanced budgets that allows us to cut taxes all along Lee Ontario pledge government smaller without having fewer employees. Does it even incredibly promise to say the public sector will shrink? You know, as I said, by going after wasteful spending practices like morons like bringing in outside consultants to the work of highly trained and capable public service, and also by eliminating waste that goes on and how the government manages its real estate. We have you know over 30,000 federal spaces across the country, many of which are not fully utilized, so we're being very clear. It's exactly where we're going to find the money to allow us to cut their taxes, cutting corporate welfare by 1.5 billion dollars, eliminating 25% of the foreign aid budget by ensuring that if they attack sellers, don't go to countries that are relatively well-off and by ending these types of wasteful spending practices we can preserve and indeed increase the investments that are going to directly to Canadians in front of healthcare, social programs, education associated Canadian, mr. Devaney, no see Claire exactly on the the bonds have ID the that's good, c-chief napadas we do, it may affect, could a shepherd lucky to fire on Jupiter a a very suitable way, things of that they say? Yes, a solution, scheduling a pond on a diversity, see bloodshed. They made their founder. The mayor of mãe de Mesilla Rome, a signature song priority in Quebec, the Parti québécois, a war in you know I. For one say it's another priority did have a vagueness. Year ago, a Sulha dossier composted that nuclear Metro, the problem in st. Paul, they they kept acquire, came across a not Olivia up or down the Canadian. Press I want to follow my by crecelius question about your plan to cut spending your predecessor, Stephen Harper, launched a much wanted deficit reduction action plan that set 5 billion dollars annually in cuts he wanted to make, and he too said there would be no cuts to services. A new ask a veteran who saw their Veterans Affairs offices closed across the country because of those cuts they'll stay there were cuts to services. So why should people trust that your plan is any different? Don't mr. Harbor, today we are showing kids exactly where we'll find the money to pay for our tax cuts. We are going to go after corporate welfare, foreign aid and the wasteful spending within government that does not affect them services. Things like March, Madness things like high-priced outside consultants and by ensuring that our real estate is managed properly, and that is the choice because, on the other side of the equation is an NDP liberal coalition, which will increase spending drastically, which will raise taxes which will run massive deficits that mean higher and higher taxes every year, just to pay the interest on that debt. That is now the clear choice being foreign Canadians, a responsible plan to get back to balanced budgets over five years. While we maintain investments in important services and lower taxes and an NDP liberal coalition, which will raise the carpet tax even higher, embarked on billions and billions of dollars of new spending running massive deficits leading to higher taxes. That is now the choice heading into the last week of this campaign and I am asking for majority mandate. So we can get back to balanced budgets, lower their taxes and leave more money in their pockets. It says about Canadians and Canadians. Today the poles are suggesting nobody wants a clear majority and people are in fact very divided on their vote and perhaps with light the coalition think of the government ' Pearson and how much was accomplished for Canada under that minority situation. I do not believe that Acadians would I do not believe the Canadians want a Trudeau NDP coalition, a government where Justin Trudeau may be the spokesperson, but the NDP are calling the shots, because that will mean massive new taxes. It will mean endless deficits threatening if those important social programs, because more and more of your tax dollar will have to go just to pay the interest on the debt on the new debt that they will be racking up, making life even more expensive. The choice could not be more clear now, and there is only one poll that I pay attention to, and that is the one on election 80 I believe, given the choice between a Conservative government, a conservative majority government that will get back to balanced budgets, leave more money in the pockets of Canadians by cutting taxes and an NDP liberal coalition that will run massive deficits in could lead to massive new increases in taxes, I'm, very confident that the Canadians will give us some say in choix, ethically I might know. Último de coalition, the NPD deliver I'll give up on Montel a simple augment daily deficit, a rather lengthy demo to share precarity okay, ooh conservative measure right here. A key map base. It is important to be profitable per decade or new demondo of may be important. That loss comfort. Let's see if we don't know down there, I said I wanted to make a personal relation to show my support to highlight the fact. The good words that I said when it is one of the features. Oh yeah I wanted to make a personal motivation to highlight the good work that the Red Cross is doing it's about, showing support and and and highlighting the good work that they're doing, and that should be the focal point of today and the coming days to for those Canadians that are able to help support the Red Cross no interview. One of my colleagues asked whether you're scheduled to occupy the power. Is there people downstairs to the lobby of this very hotel people I'd be happy to talk to them thanks very much. You.