This is a moment when, in the climate emergency we have to say, regardless of where you're from or what party you used to vote for, if you're listening to our children, what you hear is all hands on deck right now, it's not only for the federal government to take action. Municipalities have been playing a leadership role for a long time. Indigenous peoples have been playing a leadership role for a long time. The province of Quebec has been playing a leadership role for a long time. We have in this country everything we need to make a change that ensures our children have a livable world, while protecting economic activity to be prosperous to have workers have meaningful work, just to be clear. The environment isn't that priority security is our priority, we're talking about the collapse of human civilization. If we don't act in the next 18 months, the collapse of civilization won't happen in 18 months. Mind you, it's very important to understand the context and I. Don't think anyone here fails to understand it, but it's easy to be misquoted. I'm not saying the world will end by 2030, but the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has told us very clearly that we're very close to tipping points in the atmosphere that unleash unleash unstoppable self. Accelerating global warming, which sometimes gets called hothouse earth I, don't think that's an environmental problem I think it's a security threat. Now. Are there other issues, absolutely we're very committed to electoral reform. This may sound familiar, but the years changed 2019 will be. The last election held under first-past-the-post. I'll be clear. For me, I mean the Greens will work together as a caucus. We work by consensus, the leader isn't a dictator. My view is that we will meet as a caucus after the election and each member of the caucus will commit in a personal contract to abide by whatever commitments we make if they're, in the interests of avoiding climate disaster, but I think it's very likely and I'm, certainly for myself, I, don't want a cabinet post and somebody else's government I want to make sure they do the right thing and I think the gameplan that I see is being more likely is we insist on an internal cabinet that ensures that all parties have a hand in the climate plans that are adopted so that after an election, we don't risk that a new government comes in and cancels the plans we've made. We need to ensure that we do this together, because it's not an issue. It's not a political issue like any other, it's different and it means we have to take decisions differently. It's not a shock, but it would be an awfully good I, don't think I mean I, don't think a majority government is good for the country. I'll say that any party, these false majorities, are dangerous, very concerned you're, saying we're not saying we won't vote for things. We don't believe in Justin I. Don't think that that I've been clear enough. I must have not been clear enough. Any government that thinks it can pass. If we have enough green MPs that in a minority situation we hold the balance of responsibility, we don't know that this might happen. It's just as hypothetical as I was getting a majority and me being Prime Minister. You ask in a minority situation, would we ever accept some crumbs off the table? Would that be enough? If canceling the trans mountain pipeline? Would that be enough? No, we will not vote one vote of confidence for a government that fails to understand that we must hold global average temperature to a level that sustains human civilization through the lifetime of our children's. That's what's at stake. That's what this day, one more question here saying that you support spending tens and tens of billions of dollars on naval vessels I, don't remember ever being on record supporting fighter jets. We certainly support. No, actually, not no I'd. Be very interested to see if it's not the case. Yes, because we need, we need coastal search and rescue vessels. We need Coast, Guard vessels, we'd aerial, surveillance of our coastlines, we're not or not at all, prepared for the loss of ice in the Arctic, so I just to be clear. I've never said we needed more military training. The contract because we wanted to. We want to have our naval vessels Coast Guard vessels icebreakers, are important and may I clarify I'm. Excuse me, I'm, the only member of parliament in June 2011, who voted against bombing Libya, my record on being a canceled bombing and I have never never did you read mission. Your question is well. Your question is bounded on things that aren't true, so I just want to be clear, I've. Never. This party has never called for more military spending, just to be clear.