Oh I worked in the right, okay good, but not to Robert Menzies good morning. Everyone welcome to this discussion with medical health professionals on guns. It is an opportunity for us to really dig into an issue that have a significant impact in our communities on lives of Canadians, from coast to coast, to coast, and particularly on the medical professionals who respond to gun violence on a weekly basis right across the country. We know this is a huge impact on Canadian families on communities. That's why we've taken significant measures over the past four years as a government to strengthen gun control. We recognize there's more to do. That is why we're moving forward on banning military-style assault weapons going to be moving forward on allowing cities to restrict or ban handguns we're strengthening various other gun control measures, and the choice is very clear. In this election we want to strengthen gun control with significant real measures that are going to have an impact and the Conservatives want to weaken, gun control, which I think is the wrong choice for Canadians, but I'm. Looking forward very much to hearing from the experts gathered here today and I want to start with dr. nasch Mohamed, who was on on call the night of the Danforth soot, shooting that so many people remember here in Toronto and indeed across the country. Can you share with us a little bit your perspective on that night and and what is in soot I. Thank you. Mr. Trudeau Prime Minister, for including the voice of doctors and healthcare professionals in this important discussion that affects the health of all Canaan. Indeed, I was on call the night of the damn floor shooting and it was a horrific and terrible experience. You know we trained for these kinds of things, all the time, mass, shooting events and mass casualty events, but we hope against hope that we never have to bring our expertise to bear. Canadian doctors and traumatologist have for a long time been concerned about the rise and gun violence in our cities, but I think what happened on the night of the dan force is that all Canadians became aware and awakened to the reality of gun violence, and that were really not that difference and if we don't act. Terrible things could happen. I asked all of our elected officials to understand that harm, injury and death from guns is a preventable public health crisis and that legislative action is necessary. A multi-pronged approach is going to be very useful, but but we have to change the laws. I am a trauma. Surgeon and I've worked at Saint Michael's Hospital for twenty years last week, I offered on a longtime patient of mine. It's a terrible story of a young man injured by a spray of bullets. He happened to be at the wrong place at the wrong time and last week he underwent surgery, six hours of reconstructive, abdominal surgery, and this was his ninth operation over the three years since his discharge from hospital. He has been unable to return to work in and out of hospital on and off intravenous nutrition, because his gut simply doesn't work. Perhaps many people imagine that, after our heroic paramedics, transport, the patients to our trauma, bays and those trauma bay doors closed, that the doctors and nurses busy themselves and packed up the patient and make them well again and they get to go home in a matter of days but for the magic, but for the majority of patients. That simply is not true. That's the furthest thing from the truth. These patients require upwards of a hundred units of blood, sometimes in the first 24 hours, many many operations to reconstruct them and bring them back to life. They spend weeks and weeks in the ICU their lives hanging in the their family to their bedside. We doctors walk past them, trying to give them hope and if they do survive, they spend months and months in hospital and then rehabilitation. That's the reality of gun violence and something else. I want all of our elected officials to understand the effects of gun, violence reverberate for years and decades, and generations are paid that our patients, their families, are never the same. Our patients are left with long, lifelong disabilities that they live with and they live with life-altering circumstances and the psychological burden of being a gun, violence, victim doctors and nurses and other health care professionals who treat these patients see it as our responsibility to inform you of our lived experience so that you can make better decisions on the behalf on behalf of all Canadians and doctors have always participated in these difficult discussions and the discourse around public health think about tobacco and asbestos and seatbelt laws. We always get into it when when people's lives are at stake, we have witnessed an escalating pace of violence in our city. In 2018, there are 425 shootings in Toronto and 2019 seems worse. We cannot afford to remain silent and we will not accept the status quo. Canada must follow the example of countries like Australia and New Zealand, United, Kingdom, and now the Netherlands legislative action is needed to stop the proliferation of guns. In Canada- and we know that countries with stricter gun laws have lower rates of gun, homicide suicide, femicide, intentional and unintentional injury. I, ask you, Prime, Minister and all of our elected officials to consider the weight of the scientific evidence that clearly shows the proliferation of guns makes us all less safe. I. Ask that you hear the tragedy of our daily lived experience and the devastation of people personally traumatised by gun, violence and I ask the government to act. Thank you. Now. I want to turn now to dr. Joe. Lexington who's been had a number of years in in an emergency room. Have you seen gun violence and the victims of gun violence evolved in terms of the the frequency in terms of the intensity in terms of the stories and families that are around them? I work at University, Health Network. We used to be a trauma center, so we used to see gun violence. We haven't been a trauma center now for 25 years or so so. I don't see it directly, but I do hear about it from my colleagues who work in the emergency department I hear about their concerns. Their worries about things and while I appreciate the efforts that your government has announced, I think that the idea of letting cities ban handguns is the wrong idea. There are provinces out there. This is going to have to be done at a provincial level. The provinces are going to have to allow the cities, and there are provinces with leadership out there that are not going to accept this, and even if provinces do accept it, Toronto may do it and Mississauga may not do it. You just cross the 427 and you can purchase handguns I. Think that that's the wrong approach, I think that what the federal government needs to do is show leadership and do a national ban on handguns, Thank, You Joel. Obviously, it's a we've taken a significant step and there's other measures that we've put in place around controlling bulk purchases and making sure that handguns don't end up on the streets as much as we possibly can. But we recognize that this isn't a first important step that there are lots of people who would like us to go further and I hear you on that. Perhaps turning behind you to to to dr. David Gomez is a trauma surgeon in currently dealing I believe with with gun violence on an ultra regular basis, Prime Minister, when I when I was thinking about this I, wanted to share a story with you. It was early in my practice. I would just gotten home from a long day of work. I didn't even have a chance to say hello to my little guy and I. Would rush back to the hospital. I was greeted in the trauma Bay with two critically ill gunshot wound victims. The team were practically to save their lives. We performed emergency surgery and, unfortunately, were unsuccessful. We had to make the long walk talk to the family members. The patients and the families lives changed forever. I was sweaty, was tired. I got back home even before I put my head on the pillow I rushed back more surgery, more with more injuries, more death, the same report, the same story with Peter over the weekend about five or six control room patients came in that we canwe operator and all of them and I thought to myself. This is there's to be a one-off. This is in Toronto. This is in Canada and, unfortunately, I realized that it's not a one-off, it's routine. We see cancer wound victims in trauma centers every day, patients lives and every day and their family's lives change every day. By the end of the weekend, my shoes were bloody and they sit in the corner of my office and either little shoes or or non little shoes are in offices of every trauma surgeon. They remind us that it's not just a job to fix these injuries, it's our job to help prevent them. We have not only the legislative tools and we're not naive. We understand that not one intervention is going to fix this. This is a multi-pronged approach. Interventions for assault they're, going to be different from unintentional injuries and are gonna be different from suicides, but we need the tools not only from a legislative aspect from from a research aspect to be able to intervene. We need to be able to see the data and act on the data and I and I think we were talking today that we actually don't have those tools and some of our privacy legislation really limits us in being able to start these as the disease that it is. Firearms are vectors of disease and we need to understand the host and the vector to be able to intervene. Thank you very much. David beside you is dr. Hannah Adair who's, a general surgery resident at the U of T, but also from originally from New, Zealand and obviously New Zealand has been part of the conversations we've had internationally this year, following the terrible Christchurch shootings and the leadership that the New Zealand government led by Jason Tedder and have taken on banning military-style assault weapons. We are going to be moving forward in a similar way where perhaps you could share some of your perspective on this issue. Thank you, Prime Minister. So when I emigrated to Canada during 2014, I have to say, I, never thought I'd be sitting here today talking to you about the destruction I see every day from firearms and my work and it's partly because I thought Canada didn't have a gun problem. I'm, sadly, here to tell you it does. Every day or summer, while I've been on, call I have seen gunshot wound, victims, I've treated them I've had to teach my medical students how to come and counsel families and when they've lost a loved one, our two quiet rooms at Sunnybrook Hospital. There have been nights where we have had too many families and not enough rooms. So there is a problem and I think, similarly to a New Zealand, we had a not us, not here attitude, don't let it become too late. There is already a daily surge of violence in the city, not just homicides, but also firearms that are used in suicides and accidental shootings and I think. There are many examples of strong legislative actions that have couldn't other OECD countries that have significantly improved the number of deaths from firearms. For a long time he was complacency in New, Zealand, I, think I, don't think we woke up and suddenly decided that we needed to change legislation. It wasn't a motivation to do so, and I would hope that it doesn't take fifty-one people from your community to make you act as a public health issue. This is not a partisan issue or a political issue, and it is particularly only in North America that is become one I have to say. We must see this as a community problem and as a health problem. First and foremost, firearms are one of the leading killers of young men in North. America they've had a bigger impact in terms of mortality than road traffic injuries and HIV and AIDS over the last 25 years on our continent, and we must treat them like the public health issue that they are actually right in front of you. Lillian Jenkins is a doctor originally from Australia in Australia, had experience of a terrible and mass shooting a number of years ago, which they took significant measures around gun control. Perhaps you could sort of share us some of your experience and the Canadian experience that you've had to help you reflect on that Lillian. Thank you very much. Mr. prime minister. So I'm here doing a trauma fellowship here. I've worked as a doctor in Sydney in Australia for ten years. I did all my training in a big trauma center in Sydney, and my first weekend or my first week here in Toronto, I saw more gunshot, injuries and I've. Seen in all of my training at home, I was really unprepared for that. The devastating effects that gunshot victims have to face in their family, their injuries, are so severe and it just it seems so preventable I do come from a country where we have stricter gun control legislation and we've had that since I've been in high school and we just we just don't see, gun violence as something that's common in our trauma base. It just isn't our normal and I. Think like that. That's something that I'll really take from working here in Toronto is that it you've got to make sure that you don't accept it as normal. It is, it is preventable. Thank you for that beside you is Sameer bully who's there, a medical student I want you to share with us your story. Hi. My name is Sameer bullet and I am a second year medical student, and, unlike most of my colleagues here, I won't be really talking about the clinical side of gunshot violence, but more the personal side of the matter. So just a little background about myself. I'm a second year medical student here at the University of Toronto, my parents came to Canada's refugees and I grew up in the karmis area. Right across from here, I had a wonderful, loving, childhood or even though we never had much, we were always able to get by, but as I got older, I began to notice things. I would always have to take the long way home from school to avoid the buildings around my house out here loudly tonight and have to walk past the police crime scene. The next day, I was in the eighth grade. I first saw a gun, one that a classmate brought to school and the first thing the only thing that I could say was cool because that's how normalized it was the issue. It was so normalized around me that I barely saw any issue with my surroundings. Then, as time passed, the shootings are more personal. It will start with a whisper of a friend of a friend, then an acquaintance that was my cousin. Eventually, one of my closest friends got shot in the back in front of his own home and, to this day, he's wheelchair-bound his whole life and all the potential he had was taken from an in single instant. My innocent younger brother was shot at twelve times two minutes from my own home. Imagine just for a second being a mechanic who can't sit in a parked car due to having panic attacks, because you don't feel safe, just think about it, and this is just a taste of gun. Violence has done to my community. My story isn't by no ways unique and the only thing that differentiates me from all the other kids is luck. This doesn't begin or end with guns. It is a combination of a lack of economic opportunities, limitations of our education systems and growing income inequality in our communities that allow guns to seem as such, a necessary tool for survival. However, studies have shown that a lack of access to guns significantly reduces levels of gun, violence, kena's fire mortality rate is eight times that of the UK Australia, Japan and Netherlands. All countries are strict gun control. Legislation exists from the Journal of American Medical Medical Association in 2018, while we cannot police the border and stop every legal gun that gets through, we can concurrently address stricter gun laws, while creating opportunities been disadvantaged. How many kids do we have to lose to the trauma of the gun violence? So we decided enough is enough, I'm here to say, as a representative of the black Medical Students Association, we are here to give a voice to those in forgotten by our society. I'm not becoming a doctor to continue to see this kind of violence and I hope you can see the urgency in this matter. Thank You, Samara I think that it gives us a bit of a segue to Bill Blair, who has worked on Community Safety as former chief of police. As someone who has had a significant level of impact during your long career in fighting gun violence with real, tangible successes over the past few years we have have you lead a really important discussion on concrete measures that we can move forward on to keep communities more safe. So why don't you share a little bit with us? Thank you very much. Prime Minister I have to say that the stories that we hear are so compelling, and there are so many other stories, the stories of mothers who have lost children and and no family members and communities that have been dead stated by the violence and people living in fear. It changes their lives. It changes the bulk of their lives and limits our kids in really realizing their full potential when they have to grow up with that. I have worked in in in in all of the neighborhoods of Toronto, and you know, I think I think there are some very significant of the things that have been done and can be done to reduce the incidence of gun violence. But I will tell you from experience that you know it just when you go to a community and say: we've made more arrests this year than last year. They are not comforted by that when you tell them, there are more guns being seized this year than before. That causes them to be more fearful and, and so we must do more than I mean, quite frankly, I've always been a little bit frustrated by people who said, let's just lock everybody up and throw away the key that does not solve the problem, we'll make our community safer and it's not what we should be doing for our kids and so I think we have to have the courage to take the steps that are necessary to change the circumstances that give rise to this violence. And one of those circumstances is the ready availability of guns. I'm, not sure how you can talk about gun violence without having the courage to talk about guns and and interdicting the supply of guns into the hands of someone who commits a violent crime with it is an important part. It's not the whole solution, but it's an important part of the work that we must do, and we also must work in those communities to help those kids make better choices and to address the circumstances that give rise to violence in our communities and and really that's our that's. The work we've been doing. But that's the work that also needs to be done, and so much more needs to be done in our communities. I believe that cops count and I believe that when you have adequately and well trained, adequately trained and adequate resources of police officers and communities, they can help to make a difference. But if you don't arrest your way, these very very challenging problems that we face in our society and the public health approach, which looks at all of the hearts and all of the things that give rise to those times. It starts to address the reduction of those crimes in a very thoughtful and meaningful way. That's the thing that I believe makes a difference. In my experience in the City of Toronto, you know we actually achieved some pretty significant reductions in gun violence during during my time here, but it wasn't. We do it by putting more and more people in jail. We did it by encouraging young people to make better and safer choices and and to increase the strength and resiliency of communities. We also took some very meaningful steps to interdict the supply of guns, but more needs to be done and that's the work we're dedicated to do it. We've had a lot of discussions on some of the community issues and gang related issues, but there are other aspects: impact in gun, violence and I thought. Maybe we could turn to dr. Julie magic, who is the clinical psych I've done all be. The intersection of mental health and gun violence is something that is often brought up in the news and I'd love love to hear from you a bit Julie. Thank you, mr. Shido. So, as you know, I'm a psychiatrist and mental illness, as you also know, is a prevalent and extremely pressing issue for Canadians I would say that the most devastating outcome for any patient of mine or for a family member is death by suicide. Today, I want to ensure that we're talking not just about sort of gang violence and mass shootings, which of course are important and what we hear about in the media, but also about the fact that over 70% of gun death in Canada is death by suicide. So we cannot have this conversation unless we're talking about mental health and suicide, so as a psychiatrist, I have an absolute privilege of sitting with people at times in their life, when there's great suffering and despair and I've had the privilege of watching people and helping them overcome suicidal crises and really accessing the most resilient parts of themselves. But I and my colleagues could only do that if they're alive, if we have individuals showing up in dr. Ahmed or dr. Gomez's, trauma Bay before they're in my office or in the office of my colleagues, we have absolutely missed an opportunity to assist them. We failed them, and that is an outcome we do not want to see. We also know something that's critical, and that is that the means with which an individual attempt suicide matter. So when you have access to a gun in the midst of a suicide crisis which can be anywhere from five minutes to less than an hour when you have easy access to a gun, your risk of using that gun goes up. So the one of the interventions that we have to have is to really find ways legislative ways to limit people's immediate access to firearms. We know that for individuals in many communities that live in a home with a gun, their risk of dying by suicide is five times higher the general population- and this is a statistic that we we really can't ignore. The other people I see in my office are individuals who have survived, gun violence and my trauma. Surgeon. Colleagues, my family physician colleagues, will talk a lot about the multiple surgeries and Rehab physical rehab that has to exist to bring them sort of to help them recover. The other part that has to recover is their mind and their brain, and it takes just as much treatment and support to help an individual after they have had an experience of having their safety basically ripped out from under them at being shot. And it's you know, we can't forget the toll that that takes on them and on their families, and if I could say, one last parting thing I think is I would like my elected officials to focus on protecting individuals when they're at their most vulnerable, and that is what I hope for for my patients. That's what I hope for for my family and that's what I hope for for our community and I. Think by you know putting in legislation that actually addresses this issue effectively is a way of doing that and looking after our most vulnerable. Thank you, Thank You, Julie, to to two people to your left is dr.. Suzanne rush who has worked in indigenous health has also done a lot of work on intimate partner violence and is now a family physician. Can you share some of your perspective on this? Please, yes, thank you so much so my name is dr. Suzanne Shushan. As an indigenous woman and an intergenerational survivor of the residential school program system, I just wanted to acknowledge orange shirt day today. Thank you. So as a physician, I have treated gun violence in both urban and rural settings, multiple times and sometimes it's being in remote. Northern hospitals in very simple trauma, Bay's with no supports of surgery, intensive care or anesthesia I've also treated severe complications of trauma on mental emotional, financial and social health and patients as young as four years old gun. Violence is absolute terror and is devastating and crippling for communities and families. As per Section, seven of our Charter of Rights I truly believe that freedom from gun violence should be considered. A basic human right community should not fear mass shootings, police, shootings, gang-related shootings or self-inflicted shootings, nor any other form of gun violence. People should not have access to weapons designed for mass casualty and children should not have to do mass shooter, drills in class, as my children have had to. But we have to remember that gun violence is only a symptom, it can be a symptom of depression and anxiety, domestic violence, online radicalization and hate or powerlessness due to structures of inequity, marginalization, poverty and systemic racism in education, criminal justice, health, employment, housing and more. These root causes must be addressed. A weapons ban will not be enough gun. Buyback programs cannot work without addressing structural disenfranchisement and economic exclusion that deeply and disproportionately impacts black and indigenous communities when having a gun is the only power one feels that they have in life. We cannot expect a buyback program to be effective unless we're replacing the power we are taking from these children. Additionally, we cannot eliminate gang culture without eliminating systemic racism. Children of color need to feel they belong everywhere in this country includes and respects us in every aspect. In every interaction, we cannot eliminate gang culture without eliminating systemic poverty, as poverty itself is a port form of violence. Funding. Community initiatives is important, but money must get to the committee's in smart, meaningful ways. This requires the people in charge of funding distribution, to have an intimate understanding of the people. They're trying to serve communities truly know what they need, and they have to be empowered to act. We're starting to understand, as many other people have said, that gun violence like the opioid epidemic is a public health crisis. We must treat it as such with systems designed to prevent, screen and treat trauma and the root causes of gun violence. Thank you beside you is dr. Lynn Wilson, the vice dean at U of T's medical school. Can you share that the more academic perspective, perhaps that you have, if not your perspective as a doctor, I think I'm gonna focus mostly on my perspective as a doctor, and then I have a couple of comments about our healthcare system as a whole that and how it relates this issue, so I've been a family doctor for over 30 years, and the standard of practice has changed in my practice due to the proliferation of guns and gun violence in our country and I'm, just going to mention a couple of examples so being a family, doctors very is a very privileged role in our society. I get to look after children, adults, multiple generations of one family, and these are the things that have changed in recent times when I see a well-baby or well child. In my practice, part of the standard now to ask if there's a gun in the home and if there is a gun in the home, is it safely secured because of the issues that we see the tragedies we see around accidental deaths of children when I see a woman for her well woman care I routinely screen for whether or not she's experiencing intimate partner violence, and if she says that that's occurring, whether it's emotional or physical violence, I also ask. Is there a weapon in the home or does your partner have access to a weapon? Many of my patients very sadly experience very significant mental health issues and it's very important for me to provide comprehensive care and, of course, I always ask about whether they have suicidal thoughts and if they do, then it's my job to ask whether or not they have access to a gun for the reasons that Julie Maggie was talking about the other part of my practice. That really means a great deal to me as a counseling that I provide to individuals whether they're going through an acute crisis or they have long-term mental health issues and I must say that over the years I have been particularly in recent years, I'm amazed by the number of people who are very severely impacted in one way or another, by violence and often death due to guns, but also some of the other, very important social issues that we're talking about here and what I see are people whose siblings are either gone. Well, they're gone and one way or another right, they've died because of guns, or perhaps they are now incarcerated and and I see people who've lost relatives in other ways, and the thing is that the trauma goes on and on, and it's often multi-generational and it in a way I, don't think it ever truly goes away. So finally, I just want to make another comment. You know as I, listen to my colleagues who I think are also very remarkable right, whether it's the trauma, surgeons, the sort of work Suzanne does Julie, etc. Just remarkable people, and then I think about as a family doctor how what a passionate advocate I am for our universal health care system and how there really is a national debate right now about. Can we keep it going? What are the pressures on the system and, aside from the the personal human tragedy that we are all talking about? I also think about the strain on our system, we're talking about a great deal of money that could be redirected in other ways, to address social determinants of health, to help our frail elderly patients and on and on so there's kind of two ways of looking at this and all I want to say is I really appreciate the opportunity for all of us to have a chance to have this dialogue today, Thank You Lynn. We have five more experts to hear from what I want to hear from you all I want to start with Rebecca and then Suzanne and go to Adam brandy and Ann Eileen Rebecca you're an RN at the trauma, neuro neurological institute. Tell us about your perspective there. So I am a nurse I work in the trauma. Neurosurgical ICU at st. Mike's, so I see kind of after the initial contact in the trauma. Bay I'm then part of the team that long term takes care of the patient, while they're in the ICU so I definitely see the effects of gun violence. It's tragic. We are also consulting the families. Everybody is asking why what can be done? What can be different, so I'm definitely impacted in that role, and it is a strain on the health care system overall, as well. There's a lot of time and resources that go into helping these people should be, but on the flip side, I'm also I don't get to leave work and step away from it. I also live downtown I live, so it's part of my day-to-day life, whether I'm at home, taking care of my three kids or whether I'm at the hospital taking care of the people that we do save that survive, gun violence, so I definitely think more needs to be done in terms of restricting access to these weapons and I'll leave it at that. Dr. Susan Meno you're, a pediatric and emergency doctor, tell us about your perspective for having this discussion here. I am a pediatric emergency, medicine, physician and I direct the trauma program at the Hospital for Sick Children as well and I, while I've had experience looking after all ages, people with gunshot wounds. My expertise is in Pediatrics and I'd like to focus on the unique vulnerabilities of children and youth and I want to thank Lynne for bringing some of these issues forward. But firearms, as we've heard, are certainly a significant and preventable cause of death and disability in children in Canadian, children and youth, and there is, there is no worse thing than having to tell a parent that they've lost their child and losing a child to gun. Violence is unimaginable horror and not only our kids directly injured from firearms, and they are with mortality rates exceeding for any given injury, the younger and smaller that you are each time somebody is shot. There is inevitably a child who's indirectly impacted through the loss of a parent or a sibling. Another family, member or a friend and the physical and the psychosocial ripple effect of gun trauma is far-reaching, long-term and extends well beyond the acute injury. Intentional violence like suicide and homicide is disproportionately affecting young adolescent males and their risk from death from firearm. Injuries now exceeds all other injuries combined from fires, Falls, drowning etc. But the majority of firearm, injuries and children are actually unintentional and mostly occurring in the home and directly related to inappropriate access to guns. Young children are developmentally curious. They don't have the cognitive maturity to appreciate danger, while adolescents are notoriously impulsive and especially vulnerable to the risk of having a lethal means. Suicide easily accessible in the home. Our trauma program in recent years has noted a trend and increasing a violent injury, and that is you know. In 2018, we cared for the same number of children with gunshot wounds as the previous five years combined. Thankfully, the absolute Rinat numbers remain small in comparison to adult partner, trauma centers, but they are a marker of a significant societal problem and despite strong prevention efforts and great success and many other injury domains, society does tend to implicitly allow for the acceptance and normalization of life ending or life-altering injury, and with regards to guns, it's very routine, obviously to hear of daily occurrence of shootings here in Toronto and I just want to stipulate. It must never become routine or acceptable or normal for us to hear of Canadian children in their daily lives, be at school playgrounds or otherwise to be at risk. So for kids, removing access to life on firearms is life-saving and there's multiple medical pediatric, surgical societies, all whose job it is to look after the well-being of children who support banning handguns and assault weapons, and additionally, strongly advocate for safe storage and removal of guns in the home, in families with active mental illness or concerns for domestic violence. And it's worth noting also that the Canadian pediatric society. One of these societies supports the proper regulation of air and BB guns as well. Some of these have velocities high enough to cause serious injury and death and young children, and argue these should indeed be classified as firearms when they do and as as David mentioned, expanding research programs to obtain the data that we need to guide policy is absolutely essential. So in summary, I agree with the public health approach, with the multi-dimensional approach to reduce root causes and and I think that strictly regulating firearms is very important for Canadian children and youth. Thank you. Thank you, doctor I'm. Turning it now to Adam, Vaughan who's been a long advocate for the City of Toronto, both as our MP right here, but also as someone who's worked in City Hall, someone who's a mental journalist, someone who understands the multiple determinants of health, including poverty and housing, but also access to guns, share with us. Your perspective I had a door knock this weekend and the mother behind the door. All she wanted to talk about was the kid she lost and it's a hard door knock. It's and I wish to god. It wasn't the first one and it came from a neighborhood where you don't expect that conversation and it's just it's just it's it's too much and if it impacts the candidate listening, you have to know it impacts the mum and the family and the siblings and the grandmothers and it just the bullet stops. But the ricochet continues and it's trauma and it's big in this city. It's it's hurting. Kids. You know at some point the politicians that talk on this issue are going to have to put the same kind of energy into cutting the yellow tape, as they do the red tape and they just won't and what the families are saying is that if you want they test, this is politicians. They say if you're brave enough and have the courage to talk about gun control, then maybe I'll listen to you about how you're actually going to solve the real complexity of the issue and the complexity of the issue. Is this we're just not building strong enough communities that are creating the most resilient enough children? The families will also talk about the perpetrators because they come up many times of the same communities and they are just as heartbroken for the families that lose a kid to the prison system or that lose a kid to the gang life or lose a kid to the to the to the cold indifference for somebody else's life. They they see it holistically. They see it in the comprehensive way and they want you to talk about educational opportunities and they want you to talk about better housing and they want you to talk about child care. They want you to talk about the whole array of issues, because the ricochets hit those other issues too, and if we're going to honor those tough conversations and talk about gun control, we have got to step in and step up equally on those other determinants, because if we can build stronger neighborhoods, we get better cities in a stronger country. But if we build stronger neighborhoods, what we really get is a more resilient generation of kids. I, don't know the next doctor who's going to cure the common cold. But if a bullet takes mountain Rexdale, it's on us, it's on, it's got a stop and and as a political organization as a culture as a society as a city, every step in the right direction is a good step, but if we don't make enough stuff, it's not a March and we're not gonna get to where we need to get to and I want to. Thank all of you all of you for the courage and the service, and particularly the way you heal the families that have to deal with the aftermath. But it's on us. The next bullets got to stop. We can do it. Thank you. Adam brandy, Talon tenable, is a registered nurse at the Sunnybrook Center for injury prevention. Tell us about your perspective, just to clarify I'm, not a medical practitioner, I work in the Center for injury prevention and I'm a program coordinator, although my parents would be quite happy if I was medical practitioner I'm, not so I'm gonna offer a different perspective if I may, working in injury prevention and I'm gonna share my thoughts on behalf of those working in community and injured preventionists around the country who are working tirelessly on multiple injury issues. We know that injury is the leading cause of death for Canadians. It leads to it's a leading cause of disability and hospitalization. It's a massive issue and gun violence is certainly part of that and there's a tremendous opportunity to collaborate between hospital and community to create the needed change in health outcomes and that's what we're working towards working in injury. Prevention can sometimes feel like pushing a boulder up a mountainside. Our work is evidence-based and at Sunnybrook we've seen a sharp increase in the number of violent injuries in our trauma center, and it's really concerning what's most frustrating that I've heard from from our practitioners is treating the same patient multiple times. So the issue of recidivism is is an enormous problem and we're in past practice. Our medical teams would do tremendous work to to fix the physical injuries and send people back into community we're realizing that we can do a much better job when we can collaborate with our community partners and we create linkages directly to patients when they need them most and and help to change their trajectory. We know much more today about the underlying conditions that influence violence and I'm punctuating. The points that have already been. We need to build solutions through the lens of the social determinants of health, with our partners in health care in public health and community organizations, together we're working with our partners across the city to implement a hospital based violence intervention program. But there is there's barriers to creating programs like this in terms of the resources necessary to support them, and so we hope, together that with our partners in the in the city and across the different communities that we'll be able to achieve this this great program, it requires innovation and collaborative solutions and and I think that's the key to take gun, control and gun and gun violence is that we we look at this through multiple lenses. It's not a simple solution, and it we can't reinvent the wheel. We need to to find these these new ways to work together, breaking down the silos between us to achieve the healthy outcomes that we want for every community and every individual. Thank you thank you, brandy and, finally, to dr. Eileen Davila, who is the medical officer of Health for the City of Toronto. Obviously, you've been engaged in this issue for a long time. Your leadership is well known to people who who are in the community and also watching your work on through the media. Thank you for your leadership and I'm glad to give you the last word today. Thank you very much. Mr. prime minister and first of all, I'd like to thank all my colleagues around this panel for sharing your stories and for doing the amazing work that you do to help keep our city as healthy as possible. I can't thank you enough for the work that each and every one of you does in your respective realms. We've heard you know from my colleagues and it's hard for me to say it better than that which has already been said, but we know that gun violence and violence writ large as having a significant impact on the health status of our city and that, obviously, as the medical officer of Health for the City of Toronto concerns me. It concerns me for Toronto, but it concerns me beyond the borders of Toronto and we've heard many of my colleagues already speak about how this is a public issue and how, therefore, that calls for a public health approach. So I won't belabor the point, but I will say a few words in respect of what does that mean? What is a public health approach to violence writ large, and certainly we know that restricting firearms. Restricting access to firearms and ammunition is part of the equation, and it's an important part, but I would say that it is only part of the equation, and we've heard many of my colleagues around this panel speak to the need for us all levels of government and all of us in our community to think about how best we address the social determinants of health. As a public health practitioner, I have to tell you. It is extremely heartening to hear health care providers speak so eloquently and so passionately about. The social determinants of health. Healthcare is incredibly incredibly important to the health status of our population, but we know that what really creates and maintains health in our communities, whether they're big cities, like Toronto or small jurisdictions, further north, are the social determinants of health. People need to have access not just to housing but to homes places where they belong. People need to have access to employment and financial resources. People need to feel that they have connections that they have. The supports right. Social supports social networks to rely upon when challenging times arise. These are just some of the things that need to be addressed in order to actually solve this issue to mitigate the negative impact of violence on the health status of our communities, so I would encourage each and every one of us in this room. Yes, there's a role for government, yes, there's a role for the federal government: yes, there's a role for the provincial government: yes, there's a role for local government, but each of us has a role to play beyond that which our governments can do and I would encourage each and every one of us in this room to think about what that role looks like and how we intend to act upon that. Thank you very much doctor. Thank you all for being part of this important discussion this morning. We know how important it is to keep our community safe. We know that there are many many elements to reflect on from intimate partner, violence to mental health, to guns and gangs. We know that there is always more that we need to do as a society and that's why, as a federal government, we're proposing to move forward with some of the strongest gun control measures in years in this country and I look forward to continuing this conversation with many many Canadians as we take concrete steps to keep people safer and taking a public health perspective on guns and on violence is a really important addition to the conversation something you've all been leading on for many years and I'm. Very, very pleased that we were able to have this discussion this morning makes you look into a mountain. Thank you now, I'm going to take some questions from media Chris, Reynolds Canadian press, the Premier of Ontario, where Toronto has seen this star fries in fatal gun. Violence has said, he's not interested in a ban on handguns sales. He opposes it. Have you spoken with Doug Ford at all, since the writ dropped? I think this is something that we've been unfortunately seeing right across the country. The conservative politicians want to weaken gun control where we want to strengthen gun control, and that is at the heart of the choice the Canadians are facing in this upcoming election. Do we strengthen gun control in a way that will keep cities, communities and Canadians safer? Or do we weaken gun control? We have committed to move forward to give cities the tools, municipalities that want the tools to restrict or ban handguns. We will work with the provinces wherever possible and I certainly hope. The provinces will listen to the voices of experts and the voices of municipal leaders who are demanding more tools to fight the gun violence they're facing, but we will ensure that cities have the tools to ban or restrict handguns as they wish. Okay, new Haqqanis own que le parisien conservator Cavell affably. The controlled is a mafioso, a dog for Danville Shearer, adult novel solution, the Canada for us ESCO, rusty reader control, this armature avec grad nominee, Baron Westover, affably, the control, this armature, our economic conservative, Loserville mid-level in Missouri extreme effort, poor Kotwal Elizabeth II concluded an approach. Dude Oval a poor, restrained, woman bania, that is on the plan, so have you spoken before it, since the red dropped, I have known and very lastly, a lot of the advocates here today. More professionals here today, as well as anti-gun, can or gun control advocates, say that this really isn't enough: that assault gun bans don't go far enough. A handgun ban is needed. How do you answer them? Why not just go a little further? We are putting forward the strongest measures around gun control. That Canada has seen in many many years, because we know that stronger gun control is something that our communities need. Something Canadians need something Canadians expect to keep themselves and their families safe. We've heard heartbreaking stories from medical profession, errs professionals who are on the front lines and who are dealing every day with the impact on families and that's why we're moving forward with significant gun control measures that will ban military-style assault weapons that have been used in mass shootings, increasingly in the United States, but also in Canada, and we've also moving forward to give municipalities the power to restrict or ban handguns. These are measures that the Conservatives have announced. Not only will they not do, but they will reverse the gun control measures. We brought in like tougher background checks and verification of permits before you actually buy a gun. The choice for Canadians is crystal clear: liberals will strengthen gun control. Conservatives will weaken gun control, Haley Cooper, one Newstalk 1010 we're hearing of new, very creative ways of getting these weapons across the border and they are making it across the border. How big of a problem is this and you know, battling gun violence and you know what's being done to solve it under ten years of Stephen Harper the Conservatives cut funding for the Canadian Border Services agencies. We actually invested significantly over the past four years in better measures at the border to control the flow of guns in from the United States, and we will continue to ensure that our border agents have the tools necessary to slow the flow of guns, illegal guns from the United States. But we also recognize that there are many guns legally purchased in Canada that end up in the hands of criminals and on the streets, which is why we're moving forward to give better tools to our police agencies to monitor bulk purchases of handguns and we're also moving forward on stronger regulations for storage, particularly for gun ranges and and and retail outlets that sell handguns to ensure that those guns don't end up on our streets as well. We have taken many measures and we're going to be taking more measures, but it comes down to that. Straightforward choice for Canadians liberals are going to strengthen gun control. Conservatives want to weaken gun control, Loserville ABC dons, disservice, Kentucky Oh, Cody Daniels and attract recursive, attire, ear, injury, reservists, ma, Donna, Francia, Loserville, AV supervisory control, these atmospheric Navy addiction, Darmok, even digital genie, swap acidic as a function. Mere men awoken a soul seeker, disarmed de Poisson Valley, so Ashley. The fossil elicit, who Canada sort of Suva sue soo-dong, will support seconded emoji of Conrad for Donnie presidency and no service police year moment on the schwa 8-lesson DB ho. The Russell control is atmosphere. The conservator well ethically, will control this atmosphere, Cecily Schwab calhfa's for fast ecology, I just might follow up. You mentioned that Canadians need to elect a government that will listen to people similar to the panel sitting behind you, and we have heard today that some people sitting on that panel want gun violence declared a public health crisis. Why has it not been declared a public health crisis by your government? We are moving forward in tangible ways that is going to counter gun control and Islands. We made deeper background checks. We've made measures in place through our commitments in c71 to make safe transport a more more controlled element. There are many measures that we've taken to strengthen gun control over the past four years and we will continue to strengthen gun control, with a ban on military-style assault weapons and empowering cities to ban handguns. These are the things that people are calling for. They are concrete actions, not just statements of urgency, because we recognize the public health emergency. That gun violence is becoming, as highlighted by these professionals Nocona. So la da da la situacin super soccer news, Avenida Meserve, concerto, cornica, Daniel, Danny, por hacer el control is a maneuver con esto hace que production upon its it exact Thomas Cole netten transfer vacant Proposition 8. There is an entire Lezama. The senator de su e, the DA Nina capacity, a new municipality, the banning of Karima I'm, the point news and consignee dodgy a go into a li Shiu sample after the conservator Cavell afib Lily called holism ever ad-lib Akiva versary. The control is a matter to do so, and Netflix original website fake cat language. That only text open is a post-op appointment attack like class million la bouff hundred additional Pominville promise come an example of quark. Your nerves. Element compressor is affected by people profile on average in promise on Dominica's, don't open fire on lap affair. Miyoko didn't use any unit on train parle, avec new pattern, a Internacional key for fast Oh, MAME difficu. We only talking to travel. The first song called only avec to accessory Toolman pester power, suki deshou - Kelly Canadians, a ton of wa jal come disney amazon, a TV, solamachi canadian universe wants a cervical disc opening an agenda so disadvantaged e fast as a season see achieve global tunnels. Every latitude now family's lives on a Viet Kieu erectus on a VA loan estimate, question sister, Li pona president castillo xi, e okoda percent cement, pesky, canada. No, she - rocket and a tree support. A poll novel question is reckon scenery. The plan, the question: if a civilian, a effective man as a continual, the home, confetti cannon, a hundred questions, direct democracy, Tabata edevalla conversation, so less work, alfalfa's lee Canadian news abolish what layer the cluster control is a matter of a killaby ho o NF l-- abysmal. You control this atmosphere, honor schwa, ultra fair, plus pocket relations. Mathematic affair may have a click on serrata token solutions. Mathematic a virtual bad S curve is a level not even evasive. Donna Fehmi Londo community come newly proposed. Oh, who asked even ask the conservator boy: Tocqueville evil, los siete Y Cooper to tadhana des a voltage, immunity solution for faster Canadian news alone, constantly don't partly educationalist: musi direct America, Canadian Marika Walsh with the Global Mail. Your government asked the Trump administration to reopen the safe third-country agreement to close the loophole that allows asylum seekers to cross the border. What will you do? The US doesn't agreed to the to the request. What will you do if they don't? How will you address it? We are in ongoing discussions with the Americans on a broad range of issues around around our borders around our shared security and we're doing it in a way that continues to stand up and defend Canadian principles and Canadian values. As people know, there is a time we are in a time right now around the world of mobilization of migration of immigration, and that means that Canada is not immune from it. What we've been able to ensure over these past years is that everyone who arrives in Canada, whether it is regular or irregular, goes through the entirety of our immigration system and we continue to apply all the rules, all the checks, all the steps within our robust immigration system, in a way that can reassure Canadians and continue to ensure the Canadians continue to be one of the only places in the world that understands that immigration is a good thing for our country, good thing for our economy, good thing over for our future. As long as we continue to manage it right, which we are absolutely doing and on something from your platform yesterday with the attacks on companies like Netflix, are you concerned about strong pushback to this proposal from the Trump administration, as we've seen in France? If you proceed with this three percent tax on tech giant's operating in Canada? What is the rationale for such a move and is it in violation of the new USMC? A companies event are operating in Canada like the tech giants, Google Facebook, Amazon and others need to pay their fair share of taxes. We know that we're in a world where they haven't always done that and that's why we are following the lead of countries that we are friends and allies with, like France and the UK, to ensure that those tech giant's pay taxes on the revenue they generate in Canada. We are aligning ourselves with an international approach that has been worked out between the US and France, for example, and we are continually going to make sure that everyone pays their fair share, say no avec la France in Ohio, many, don't repeat: even satiric allegiance a web key for the presidio aka revenue, Co, Canada, pay, largest repair depot server, video voila Osmos, a second company sivanna capacity, the new pop, a yellow tempo in news analysts really give off a lotta, viscosity buffed and also does a monkey diffuser. Numerically, a Mont elec lyrics advocate a lot fewer Judas, Bloomberg, News, The, Globe and Mail this morning is reporting that Canadian and US officials are working on a joint action plan to reduce reliance on Chinese rare earth. Minerals. Are you aware of those efforts, and would you support them? I brought up this topic of conversation in my last meeting with Donald Trump, where I highlighted the Canada has many of the rare earth, minerals that are so necessary for modern technologies and as a terms of a country that is a solid Ally and a reliable supply of minerals that, as you point out, many of them come from China. It is in our interest to ensure that we have reliable supplies of these important minerals for technologies, and it's a conversation that are our government is leading them. Papago, Beeman, Global, News, there's a headline in the New York Times that says: Justin Trudeau Instagram prime minister struggles to resonate with young voters. How concerned, are you about resonating with young voters and perhaps more importantly, actually getting young voters to the polls. I was very pleased to be meeting with young voters yesterday in a town hall in which we talked about our approach on many things, but particularly around post-secondary education. We understand that young people are facing increasing pressures and barriers to succeed, and that requires more studies and more post-secondary education being available and that's why we're moving forward to continue to make post-secondary education more affordable when we took office in 2015 was about $2,000. Was the maximum Canada student grant we've now? We will now boost it up to $4,200 for students who need it right across the country. On top of that, you won't have to start paying back your student loan for the first two years after you graduate and then only once, you've started, making thirty five thousand dollars a year. Will you have to start paying back your student loan and if you start a family, we want your focus to be on giving all the opportunities to your young family. That's why? For the first five years of your child's life, you will not have to pay back your student loans either we are making student edge, making education more affordable for young people, because we know how important it is on that on our leadership on the environment and fighting climate change on gun control, which is an issue that matters deeply to young Canadians as well. We are moving forward in the right way and I'm very excited about how many young people are stepping up to get involved to volunteer to be part of moving to moving forward with the Liberal Party of Canada mr. Trudeau good morning, Omar sechina from CTV News. Here we are day 20 or midway through this campaign, and you have targeted key constituencies. You just talked about some of them: parents, students, the middle class and yet you're still not connect with with your main challenger, your main rival, Andrew Shearer. What's it going to take in the second half of this campaign to break that logjam and that deadlock, we are going to continue to talk about the things that matter to Canadians we've heard from Canadians, not just over the past number of weeks, but over the past number of years that, even though our economy is growing at record levels, even though we have over a million new jobs that Canadians created, including most of them full-time we've lifted 900,000 people out of poverty, including 300,000 kids. We hear very clearly from Canadians that there is more to do, there's more, to invest in people, there's more to invest in communities and that's exactly what we've put forward as a platform. More help for seniors, more help for young families, more help for workers more help for students, investments in the future of our country and the choice couldn't be clearer. Liberals are proposing to continue to invest in Canadians because it is working to grow our economy create opportunities for everyone. Conservatives are proposing tax breaks for the wealthiest and cuts to services for everyone else, they're proposing the same kind of austerity that didn't work for ten years under Stephen Harper and as we continue to approach the October 21st Election Day, we will keep talking, but the things that matter and the clear choice that Canadians are facing between choosing to move forward are going backwards, with weaker gun laws, with nothing to fight climate change and with tax breaks for the wealthiest and nothing for people who are working hard and needed. That's the choice. People are facing and I'm looking forward to October 21st mr. Trudeau, back on the subject of arms Barry. Watch that our socialist action Canada is the sixth largest producer weapons, the sixth largest exporter of weapons in the world. Why do you condone the sale of weapons to Saudi Arabia, which is using those weapons to to commit atrocities in Yemen and other places around the world? After ten years of poor choices by Stephen Harper's Conservatives, we move forward on signing the end, ratify moving for ratification of the Arms Trade Treaty, because we recognize how important it is for Canada to be a positive player, a positive leader in the fight against illicit arms and violence around the world. We've also moved forward on greater transparency and accountability, and indeed the contract. The secret contract that Stephen Harper, signed with Saudi Arabia for the sale of light armored vehicles is one that, quite frankly, was a terrible contract that involves penalties in the billions of dollars that Canadian taxpayers would have to send to Saudi Arabia if we breached that contract. That is something that it would be unacceptable to Canadians. That's why we're moving forward on on on verifying and reconsidering the export permits, while at the same time we're ensuring that the workers in London good middle-class jobs at GDLs in London have contracts with Canadian military to ensure that we are able to continue to support good jobs. While we stand up for the values and priorities of Canadians like follow up mr. Trudeau, are you aware that your campaign office in Montreal is now occupied by Haiti solidarity activists? And what would you say to those who asked why you back the undemocratic regime of jovenel, moise Hawaii wage war on on on Venezuela and continue to lead the Lima group with undemocratic regimes in Honduras, Guatemala, Colombia and many other places? Isn't this a POC recei I've heard a number of people bring up the situation of Canada's leadership around the Lina Lima group Venezuela as something to criticize we are standing up and respecting the Venezuelan Constitution, because for all those people out there who think that there was somehow a legitimate election for Maduro last year, they are wrong. International bodies have recognized that the election in Venezuela was illegitimate and Maduro is not the legitimate president of Venezuela and therefore, according to the Venezuelan Constitution, the leader of the National Assembly gets to become president and hold elections as quickly as possible. That is the movement towards democracy. That Canada is not just supporting, but leading on and I disagree vehemently with anyone who continues to support the murderous Maduro regime and the deep violations of human human rights and humanitarian crisis. That Maduro has launched April from an TV TV strudel, considering 300,000 Canadian living hong kong and hong kong, people has been fighting for their basic rights and democracy for almost four Mensa's US government has taken action to support Hong, Kong democracy, movement and the Iying process of passing the Hong Kong human rights and democracy act. So, if really liked it, what action will you take to protect Nene and living in Hong Kong and support Hong Kong democracy? Liberal government has not stated clearly whether you will ban my ways 5g and if we really liked it, would you ban Powys 5g. Our decision around telecom security in Canada is based on expert recommendations based on working with our five eyes. Allies, who are are working very much on the same issue. We will continue to follow the advice of experts, including experts in allied countries, on how to ensure that Canadians have the the right security around our telecom infrastructure. At the same time as we make sure that they're affordable for people getting that balance right is something that shouldn't be just left up to politicians. It's something that we need to respect the experts and the data on, and that is what we're doing in regards to Hong Kong. As you point out, we have three hundred thousand Canadian citizens in Hong Kong and we are always very concerned about their well-being. We continue to call for de-escalation for dialogue between the authorities and the people of Hong Kong and respect for the one country, two systems approach that has served well over the past years. Yes longer.