Good morning, everyone it's great to be here: Nick Whalen, our outstanding candidate for st. John's, East, Nick and I, were at the st. John's regatta back in August and I have to say it's easy to see why people fall in love with this part of the country, the warmth, the friendliness, the hospitality, that's what makes Newfoundland so special, then so other than Seamus O'regan. It possibly can McDonald I can't think of a better person to represent this video, not eleven it. So when you never stops working for this community and for the people around you, it's so fantastic to have me here on the team, my friends in every election we get to make an important choice about the future of hurtness. We get to decide what kind of kitchen we want to build together in 2015, after a decade of failed conservative policy, Canada's economy was flat. Each genomic growth, job creation, wage growth all were stalled thanks to a Conservative government that believed cuts and austerity for the answers to everything. Canadians chosen new team that was willing to invest in people and in their communities. There's more work ahead of us than there is behind us, but we've spent the last four years moving forward when they need us that so many parts do our best re thankful that that's why? Yes, they are not run Thomas. Sir. Your uncle Sonny Beauty on the Fox television departure basket was encounter dollar become an ultra is a need that little walkway and when he do he, we reopen veterans offices and invested in new resources to support the women and men. Who've served our country so bravely these things are making a real difference in people's lives. This fall Canadians. Once again, it's a vote for the kind of Canada they want to live. We've all got a choice to make keep moving forward and build on the progress we've made. We'll go back to the politics of the harpooneers conservatives like to say they're for the people, but then they cut taxes for the wealthy and cut services, education and support for kids. The Canadians know that you cannot cut your way to prosperity. That's why we chose to move Canada forward by investing in families and workers and in communities in four short years. Canadians have created over a million new just we negotiated new health reports with the provinces and territories, including the Newfoundland and Labrador, and with the Canada Child Benefit we're giving parents the help they need with hundreds of dollars tax-free every month. We know, there's still more work to do because right across the country, parents tell me that they're worried about how they're going to juggle a career and kids, whether you've got a toddler or a teenager. It's on people's minds and in those first few months with a new baby. When it's a struggle to get enough sleep, let alone get to the top of your game of work. It can be an even bigger concern. No one should have to choose between their paycheck and their family, a choice that, frankly, moms, are still confronted with more than dads, people should be focused on spending time with their baby, not worrying about how they'll pay their bills. So, today we're taking another big step forward. We are going to increase the Canada child benefit by 15%. If you have kids under the age of 1, that means getting up to $1,000 more on top of what you're already receiving and to give people more money up front we're making maternity and parental benefits tap. These tax exempt at source you'll get every dollar right when you need it, since no taxes will taken off the ER chat when new parents receive it, these new measures build on what we've already done for families. That's whether that's the five-week parental sharing benefits that help people take time as a family or the more flexible parental leave. So people can choose to spend spread the time off over 18 months, grasses emotional. These are externally Deadpool oppressed, assertive eternity illustrations about the killing of animals. Quahog proportion is a fulfill evocative and calculation kilowatt residents Parata. It mostly conscious, is what is extract for to Tiffany over the Nilka adaptive response, the kinsman ski rental car, a chameleon in the club Nouveau for intellectual Yamaha, except middle of the place, and to make paid leave terror for all families. For adoptive parents, I'm going to bring in a 15 week leave, which means an extra $7,000 for the average family, claiming we new adoptive leave. This is progress. The parents like Chris who's here today with your daughter, can kill me and we're not done yet, because all of this is laying the groundwork to go even further. Within the first year of being back in office, we're going to start building a national system of guaranteed paid family leave. This will be an ambitious program to make sure that no one gets left behind we're ensuring that parents who don't qualify for paid leave through AI, because they don't have enough hours or whether they're an entrepreneur or self-employed, receive a guaranteed income in that crucial first year of a child's life. That means unprecedented option prepare and it means cementing cannabis global leadership in support of families under a Liberal government. We will continue to invest in families like krysta and Piper, because at the end of the days, politics is about people. It's about you, maybe you're, a recent grad or maybe you're living your golden years out in retirement. Whoever you are. You deserve a real plan for your future. We've done a lot together these past four years, but the truth is we're just getting started so folks in st. John's and right across the country. You have an important choice to make. When we go back to the failed policies of the past or we really will, we continue to move forward. That's the choice, it's that clear and it's not important I'm thinking forward for everyone, the families for the middle class. We make sure that Corrections Canada keeps the safety of all prisoners at the top of mine every step of the way we do that in a way that is consistent with the Charter of Rights and Freedoms. We will continue to apply all the necessary to keep Canadians and people in our Corrections facilities, hi mr. Trudeau David Cochran, with CBC News. This is the fourth policy announcement of this campaign, where we've only gotten accosting from the Liberal Party of Canada. We do not have any independent third party costing and the Conservatives have done by releasing the PBO costing you change the rules to allow the Parliamentary Budget Officer to do that costing. Why are you taking full advantage of it by releasing they're costing in real time so Canadians can assess your promises. We have made use of the cartilage above the defendant officers, new new powers to cost political parties platforms. We use them on a number of our platform, announcements that will be forthcoming. We know it's important for Canadians to have objective review of the costs of various platforms and I can assure you that the Parliamentary Budget Officer has been very much engaged by the Liberal Party on a number of elements within our platform costing and when our full plastic flap platform costing comes out in the coming weeks. That will be abundantly clear, but why not release estate today? This is a promise worth in excess of a billion dollars a year when fully implemented today to properly assess it, it would be good to have the PPO, so we will have been full costing of the liberal platform with all the response. Our donut casserole doctor she and included stories about mr. Bernier is included in the televised leaders debate. Both the conservatives and rude Democrats have very vigorously opposed this, giving him a platform for some of its more extreme views. Your party's been relatively quiet on this. Why do you agree with giving him a national televised audience, but then we all remember that in the 2015 election Stephen Harper, the conservatives gained the system to cherry pick which debates they wanted to do and what that meant was there were no national network debates in English the Canadians could walk that was watched. That was part of the approach the Conservatives had to try and and not have Canadian see these debates. We made a commitment in that election that we wouldn't let that happen again. Then we would create an independent debate, commissioner, who would organize national debates official national debates and make determinations about the format of a who is included in an independent and responsible way. That is something that we committed to, and that is something we are actually moving forward on. That's what matters means that we have the right kinds of debates, and we are pleased that the Independent Commission is doing its work. Ask for mr. Burnett I. Look forward to holding him to account publicly for his intolerant views and I, certainly hope all of the leaders will do the same column. Is you build me? He knew working a song on other birds when Jim Commission editor now ask mr. Harper and they usually have a clear end of a phrase he can deliver you to the fan on Anglais, but a on a referendum Commission paid upon. He appreciate this is hisilani vive the commercial Amy, the SATA, monitor, show the experiment is occur and exceed effective at 11:00 is a spark to easel shell from the bay. So, let's see this on the design for maximum damage, the last article can enter a society. The tiny look we don't know it's just emotionally to kiss Authority sort of thing: the colony - pure solution. Second, nature of town, an effective form of the music who see may become a curse it in special education to be profitable, heavens man. Another point of insecurity. It's a momentary pathogenic or my COV partnership for the sport is already the focus really cylinder own internal communications director, dr. Machado security available on purchase with our lives and may those who see clavicular poor, because uranium is not contaminated people excessively. To move over a point of tectonics, it's Jessel externality. We are continuing to work with five eyes allies on this matter, which the authorities are taking extremely seriously. They'll understand that I'm not going to make more comments on this delicate situation. Good morning, Teresa Wright the Canadian Press there was another shooting at a mall yesterday in Alberta I know, you've said that you're waiting to announce your gun control measures, but don't you think, that's a little tone. Deaf. There was a 17 year old boy who was killed last week. Why not tell committees today what your plan is like? Oh we moved forward. We did not wait for this election campaign move forward concretely among strengthening gun control vendors. Over the past four years we made significant commitments in the 2015 election platform on gun control, keeping communities safe and we fulfilled those commitments. Unfortunately, the Conservatives have already announced it does going to be rolling back that strengthening of gun legislation in a return to the Harper years. That I know nobody wants further. We are going to be putting forward the next steps that a Canadian Liberal government will take on keeping our community safe and strengthening gun control. I look forward to talking about that in the coming weeks, but obviously our hearts go out to all the families who have been affected by its gun, violence that we've seen across the country. We need to do more, and that is what our political party is going to be doing more and I encourage all other parties, including the Conservatives, to begin to take gun control and the safety of our communities seriously. Instead of promising to walk back the changes, we are and not make further changes, Prime Minister we're here in Atlantic Canada today, you know there is a feeling among many Atlantic Canadian side. Your government has taken in the region for granted after giving you all 32 seats in the region. What would you do differently if reelected, to show that we care about Lana Canada? Has a priority and to not just hide election time, I think if you talk to many Newfoundlanders and Labradorians they'll talk to you about the fact that we renewed the historic Atlantic Accords just not a few months ago. That was something extremely important, Atlantic Canadians and they remember well how stephen harper betrayed atlantic canada and broke his promises on that. That's why we were so pleased to work with at Whitehall, and they got my name in Finland to ensure that we could move forward in a way it was fair and supportive of all Newfoundlanders and Labradorians. Why we're going to continue to work on priorities for different lenders and Labradorians, like rape mitigation, we've committed to continue to work with the premier and his government to ensure that cost of living in in in Newfoundland Labrador remains affordable, we're going to continue to work right across the Atlantic provinces. Our Atlantic growth strategy has demonstrated investments in immigration and infrastructure in real partnership with the Atlantic promises provinces that has continued to make a difference. I am so proud of withstanding with such strong Atlantic Canadians, who have been great places for their communities. Inaudible Hawaii avec, the implementation see I'm so livid about our own legally and I did problem. Commission, civically region, TC, news reports in Hebei, avec de Provence, non-toxic so repetitive, Sameera, see also a class on systemic Joseph pressure, delicate external fuckin, zero or Canada. That toxic, you know, constitute a very irregular good morning. Prime Minister daily a poll question and not the chemical question, you're expecting because I know the only poll that matters is Louise. We seen any number of polls which show a trend over the summer, which is a pretty divided country. You and your party very popular Ontario in eastern Canada, and not a party very popular in Western Canada sees be hardening and it's reflecting in the debate and you've really been going hard to serve. Those and conservative premiers and the last campaign you talked about. Conservatives are neighbors. We need to reach out to them. So how do we bridge this? East-West gap? Is urban rural gambling? What are your thoughts on once? The election is over, taking it down a notch. On the very first day of the campaign, I was in Western Canada BC, to launch my campaign. The very next day I stopped in Edmonton to talk without burdens about how important Alberta is people in Newfoundland note that Alberta has been an essential partner and creative wealth for all Canadians over many many years and as they face difficult times as Newfoundland others have faced difficult times with the price of oil. Recently, the rest of Canada has stepped up and been there for Western Canada, as we are for every corner of the country. We're going to continue to do that. We stepped up in meaningful ways like trans mountain pipeline expansion to ensure that it actually gets built, because that is something that matters to Western Canadians and there were lots of conservatives. Let me be very clear: I was praising a number of conservative leaders, former conservative leaders, who were essential as a part of Team Canada when we successfully renegotiated NAFTA, you can know of it when Canadians speak with one perspective, with different voices from across the ideological spectrum, but with a united message to American Congress to American Governors, to American partners on what matters to Canada the country comes together, and that was a great example of people from across the spectrum working together on something that matters for Canada. Unfortunately, we see a specific group of conservative politicians now who deny climate change, who are dragging their heels on infrastructure investments who are playing divisive games and bringing up the specter of Canadian unity. Once again, our Canadian disunity once again for short-term political gain. I will make no apologies for standing up strongly from unity in the country, but I will also do that in a way that continues to invest in Alberta and Saskatchewan in every corner of the country, because we know that this country only works when we work together. There's a lot of high on Thursday go. Why do I pay 45 lots of it across the Federation bridge when Montreal? Is you commute across a federally funded? Champagne breaks: don't pay a dime, it seems like a real double standard there. It's a free bridge for Quebecers I'm, going to be getting stuck with a big bill. Every time will you commit to eliminating the total for Islanders Confederation at the Champlain and Assembly of the Champlain Bridge was a replacement bridge. The confederation bridge was a new bridge that was built with the tools as part of the financing good morning, Michele dillio, with The Globe and Mail. There's been discussion across the world about some countries, including Germany, offering asylum to protesters in Hong Kong. Would your government offer asylum or permanent residents to Hong Kong protesters? We have 300,000 Canadians first priority and our first concern is for those Canadians who are very concerned about the unrest in Hong Kong right now. That's why we continue to call for peace. We continue to call for de-escalation for an end to violence and positive dialogue between the authorities and protesters. We are very concerned about everyone in Hong Kong, but particularly concerned about those 300,000 Canadians for their own cost. With all due respect, you're, not answering the question Prime Minister. Would you offer asylum to protesters in Hong Kong we're gonna focus on the 300 thousand Canadians, which is more than citizens of any other country in Hong Kong, and we will always look as we do at ways we can help can help people around the world were fleeing violence and persecution. Canada is one of the countries it takes in the largest number of asylum seekers from around the world, and we do it because we have a strong immigration system that Canadians can rely on Canadians, have confidence in our immigration system, we're going to continue to the truth of our values and make sure that we continue to be a safe and welcoming country palmistry home at dawn, sees world to espouse exactly windy enough, maybe not so coming up the special it was American on yet TV vac general counsel. Oscar! Never cannot really don't get some therapy a dilemma: new soldier P. Thank you actually, a creatively. The path we don't know. The personal of Lonnie, a regular on the news, a no continuity, excess telenovela like O'connor same CD. Further your comments on rape mitigation. The provisional government straight mitigation plan specifically cost two hundred million dollars annually from the federal government. Are you committed to providing two hundred million dollars annually to offset our major we've had excellent conversations with premier ball on this? We continue we're continuing to work with them. I can tell the commanders and Labradorians that a federal Liberal government will continue to be there for you to be there as a partner on the challenges you're facing. We were there to resolve the Atlantic of cords. We will be there to support on rape mitigation and I. Can I can tell you that we're working very hard on that and will continue to work very hard on that which way so specifically on the the 200 million? Did that a number like whether it's to refinancing the loans or through actual cash, or maybe it's that number? We are committed to resolving the issue of rape mitigation in a way that works for the lenders and Labradorians something energy economy, not a doll for the English obsessed, Joseph S or is equal to four years ago without when you were here. Are you committed to providing money for the voiceless, but he had other ways: power, consumption projects in this province four years later, we're standing there and there doesn't seem to be any progress towards that. What do you say there? There are. There have been very positive conversations going on with local mayors. There have been some challenges from the municipal side, but we continue to be committed to working in partnership with municipalities and province to settle this issue. We know that investing in infrastructure, particularly in fields like waste water, is essential to growing communities like cat, like st. John's, we're going to continue to make that choice that conservatives didn't make. We made the choice to invest in communities and people in infrastructure when conservatives promised cuts and austerity. Well, that's what they're promising once again to balance the budget at all costs, which we know means cuts to services and usually benefits to the wealthiest Canadians. That's the conservative approach. That was a Stephen Harper approach. We have a different approach of investing as partners to with municipalities in essential infrastructure, and we look forward to continue to work on getting that new wastewater facility for such a loser. Continue at the Quebec inspected. People and evasive technology uses a more precision priority public events for women, especially with the born conversation between Hispanic T, st. John's that can exist as you're. Considering the Quebec has converted a momentum swing yogurt about the federal to attack. What Donna? Oh, if there is a Martinez local news about vectors, 1, 0 disorder, Patsey bacterium, most avatar Josh was evil austerity Kapoor. We took the MST no consignee de Mesilla Valley signature, necessarily P yamadera, the Reg Lisa conjure in the progressive music. We make that commitment to 50% off the very top and we are still committed to that amount of money. You.