Well, good morning, everyone I am so happy to be back in Edmonton today, it's great to be joined by so many hardworking and passionate Canadians and I want to thank my friend and the candidate for Edmonton mill. Woods, Tim uppal, thanks very much Tim for being here, I'm. Looking forward to having you back in Ottawa as Canadians, we are the most fortunate people in the world. Our country's potential is as vast as the distance between our shores. Throughout our history, our leaders have brought people together from all walks of life from all around the world, in pursuit of something bigger than ourselves. Leaders like Sir John, a McDonald whose vision of a country that spanned from the Atlantic to the Pacific led to the Canadian Pacific Railway, like Louise, similar on whose vision of a more engaged more a united nation led to the st. Lawrence Seaway and the Trans Canada Highway, like John Diefenbaker, whose vision of a Canada of the north led to the first all-weather road across the Arctic Circle. These were leaders who could see beyond what was there to what there could be leaders who weren't afraid to turn to Canadians and say follow me. The journey will be difficult, but the destination will be worth it and in doing so, they created a tria possibility and opportunity. For someone like me, who grew up in a middle-class family can go on to run to be prime minister, say premier Minister a dad. A leader can have a pepper, the crocodile a Kennedy, a like an Indian down easier, Ella, dear sweet, a more severe difficile, Malaysia onvo LaShonda Samba tea and pay the possibility who cocoon come ma. Ke grandi does infamy teleclass my end pursue present a threat remedies. Justin Trudeau lacks the leadership and vision of those who came before him. He pursues short-sighted policies for short-term political gains, pitting region against region province against province, Canadian against Canadian, since taking office, Justin Trudeau has repeatedly attacked Canada's energy sector and the men and women who work in it. There's bill Bell c69 the no more pipelines bill. Then the shipping ban bill c48. He continues to turn a blind eye as foreign special interests smear our energy sector, which adheres to the highest environmental standards in the world. The results have been as depressing as they have been predictable. Two major pipelines cancelled trans mountain on life, support investment has left the country and hundreds of thousands of hardworking people have lost their jobs. Families across the country are hurting, sometimes desperately so in Trudeau. Just won't. Listen! Last December, just down the road from here in this queue, I met some of the unemployed oil patch workers. It was one of the most emotional experiences in my life. What I heard was heartbreaking story after story about hard-working Canadians, losing their good-paying jobs and struggling to provide for their families. The pain in their voice was clear, as was the hurt in their eyes. Albertans and all Canadians deserve better it's time for a government that understands that we're in this together that Canada works better when we work together and that our natural resources can be a for for good. Which brings me to why I'm here today to reaffirm my commitment that a new Conservative government will create a national energy corridor to carry Canadian energy and resources from coast to coast. It will move oil, gas, hydro, electricity, telecommunications and accommodate other linear infrastructure. It will be a transnational quarter that will generate economic and social benefits for the entire country. A national energy corridor will provide Quebec with opportunities to explore its hydroelectricity to new markets. It will provide rural communities with opportunities to connect to vital telecommunication infrastructure. It will provide economic opportunities for indigenous communities along the route juice we see, or should we prefer me in engagement, proceed on a new vote government conservative, back construed and corridor, energetic national for transport, ale, energy at a resource, natural Canadian Benassi on allatra TV era transported the patrol to gas, the leader electricity, I construed a link de cabra, the telecommunication able kudo treasures sister hand corridor. A transnational diversionary, disadvantaged economic, a socio poor tulip a castle. We the québécois, export a song, intro electricity, so the new Beaumarchais in our metro collectivity who have that's the connect, a an infrastructure or the telecommunication Vittal. Without our fear, they possibility economic or community attack done with a single corridor. Industry wouldn't need to submit complicated route proposals for every new project with a single corridor. We could minimize environmental impacts, lower the costs of environmental assessments without sacrificing quality, increase certainty for investors, get critical projects built and create good-paying jobs. A new conservative government will appoint a blue-ribbon task force to provide recommendations within six months of its establishment on how best to proceed will then work with offenses and indigenous peoples who would both share in the prosperity this project would provide to realize this vital coast-to-coast link. Now there will be those who say it can't be done who say it's simply too ambitious, but Canadians have heard that before and each and every time through, our determination and our enginee, we have proven the naysayers wrong. Canada has spent four years being a country of no under Justin Trudeau. That needs to change as Canadians. We need to return to the optimism and vision of great Canadians like McDonald sail, Iran and Diefenbaker. We need to start dreaming big again and we need to start dreaming together. We need to start building a stronger, more united country worthy of those who came before us and that our children and grandchildren deserve. We need to move from no to yes, yes to more responsible resource exploration, yes to getting our energy to market, yes to more, better paying jobs, yes to new infrastructure projects, that shorten commute times and keep our economy moving and yes to being a country where big things are possible and where every Canadian, whether here in Edmonton or Vancouver or Quebec, City or st. John's, has the opportunity to benefit from a strong energy sector. This election is about the future of Canada and the future of your family, and the choice is between a government that makes life more expensive and a new Conservative government that will support economic opportunities for all Canadians, a new Conservative government that will make life more affordable and a new Conservative government that will live within its means, put more money in your pockets so that you can get ahead. Merci, beaucoup. Thank you very much happy person good morning, Mr Shearer, Joyce, Napier CTV. You say your plan is ambitious and we know how difficult it is to build a pipeline. How are you gonna get the province to agree with you on this energy corridor? Well, you're! Absolutely right! It has become very difficult to get pipelines built in this country. It wasn't always the case. There are thousands of kilometres of pipeline all across Canada in every province, and I am convinced that, with this idea, we can address some of the concerns that that indigenous communities have that provinces may have and do the important environmental assessments all up front so that when project proponents come along, the the heavy lifting has been done and they can do what they've always done. That is get pipelines built with private sector money, not with taxpayers money. Mr. Kovic comedy series of your motel. They visit a community actor turn yesterday, Cotulla province valve valve are in situation keeper prophet a the set corridor. L sector pre-baked perfectly circular to your face is a constantly growing project. Avec la Ronda sector prevalent the contragravity. What would be your plan for boil water advisories on in indigenous communities? Well, the plan will be to ensure that there's both funding available for the capital requirements and ongoing funding to ensure maintenance and training for people on reserve to be able to make sure those facilities are working. So a lot more to say on that jethro out the campaign, but that is something that will be very important to to a Conservative government. Under my leadership, Thank You Kelly Malone, the Canadian Press you'll, be meeting with mr. Kenny today, but in Ontario you've made no effort to meet with the premier. There will. What was the decision to meet with mr. Kenny, and will he be meeting with other conservative premiers across well Jason Kenney offered to meet up with me today. I've known him for almost 20 years, where we're very good friends and I was excited to be able to to attend an event together. Today, I've been meeting with conservatives and Canadians all across the country who are tired of Justin Trudeau's, high taxes, massive deficits and embarrassing track record on the world stage. I've met with provincial leaders in Newfoundland and annum, Reds, wick and people from from all across the country supporting our great candidates and we'll continue to do so. Throughout this campaign we gotta participate even more. Should we avec nous ce que knee a news. Amoebas go right. Now he served try being impacted a decision. Do you think, lower leg of anomaly? We have, if there's one province, that it's been hit hardest by Justin Trudeau's record of failure and attack on the energy sector. It is Alberta if there is one province. That knows all too well the devastating impacts of things like Bill c69, like the carbon tax. It is Alberta and so I'm very excited to appear with mr. Kenney later on today see in province. Isa ibn Lee's impact disaster is named, Cleo sail abraca, it's ably impact a part of our safe zone. If the tax to the carbon Arata participate back mr. Kuney should be. People in Ontario are also worried about their economy. Does that mean you'll be meeting with mr. Ford at some point you're quite right. The people in Ontario are very worried about the impacts of the carbon tax. They are very worried about how the manufacturing sector in Ontario has been hit by the energy sectors. Troubles as well, and so I have no doubt that the people are Ontario are looking forward to a new Conservative government as well that we Canada it's a boy damas. Until the fair campaign, avec Monsieur, Candie George, reconsider, 1960 depository papakolea, okay, Becky Becky, suppose a seldom you can just quickly can acquire. Quebec was South Kissimmee there was a petrol Kennedy earlier the petrol Killian. Is it as me: Geneva policy to continually situation rule around a the consummate el duque, back vol al economy, the donut run yeah, oh c'mon, sauce, je ferme on schwa J prefer the petrol Demian Bichir kid school. Sure I know that Quebecers understand that it's better to buy Canadian energy, that it's, but it's it makes no sense that they're spending their consumer dollar on energy. That's coming from the from the United States I've made my choice: I support, Canadian energy I support, Canadian energy workers, I think the world needs more caning. Energy I think Canada needs more Canadian energy, and this energy quarter will help us accomplish exactly that same situation, a whole elaborate up or to the Canada center wall. The permit I'll construct the Lagrangian ergy come come, come non-skid. We fastened to the province put graffiti the cost on second MeV avec les sector initiative. It's a Sergey, pally, avec, mister logo, ill elated by in the past year, the dual effect abacus Vendela paraquad, so justly Platt, Kaveri, vac, vac, weak, poor, poor, poor. Clearly, the condition Paulo croissants economic Oh si si a neutral party. They set the corridor, energetic, give a permit. Looking back the partnership, you saw energy, eternal electric record deal, Laguna liberally, familia por su familia, por, por Cinco me a vacuum corridor, energetic avec, leur, construction delays, evil people in southern ad or a croissants economic diverter, a service institution tell mom you conclusion: B. Yes, so the Liberal government has closed the door on on the on the equalization formula, locking it in for another five years. I believe that, with announcements like this on the energy corridor, we can get big projects built again. We can get those pipelines built. We can get the energy sector back on its feet and Alberta will benefit greatly from that, as will all provinces. Good morning, Christy kirkut from The, Globe and Mail. Our newspaper has reported that it was not able to find any evidence that you were indeed a licensed insurance broker. Just for clarity's sake, were you ever a licensed insurance broker and, if so, for how long I was I did receive my accreditation under the Canadian and accredited insurance broker program and as I as my staff mentioned to your newspaper, I left the insurance office before the licensing process was finalized. One thing that's been pointed out is that your website, though, does say that you are a licensed broker and I know during the campaign. You've criticized Liberal leader, Justin Trudeau for not being as advertised. Does this mean that you are not as advertised if that is what it says on your website, as I said, I was I did receive my accreditation through the program CBC News, virtually every campaign. Stop we've been on. There's been environmental activists protesting you, you haven't spoken to any of them. That I've seen. Is there a recent reason why you're not engaging with these climate activists? Is there a reason why you haven't gone up to them to make your pitch in the environment? Well, you know I've engaged with Canadians all across this country. I've been attending public events and holding events that are open to the public. I have actually engaged with people who do come to my events. I was in Quebec for for an event and sat down with people who were concerned about a number of issues, so I'm always ready to engage with people when they have something to say or a question. I can understand the frustration of people who are concerned about the climate because of the failure of Justin Trudeau's handling of the environment. When we look at the fact that his carbon tax is not working, we're falling further and further away from our targets, but the cost of living is getting more and more expensive. I can understand the frustration there seems to be activists at every turn that we're on this campaign. Why do you think that they make a choice to come to your campaign? Events? Well, I. Note that they are also attending other leaders. Events, the activists that here today supporting our the activists who want the energy sector back on its feet. The people here who want to be able to work I have met with so many people who had the insult added to the injury of watching their company go bankrupt and selling the equipment to American companies to build projects in the US and this devastation that that has had on families in Alberta and Saskatchewan and in other provinces. Those are the people that I am going to be a champion for this announcement is how we're going to get this done to repair scoot a little back to moon yeah. The 4k. Do the reunion vectors on Kia he manifested or toward the nose a Eva Marcille Johnson National Post. Do you have a preferred route for this corridor end up on either coast and it has to go through Quebec yeah? Well, obviously, the the exact specific location will be determined by this blue ribbon panel and by after extensive calm consultations with indigenous communities and with premiers. Obviously it will need to get to ports. We would we would envisage this to go through areas that would ultimately allow us to export our energy around the world. So that would be the ultimate end point how we get there will leave to the experts, the scientists, the geologists and the first indigenous leaders, it's a very good point, because it's not necessarily about buying the land, it's about creating the regulatory approvals process, so that, as is the case already, with pipelines being constructed it's about establishing the regulatory process that allows the private sector proponents to do what they've always done in this country. So you know, as I said, the exact specifics and exactly where the route will go will be determined after these extensive consultations are done, but ultimately we would envisage this terminating in ports that will allow us to ship our energy around the world so that more Canadians more countries have access to Canadian energy, so they don't have to purchase oil and gas from countries with terrible records on the environment, with terrible records for human rights and the world can have access to more Canadian energy. The pipeline is not, of course, only something you have to take negotiate with province. This is also presumably have to expropriate private property to build an energy corridor across Canada I know there are people in Alberta who are upset, feel hard done by their Energy's landlocked and can't get out. But are you not concerned that by taking land, expropriating land, exposing people to risk of spills, and so on, when most of the benefits will come here? You're just transferring resentment from Alberta to other parts of Canada over this issue, not at all, and people here aren't just feeling hard done by they're feeling devastated. Many of them have lost their homes. They've they've been working for companies that have existed for decades that have gone bankrupt because there's no confidence that we can get things built in this country again and, as I said, there are hundreds of thousands of kilometres of pipeline now in Canada. This does not need to be done in terms of expropriating large amounts of land. It's about the regulatory process, addressing the environmental concerns and getting the indigenous consultations done properly and in terms of benefiting from it. There's no doubt that the people who have been laid off here in Alberta and Saskatchewan will benefit when we get these projects back up and running again, but the benefits of Western Canadian oil and gas is shared with all Canadians. It benefits every province in this country, a refinery jobs in eastern Canada, manufacturing jobs in Ontario and Quebec the revenue that goes into the federal government that allows the federal government to support provincial programs for health and education in every country. This is not a zero-sum game, and this is the problem with Justin Trudeau's attitude. He thinks that it's pitting region against region and he thinks the way to go, is to divide Canadians. My vision is to unite Canadians and promote the benefits of responsible resource extraction in Western Canada that benefits every single Canadian say, say: claire curley benefits in the sector of energetic EC on Alberta Saskatchewan and the the very face put tunic Olivier Leila's on Florida Avenue in Leicester Canada. Ladies on plural sector, the manufactory Ontario, a Quebec AOC, the revenue, key TBL, goon, more federal, key key key, a Kiva Oh lei lei service province, The Alchemist, Sante, a ledge occasion: oh allah, - leykin in da prophet, the like suction -, no resource natural, but back in 2016, you wrote that it was simplistic and wrong to think that brexit would bring political or economic uncertainty. You encouraged the British to vote to leave the European Union clearly took. Sides clearly took sides on that issue, so I'm not asking about whether you support that right to choose. We know you do I'm asking about you personally. What lessons? If any, have you taken from the last three years yourself personally? Well, as you mentioned at the time, I did publish that article. It was soon after Justin. Trudeau took a side in the conversation as well. I'm focused here during this campaign on issues that matter to Canadians that impact Aidan's daily life, making life more affordable, reducing the cost of living, putting more money back in their pockets, bringing in things like tax credits for kids, sports and eliminating the carbon tax. That's my focus, this campaign doing short, Edmonton, Journal and son. Yesterday we saw thousands of Canadians march and strike for or for the environment and for climate, and now today, you're announcing a national ing quarter. How do you plan to balance both concerns? Well, exactly because this corridor will allow the federal government to take care of and address environmental concerns up front, what's happening right now in the energy sector. Is that there's no confidence in the approvals process? Companies are not willing to put in the hundreds of millions of dollars only to have the Liberal government move the goal posts and change the conditions halfway through the process. This will create certainty. This will allow the federal government working with provinces to identify the environmental challenges that have to be addressed by project proponents, and then those proponents will have to meet those standards in order for projects to proceed. So this is a balanced approach that that achieves the dual goals of protecting the environment and allowing Canada to extract its natural resources. Well, as I said, this will be an ambitious project that will require a lot of consultation. I believe that can be done in the medium-term. Obviously we will wait to see what their recommendations are from this panel, but I do believe that we can start working on this within this first mandate and and ultimately get to the point where big projects can get built again in this country. Jordan, Olmstead, CBC amitin, just wondering you mentioned kind of balancing these these different competing objectives here. But how do you plan to meet the 20 30 pairs climate goals that you said that your government would meet when independent analysts say that your comment and wouldn't actually reduce emissions enough to meet those goals? Well, I reject those those statements. Our environmental plan is the most comprehensive policy ever put forward by a party in opposition over 50 specific, concrete proposals that will help Canada reduce emissions, not just here home but around the world, and that is the part that Justin Trudeau is missing in all of this, we could shut everything down tomorrow morning. We could tools down power down. Everybody, stop doing everything within a matter of weeks. China India Indonesia would replace all those emissions he's thinking too narrowly. It's easy for him to walk in parades or to make announcements with no details, but our plan allows Canada to export more of what we can produce here at a lower rate of emissions. For example, in Canada we can produce aluminum thanks to our hydroelectricity and technological advancements at a fraction of the emissions for that same unit of production in China. It doesn't make sense to chase those jobs and investment here from Canada only to see production moved to other countries where emissions will actually go up, but so by exporting our clean technology. Our advancements like carbon capture, we can do more to lower global emissions and, after all, isn't that the point isn't the point for there to be fewer molecules of co2 in the atmosphere. That's what our plan does? We miss a clear Network, plomp, longer mozilla, comprehensive the proposai power in partying opposition least wadu' canada, yeah previous segments Monsieur, specific Kiba realism is your EC au canada may dancin contacts global OC. It's a Cecilia shows Kimmy adjusting to the mark in a constant romper. So the impact we realize emission of exportation, the energy proper, a small technologic- and just can you point to one example in your plan that would actually push us towards reducing those emission targets past mr. Trudeau's plan well sure we maybe announcement just a few days ago about our green home renovation tax credit, which will lead to lower energy bills for Canadians, making life more affordable and less energy being consumed. That's estimated to be at least nine megatons of co2 reductions. People could do one thanks very much.