Good morning, everyone merci beaucoup death Khaleesi. Thank you very much for joining me here this morning we are only two days away from Canadians. Finally having their say on Justin Trudeau's last four years as Prime Minister, don't signal visual. They cut in the input hall all thanks to potency, so they danyetta thrown these names. Widow come creaminess four years of higher taxes of broken promises of failed policies of ethical scandals, four years of failure after failure. After failure now I've spent the last 38 days, traveling this great country making the case for a conservative majority government a government with a plan that will help you get ahead. We're going to scrap the Trudeau carbon tax, which will lower the cost of everyday essentials like gas, groceries and home heating. We're gonna. Take the GST off home heating costs, we're going to introduce the universal tax, cut, saving a family with average salaries, 850 dollars, we're going to introduce tax credits for parents who put their children in sports, math language or arts programs, take public transit or invest in green renovations for their home. We're going to make maternity benefits tax-free, putting up to $4,000 back in the pockets of new parents, we're going to increase the Aged credit, helping a senior couple, save an extra three hundred dollars per year and boost the government matching contribution to our ESPs by 50 percent to help more parents save for their kids education. Now to do it, I will put an end to taxpayer handouts to rich corporations and stop sending foreign aid to wealthy countries that don't need it or hostile regimes that don't deserve it. Over the last week, I've outlined my 100 day action plan. The steps, a new conservative governor, we'll take right away to put more money in the pockets of Canadians I, will task former BC Finance Minister Kevin Falcon and former Via Rail CEO Yves deja de Siciliano, with identifying 1.5 billion dollars in corporate welfare savings. So we can put that money back in your pockets within 45 days of forming government. My finance minister will table the get ahead fiscal update, which will lower taxes for Canadians before the end of the year. I'll also convene a meeting of Canada's premiers and on in Ottawa on January 6 2020 to begin breaking down, interprovincial trade barriers to usher in a new era of national unity and cooperation. I'll also bring in stiff new penalties for up to $20,000 for politicians who violate the conflict of interests, act as Justin Trudeau has done twice and I will repeal Justin Trudeau's carbon tax. Take the GST off home heating bills, starting January 1, so no Canadian is stuck paying more during another cold winter Okuda, a ten-year Suman GP present a more planned action. They saw premiers or the natural Nouveau guru. Conservative, hey como news along her met with the legend of a posh Damon, no Javaid a Monday along see a mini so definitely cannot be platonic. Kevin Falcon, along CND Rijo, the vrl. If the Jardine sistiana did on TV a enviable sank media on Subhan, Co Santa, please, a barometric set our John Donne a posh, the Canadian. The only premier cannot thank Jul. The net Raghuveer mo lemon is to the finals. By present, a lamb is a jewel economic plus Porvoo. They might know each other Eagleman calm. Okay, our contra Beckley premier minutes province, EO, a territory of the cessation of a portion per discotheque, the commerce interior JaVale symmetry on plus the Nouvelle penalty. Poly politician constant flow king of frame la loire, silicon flea, daintily asia by an elite attack, Silla carbon eliminate aps to the chauffeur's versus on CL daily premier zombie. Our plan is achievable, its responsible and, most importantly, we'll start working on it right away. Now. Compare that to Justin Trudeau, who is openly talking about forming a coalition government with the NDP instead of getting down to work and instead of making your life more affordable, Trudeau would spend his first 100 days in backroom negotiations with the NDP dealing away your hard-earned tax dollars, so he can remain Prime Minister. Now. Let me be blunt: a Trudeau led government with the NDP calling the shots would be the worst possible outcome for Canadians. It would be a costly coalition that Canadians cannot afford and to see what Canada might look like under a Trudeau NDP coalition. We need only to look at the last time we had a Trudeau NDP coalition between 1972 and 1974, when Pierre Elliott, Trudeau and the NDP cut a deal deficits, climbed income, taxes soared 40% and other taxes and fees by more than 60 percent. By the end of the 1970s, the Trudeau NDP coalition, Canada's economy was spiraling down, and debt and deficits were out of control. Canadians cannot afford another Trudeau NDP coalition, not now out of time when everything is already getting more and more expensive and when so many Canadians are barely making it to the end of the month. Without the money running out now we already know that a Justin Trudeau led government with the NDP calling the shots would run a forty billion dollar deficit in year. One I don't just take my word for it. That's right out of their platforms, and it's all right there for Canadians to see it's a costly coalition. Canadians cannot afford. Justin Trudeau has made it clear. He will pay any price to stay in power and he will use your money to pay it today until oh I declare give up a name: port, Capri, por, este opa VAR, a in value to these a vataj all pull a TV, and so the choice is clear: an NDP government wearing a Justin Trudeau mask that will raise taxes, kill jobs, damage our economy and take more money out of your pockets or a conservative majority government that will live within its means and put more money in your pockets. So you can get ahead. The schwa DeVoe naked in da Eclair and give it a Monday the end payday keep Orton masks. Did you think could all give out augment daily, simple, eliminate these unemployed new year al economy? It pronto blue, -, wrong the - oh, and go tomorrow. Government conservative majority give Aviva salon semi-metal plea, -, John, Donvan fash for coop. We see a on a warpless, they might now. Four years ago, Justin Trudeau made a lot of promises to get elected. He promised to balance the budget and then buried our children and grandchildren under billions of new debt. He promised to fight for the middle class, but then increased taxes on 80 percent of us. He promised to do politics differently, but now he's prepared to sell Keynes out in a coalition with the NDP time and time again. Trudeau has proven that he is simply not as advertised and here in the GTA. More and more people are coming to that conclusion. It's the same conclusion that Leona Alice lab came to a little more than a year ago in 2015 Leona ran for Justin Trudeau. As a liberal, she believed him when he said he would be different, that he would stand up for the middle class that he would balance the budget like he said he would and that he would be open and transparent like he said. He would and like many liberals here in the gthe one, but as it turned out, Justin Trudeau wasn't who he claimed to be like every liberal here in the GTA Leona had a front row seat to watch, Trudeau break his word, break the bank and break the law. But, unlike every other GTA liberal Leona took a stand. She refused to stand by behind it. Justin Trudeau and she saw in the Conservative Party a real voice for her constituents in Aurora Oak Ridges Richmond Hill, who work hard who care for their families who are fighting to get ahead and who just want the government to get out of their way. And so she joined our team and on Monday we are going to elect a whole bunch of new Conservative MPs from the GTA to join her in a new Conservative government, and so, as this campaign draws to a close and as Canadians make their final decision, I say this rendezvous at a million the kennedy and asia. They say they devote a conservator paschal vote for mayor future corn, peony ooh, Oakland ambition, Oakland objectiveness on all deporte it'll converge any impossibly a fairly. They join the millions of Canadians who are already voting conservative because they're voting for a brighter future, a closer more united country, where no ambition is to bold, where no goal is out of reach and no project too big, we're Canadians from every province and territory and first nation can take part in and contribute to our shared prosperity and where the government gets out of your way. So the only thing standing between you and the life you want is the desire to make it a reality. So, let's turn the page on a prime minister that long ago lost the moral authority to govern and a Trudeau NDP coalition. You can't afford, and let's choose a conservative majority government- let's elect MPs like Daniel Lee right here in Willowdale MPs, that will work to lower taxes and put more money back into your pockets. That will work as a part of our conservative team to make your life more affordable, to reduce your commute times to fight climate change by lowering global emissions while not making you pay more to heat your home or drive to work. We have a real plan to help you get ahead, it's a plan that will work, but first we need to elect a strong conservative majority government and I'm asking for your vote on October 21st. Thank you very much. Merci beaucoup good morning, Mr Shearer. It's quite interesting that you should bring up the 1972 election because, as you know, a lot of people compared you to Robert Stanfield and one of the things that was cited as the downfall of Roberts Anfield is. He was an ardent champion of the rights of Quebec and in the caucus at the time that didn't go over so well. Think of his support for the official languages Act in this election, even making a lot of very specific promises to Quebec. Again, if we go back to the 1990s, your predecessor, Brian Mulroney, and his promises to Quebec were what led to the alienation of the West and the rise of the reform movement. Do you not see yourself putting that that back and play? We know that Alberta is so angry these days, but you've net you've been there only once this campaign I've actually been to Alberta more than once, but on that, it's quite clear that under Justin Trudeau region has been pit against region. Justin Trudeau has divided Canadians he's divided provinces, he's failed to stand up for the types of big ideas, the big projects that can bring this country together. The commitments I've made to Quebec flow from a conservative principle of decentralization. We respect the the the provincial area jurisdictions. We respect federal areas of jurisdictions. We are offering Quebecers a single income tax return like every other Canadian enjoys. We are offering them specific infrastructure projects that other provinces will also be able to. That will also get support for their projects as well, so I reject the notion that in any way, one province is treated differently under the conservative platform and I would again point to that. My vision of a national energy quarter will bring this country together, we'll get Western Canadian energy to Eastern, Canadian markets, getting us off of foreign oil, stopping the practice of tanker after tanker foreign oil coming into our our markets. Well, the same time giving Quebec an opportunity to share its hydroelectricity with other provinces on a quarterback set set preemies no news off the news off roll. The Quebec le Quebec, where Quebec was remember, shows Kuta is also Canadian was to say in so appalled a poor, unique I've, really project. If you secure a Quebec Quebec back, lament funky voice or dispo nibbler police, auto progress, a jacilla solar back in vision, preset, very poor and corridor initiative, upper metal energy to the Western Canada on trade, only March data, less the Canada, a akiva IOC parametric cubic topology, so either I want to stay on Alberta for a minute. You've often cited Justin Trudeau's environmental policies as being behind the downturn of the oil industry and Alberta and the economy there. But yesterday there was several thousand people on the streets of Alberta people whose livelihoods are presumably connected to the oil industry in some capacity and what they were asking for was more aggressive action on climate change, and so what's your message to them about your platform? Well, we are the only party with a real plan for the environment, with a plan that will actually give Canada a chance to achieve its Paris targets. We're talking about taking the climate fight, global, lowering global emissions, doing more of what Canada can do so well without a lower rate of emissions. It doesn't make any sense to shut down Canadian Industries, only to see that production move to countries with lower environmental standards or without the same access to clean technology that we've developed here. So our plan will allow Canada's energy sector to grow the people of Alberta and Saskatchewan, get back to work. All provinces benefit from that, whether it's the manufacturing sector, whether it's a federal government revenues that are able to support important services while at the same time lowering global emissions, we're also going to put more money back in the pockets of Keynes, with our green home renovation tax credit, which will lead to lower energy bills, lower consumption, lower co2 emissions good morning, Christie Kirk up with The Globe and Mail Warren Kinsella was apparently hired to do your party's dirty work in attacking Maxim Bernie, a with the condition that the contract wouldn't be traced back to the Conservatives. How do you think the public will perceive this? We don't make comments on vendors that we may or may not have engaged with. So to that end, did your party hire mr. Kinsella to attack the Liberals? As I said, we don't make comments on vendors that our party may or may not. Have we just we never make into comments on vendors that we may or may not have engage with sushi r ii said I skeeve reco, but party on Geary mr. Kinsella pull seek and destroy Paul datoria maxim, belney natural patina news empire. They come out there, so they contract on Napoli may on the favorite had the commentary, so the contract Connor would earn a passive about this comedy scene. The party on say on the paddock commentator 7lv on Napa. We do the Marquis the transparent spoke when a transparent, para Baba's do say. If we we know abortion film, who did real. That's invisible on FF, add a comment here, so they contract arc, Connor kenapa, SJ, Trapani ministry new brunswick year, mr. Higgs progresses, conservator chemical, okay, Becky, laughs, Agati de la fille receive Ellen Bunner, the consumer lap, Iroquois Co, Paula, Quebec I do not exist, nor the portion is AC converter corridor, energetic in a coop pack, the Quebec I. You know, I get your own phone Shirley schuk province. Other proper owns the property fee is a whole new government, the governing portal, a Kennedy responsibilities, Paula premiere-minister, the Google and a portal, a Kennedy it Cecilia his own pool, ecology baba in in in many a collaborative pack on from the earlier della confrontation convoy, I've. Actually, Iraqi should can directly province. Sure I, you know, I I reject the notion that Quebec is a special child or whatever the term may be I believe that all provinces are have their unique challenges: their unique issues. It's the role of the Prime Minister to address all issues that affect all Canadians that affect all provinces in a way that brings our country closer together. That's the manner that I will take a cooperative approach, respecting provincial areas of jurisdiction and, and that is in sharp contrast to Justin Trudeau, who is fighting with provinces, attacking problem premiers during this campaign in court with other provinces. So Cannes can be quite sure. They'll have a government under my leadership that helps strengthen national unity and strengthens our Confederation good morning. Mr. schirra Libya Stefanovic, with CBC News, have you and where your party hired war and can sell, is firm to do anything this election campaign. As a rule, we don't make comments on vendors that we may or may not have have contracts with. We don't offer comments on on contracts that may or may not exist on vendors that we may or may not have a relationship with you just claim that Trudeau is openly talking about a coalition which is not true, and you you also repeated in Quebec yesterday. This GST claim, which you're saying that the NDP and Liberals have this plan to increase the GST e, Trudeau and Singh both said yesterday. That's not true! So as Prime Minister, how can Canadians have confidence that you will be truthful well, he is talking about staying on as prime minister in the event that he doesn't win. The most seats he's talking about a so-called progressive government. He is failing to be transparent, about which taxes he will raise to pay for getting the NDP support. When you look at their two platforms, we can see quite clearly that this will be a coalition that Canadians can't afford in order to pay for their promises, they will have to raise the GST or raise personal income taxes or make cuts to important social services, and if Justin Trudeau truly believes that Canadians want this costly coalition, then he has the obligation to tell Cannes today exactly which taxes he will hike to pay for the NDP support, say: Claire could call a platform related party in coalition, with NPD a liberal of the augment le deficit in or memo a cruise into, the doís of walk, augment a lazy in Pope, Felipe, Belmonte, late, ApS apartment, a lays aim for personnel may lobby gasuto the XV k, claremont or canadian cal simple varmint, a avec su song coalition have a claim paid a economic Reger, CTV News sure you say you want to restore ethics to government. You want to be transparent. I find it astounding that you can't answer that basic question about whether you hired this company or not. Why does the great privacy or secrecy about this? Why can't you be transparent? With Canadians about this as a general rule, when it comes to what it relates to party matters, we don't comment on contracts who may or may not have with vendors. Why? It's a we don't offer comments when it comes to internal party matters. When it comes to contracts that may or may not exist, we don't offer comment so Mr Shearer is all province. I mean terms every know me or do not get back happy, Diwali the referring to only Sookie, because I be dividing platform-specific, okay, Beck s-curves. That is just about the nearly cooked silica, because mama to news around a song, Shiva -, Savita, -, lai, lai, laily province, say Claire Korea days or specific beaucoup de Provence polar Quebec news. Everyone know me clearly not know son cash mob avec des québecois, kept across with our coffee on we're in story in so rapid tempo. It's an epic Polly's, Auto province, Pascal shackled province summer on the up really like Roger important important comment. Was here me a Quebec. We already know me and looting on the Quebec say: a pompom are poorly kept. Equality requires savkin guven among conservative battle. A profound role in accion Quebec was a porous Eric. The National came across a grand deal for forty dollars in pay. You need a say: Claro seek for the québécois. Quebec was the new Papa in coalition antral NPD, a liberal and coalition Kiba could classic model a simple. It's a solution and guru mom as retail concept. Eric evac expect a they between the the Quebec give are basically simple: Iran to levy blue abbadabba ruin. Call this. You know, give our model a simple: it was it Yankee climate PFT Akiba comment on save it: sick, Lata, muda, Quebec, a lead, the lava sea Turkish a could Shakur a poppy room where cat media Dada la come ask of wistfully faded, epoxy altered action, a Quebec, a local iridonia vegeta news of all montreal canadiens act amount come on Latonia, equally bullshitter, mmm, town, Quebec, respect a tool, a project infrastructure, keysaw approve a a signatory, a small Shack Pro project home, a tramway, a kit, a approve, a on that respect. A AOC new, similar SIL party, less sul party, give up. We literally today included iike the hegemony exists, the path the bloc québécois lmpd's, not to count or new summer service. Olmo I reckon government concept also know exactly deputy conservator to Quebec. Ask that was in live a Creole is a mister here. What would you be prepared to compromise on to gain the support of another party in a minority situation? I think at this point, in the campaign with two days left, the burden is on Justin Trudeau to explain exactly which taxes he is going to hike or which big projects he will kill to earn. The NDP support in a coalition we've been very clear with Canadians as to what our platform contains and I've been out lying. My 100a action plan, Justin Trudeau, has not. He has not indicated what what that deal might look like Jagga need, Singh is calling for the cancellation of the Trans Mountain project. Will that be something that will be a condition for the NDP liberal coalition in order to pay for their forty billion dollars worth of deficits which taxes will go up? These are the questions that Canadians are asking themselves and asking the Liberals before they make their vote on Monday, and if Justin Trudeau really believes that Canadians want an NDP liberal coalition, then he needs to have the backbone and the courage to tell Canadians exactly which taxes he's going to hike to pay for the NDP promises you're both running to be the next prime minister. Why is it incumbent on him and not uncommon on you to say what you'd be willing to compromise in order to form government and minority? Well, we are asking for a strong mandate to be able to implement the things that we're outlining our 100-day action plan that we've been going over. The last few days speaks to exactly how we're going to make life more affordable, leave more money in the pockets of Canadians, on the contrary, Justin Trudeau is, is, is obviously contemplating what he might have to do to earn the NDP support. We know that will lead to massive new deficits and higher taxes to pay for it. This will truly be the coalition that Canadians can't afford, and so next few days we were asking Canadians for a strong mandate, so we can lower taxes, put money in the pockets of Keene so that Canadians can get ahead. Mr. Schurr, is it ethical for a party in the middle of an election campaign to hire a skullduggery firm to potentially dig up dirt on an opponent and if the Liberal Party did this, would you be demanding transparency from them? Well, we're not going to make comments on contracts that may or may not exist. That's what the principle of digging up during your opponent hiring a firm to do it secretly and I said we're not gonna make comments on on contracts, I may or may not exist, or with vendors that we may or may not have Warren Kinsella. If it's true, your party hired him was also responsible for spreading misinformation and encouraging misinformation around Justin Rose time at West, Point Grey Academy, your party put at a press release basically encouraging those rumors. Should people infer that it's possible that your party helped spread misinformation and work with him to do so. We have been very open and clear with Keynes about exactly what we are going to offer as a government we're going to lower their taxes. We will lower their taxes. We will put more money in their pocket. We will get back to balanced budgets over a responsible period of time. On the contrary, what they don't have from Justin Trudeau is a clear explanation of what an NDP liberal coalition would look like, which taxes he would raise to pay for the NDP's promises. That's what Canadians have a right to know in the next few days before the election day, Chris Ellie from the National Post provides all kinds of supports for businesses and industries. Trade tax breaks loans, grants that add up to much more than 1.5 billion dollars. What's your definition of corporate welfare, what we said when we made this announcement was that we would apply a lens, a filter criteria to corporate welfare, to eliminate government funds, taxpayers funds from going to highly profitable companies, companies that use that money to invest in other countries or that use the money to reward shareholders or CEOs. Can you provide some examples of corporate welfare under the Justin Trudeau government that you would sure well 12 million dollars to Loblaws? For starters, a multi-billion dollar family, a multi-million dollar operation, received twelve million dollars of taxpayers money. That's a that's an easy one! Mr. Schurr Mike litter from global national. In your speech, you said that Justin Trudeau is openly discussing a coalition with the NDP. Besides some line that he's saying about electing a progressive government other than that. What proof do you have to that claim that he's openly talking about it, because he has not to this point well he's talking about ensuring that he stays on as Prime Minister. If he does not win the most seats, he's talking about on a cool he's? Well, it's up to him to explain exactly how their relationship might work. It's up to him to explain exactly which taxes might go up. We've indicated to Canadians just to pay for some of the deficits that they will rack up. The GST would have to go from 5 to 7.5%. They do have other options. They could raise personal income taxes. They could cut important transfers for social services, but one thing Canadians can be sure of is that the deficit will be higher and taxes will go up, and this will be the coalition that Canadians cannot afford. So, throughout this campaign, you have talked a lot about Justin Trudeau, losing the moral authority to govern so the last two days. You have put out a lot of assumptions without any proof, and today you're not answering a question which is very simple one over whether or not warrant consult was hired by the Conservatives. What do you see? Canadians that you lack the moral authority since you cannot answer these basic questions? We have always been open and transparent with cain's as to what we will do as government and that's exactly what we're going to continue to do. We're gonna show Canadians in the next few days exactly which taxes we are going to lower to leave more money in their pockets, so they can get ahead, and that is in stark contrast to Justin true who has a none costed platform who only half of his platform commitments have PBO costing behind it and he is refusing to come clean unto what types of arrangements he will work under which, under with with the NDP, which taxes he will increase or which projects he would kill in order to earn NDP support. I note again, mr. Singh is talking about canceling the trans mountain pipeline as a condition. A star, Liberal candidate is saying that there will never be another pipeline built under a Liberal government. He needs to be open and transparent with Canadians about that before Monday before Canadians go to the polls Oh. As a rule, we don't make comments on contracts that may or may not exist her Avengers that we may or may not have Katie Simpson CBC News, Mr, Shearer you're standing here and you're. Refusing to deny that your party hired Warren can sell it to dig up dirt on your opponent's at best you're peddling and misinformation, when you attack the Liberals about planning to legalize hard drugs and planning to implement a secret tax on the sale of their houses. And yesterday you completely fabricated, a claim that the Liberals and the NDP would raise the GST with absolutely zero proof to back that up on October 22nd when you wake up or how are you comfortable? Are you with the campaign you have run so? First of all, of course, I disagree with much of with with your premise. It is quite clear that liberals will have to raise taxes to pay for their deficits. That is that is as night follows day. Taxes go up when deficits are allowed to balloon and and last for so long, and when you look when you look at the when you look at the fact that the Canada Revenue Agency has started to collect information on the sale of primary residences and when you look at the fact that this is something that senior ranking Liberal MP was advocating for. When you look at the fact this was a policy item that was suggested. It is reasonable for Keynes to worry about Justin, Trudeau, breaking promises or doing things that he said he wouldn't do during election campaigns, because we saw that in 2015, and we saw how that turned out. What I'm saying to Canadians today is that under an NDP liberal coalition, those deficits will balloon and taxes will have to go up to pay for it. If it's not the GST, it's up to Justin Trudeau to say which taxes it will be, but it is clear in order to pay for the NDP promises, Justin Trudeau will have to raise taxes. He has the obligation to tell Canadians which taxes he will raise. Are you comfortable with the campaign you've run every morning we have gotten up and we have put forward a positive platform offering hope and opportunity for Canadians helping to make their life less expensive, more affordable, helping Canadians achieve their goals and aspirations and I'm very confident that, as we get to work to implement our tax cuts, our policies that will lead to more jobs, greater economic growth, a better quality of life I will be very excited to implement that Canadians will be very excited about the money that will be returned to their pockets. In contrast, Canadians know that an NDP liberal coalition will balloon that deficit and raise taxes to pay for it and again it's up to Justin Trudeau today to explain exactly which taxes he is going to raise to pay for the NDP's promises, but just one last follow-up. Mr. chair, what is the rule that you have here that you can't you can't say which contractors you're working with we just don't we just don't comment on the contracts that we made it may or may not we just don't. We don't make comments on contracts that we may or may not have or vendors that we may or may not have have engage with Liberal leader Justin Trudeau had said that would you be? Would you accept that answer? It's a we. Don't we don't make comment on contracts it may or may not have thanks very much your own merci beaucoup.