Good morning, everyone and thank you all for being here- I've spent the campaign talking about our conservative plan to put more money in your pockets, so you can get ahead and while I've traveled unveiling cost-saving measures for Canadian families, Justin Trudeau has been talking obsessively about the one percent and no wonder the wealthy and the well-connected have a direct line to Justin Trudeau. Whenever his millionaire and billionaire friends called Justin Trudeau jumped at the chance to hand them millions of dollars whether there was any reason for it or not, it's clear that under Trudeau, the more you have the more you get now. This simply isn't right. Under Justin Trudeau, there are millions of Canadians who are working harder than ever before, with little to show for it so Trudeau the emilion de Canada, Inc and again bye-bye before cuz I'm, a salwar Delhaize with that it's time for a government that puts your needs. First, yesterday, I unveiled my plan to do just that. My plan for you to get ahead. Unlike Trudeau, a new Conservative government will put more money in your pockets, so you can get ahead in a tone. Devar and Google monkey cred vobis way on priority. Yes, a president, a mom plan pool affair, mom plan for Amir, a votre Coeur en contra bar Trudeau univille government conservative I met with leaders on Dumbo posh perk of whoop. We see a Emir a what record yet now. How are we going to do it? First, we're gonna cut taxes with our universal tax cut. Every Canadian saves a couple. Earning average salaries saves 850 dollars a year, will scrap the carbon tax that makes everyday essentials more expensive for families. We're going to take the GST off home heating, well bring in the green public transit tax credit saving, a family who takes transit. Almost a thousand dollars will make maternity that, if it's tax, putting up to $4,000 back in the pockets of new parents and will introduce kids, sports arts and learning tax credits, so you can save two hundred and twenty-five dollars per child per year to keep them active and engaged we're going to boost the RESP helping parents get more for their kids education and will increase the aged credit, benefiting the lowest income Canadians the most and giving a senior couple up to three hundred dollars. What's more, a new Conservative government will cut wasteful spending and redirect it to the things that matter to Canadians we're going to cut foreign aid by 25% from the countries that are relatively well-off and redirect it to the countries that need it. The most we'll get rid of Justin Trudeau's, 256 million dollar payout to the Chinese, controlled Asian infrastructure bank and we're going to cut Trudeau's corporate welfare by 1.5 billion dollars. Right now, the Liberal government gives taxpayers dollars to wealthy executives, shareholders and foreign companies. This is as ridiculous as it is unacceptable. Your money shouldn't go to millionaires running billion-dollar companies. Enough is enough. Today, I'm proud to announce the Canadians who are going to help put an end to Trudeau's frivolous spending, his payouts to the well-connected, the handouts to his friends in my first 100 days as Prime Minister I will appoint Kevin, Falcon and Eve -. Are they Siciliano to lead the Commission on the reduction of government subsidy programs to corporations as co-chairs they will be tasked with identifying 1.5 billion dollars in cuts to these profitable corporations. A new Conservative government will then redirect that money to those who actually need it. You and your family Kevin is the former deputy premier and finance minister here in British. Columbia Eve is the former president and CEO of Via Rail Canada. Both are well respected. Financial executives who bring the right combination of experience and expertise to the job Padme some premier jewel, comprar - Giovanna me Kevin Falcon, a Eve -. Are they in sistiana pedir EJ, the Committee on solar hydrogen, a Subhan CEO was on -. Please come co-president. Yvonne identify in media editor middle are the reduction they serve on. Cl was on to please a Nouveau government, conservative, Adonai cetera a circular. You know. Remember this way, vous a but refer me Kevin, a Lancia. This premium is a minister. They finance EC on Columbia Britannic, evil on cm president, the electors Neil have the vrl Canada, so sundar Qaddafi Nancy a Otmar respective a key, a frolic communist. As you know, perfet experience and expertise. It's ridiculous that Trudeau is spending money in other countries who are relatively well-off while Canadians are falling further and further behind and I'd like to thank Kevin Andy for agreeing to oversee this important initiative and I look forward to them getting down to business after October 21st. As I've said throughout the campaign, Canadians face an important decision on October 21st, who do you trust to put more money in your pockets? So you can get ahead. Unlike Trudeau I have a plan for every Canadian to get ahead more money for you to pay for your bills, your groceries to save for your kids, education, more money for seniors on fixed incomes, more for recent graduates and new Canadians, who have just entered the job market, more money in your pocket, more money for you for your kids for your retirement. You shouldn't have to be a billionaire to get your governments to sit attention. Instead, you deserve a government that knows how hard you work understands, how much you already pay and has a plan to help a government and a prime minister whose first priority will be to help you get ahead. Thank you very much. Merci, beaucoup happy to take your questions. Hi mr. shear um. Just getting back to the platform yesterday, you one of the planks is to have a ban on travel to terrorist hotspots. Can you explain how that would work and how it would be constitutional? Well, what we're saying is that when people go to places where there are clearly terrorist activities or or places where Isis and other types of terrorist organizations are engaged in in war, genocide and things like that, that people will have to show a reverse onus on the rash now the reasons for why there are other aspects of the criminal code that have these reverse onus provisions, and we think it's incredibly important when we see people who have returned from fighting with Isis and our law enforcement agencies, not able to get proceedings started to have these types of additional tools. The Conservatives have made a lot of noise about the broken promises of Justin Trudeau and the Liberals. Can you commit to delivering on every promise? In your platform? Absolutely we know from Justin Trudeau's track record that he has broken promises and he has been dishonest with Canadians, and this is the choice. This election I got a government, a Liberal government that has lost the confidence of canings that has raised taxes, borrowed billions of dollars and made life more expensive and a Conservative government that will live within its means. Get back to balanced budgets, cut taxes, put more money in the pockets of Keynes, so they can get ahead. That is the choice. This election we we are guaranteed no no's on gasma ESS, le choix, cetera, kion, good, more liberal healthcare, perdu la confianza de cara de que augment a lazy, impose, a grande de la vie to share a and government conservator Kiva, eliminate Legaspi ash, really really simple. Let's, let's say blue darshan that I parts to get Indian hi, it's Annie, Bergeron Oliver, with CTV national news. The Liberals have been telling voters since the start of this campaign that a vote for the Conservatives means more cuts like Ontario has seen under Doug Ford. Your budget does include tens of billions of dollars in cuts. Does that not play into the Liberals narrative? And what do you say to voters who are concerned about the impact of the cuts to the platform, we're being very clear on two very important issues? One we are going to increase spending for health care, education and social programs. We have made that commitment, we're going to increase spending on that investments in that by at least 3% year. We are also being very clear on we're going to find the savings to pay for our tax cuts. We are going to cut corporate welfare by 1.5 billion dollars, foreign aid by 25 percent, and we're going to stop the wasteful spending like what we call in Ottawa of March Madness, where departments spend hundreds of millions of dollars at the end of the fiscal year on TVs and phones and chairs and desks, and we're gonna put that money back in the pots or pockets of Canadians with our tax cuts. Our Universal tax cut are scrapping the carbon tax taking the GST off home heating. That is the choice. This election, a Liberal government that continues to borrow and raise taxes, make life more expensive and a Conservative government that gets back to balanced budgets puts more money in the pockets of Canadians and helps Canadians get ahead. We use of all day to draw clear of that eliminate envious. Thank Milly added aloud, delay, Somali uncooperative a very sick person, the laid it from here. You know that eliminate Legaspi ashore Department come on Sabella or not over the March Madness will a department upon's, the million dollar, so they chose Kamlesh a is a new board is naturally shows kamsa. Contra la vie, blue about a brave, a clay base, temple Cecilia Schwartz, a collection on a different subject, we're in a hotel. Today, that's attached to a casino, and it's been estimated that more than two billion dollars last year alone of dirty money flowed through BC. Can CC casinos I'm wondering what your plan is to crack down on money laundering and if you would work with the NDP government provincially here in BC, to try to end some of that practice. Well, absolutely! Yes, we've already made the announcement that we will conduct an inquiry into money laundering as it relates to real estate. That is something that has an impact on higher home housing prices in many of our major cities. And, of course, as we learn more about the situation here in British Columbia, we will absolutely work closely with the provincial government to crack down on on money laundering and and all the related types of criminal organizations and criminal offenses that go with it for Canada. So who so like concealed cameras et le chef, credence, patsy conservative, zi, all the complication see let apply the pre-lab case involved. The confessional I came to measure my just compound secret plump, all I killed to ask you. Libby J has woken at the CBC onf, telefilm, Canada, etc. Continued dogmatic, I'm see preview soundly who fed the confession. We are on the continuum we still. The only culture sacred important, come and pay the wrecker net learn at least one network or to lead on Burma President Putin on the Tripathy de Ferran announced Cassandra leaf report. Museum eliminate leaf, really busy amused a nacional. A over continued. The the dogma did the menial, Elizabeth small, a - Oracle, a form larger necessarily over. Oh that eliminate Legaspi artists, apparent Christian delay program. All a service play community, Legaspi ash did I. Guess we had come, the March Madness come the effect, yet the department key on galleys lately console tone the exterior directly. They sell cars elevate Connor, they function Arabic the experience key elements, club I. They shows concern all that eliminated gas perished on season. Twala poor, eliminate poor base a days in popular Canadian McDonald Israel is Kelly, eliminates PF computers Kelly it's a ye with the man, the essence no load that just my second company they say not not mo the northerners here say: Sibley, sleep departments this is Avram O Connor days did deserve, is a defaced vid for to O Canada. The government or pay police edifice sounds rocky based on some personal occupy Connor de la fin de l'année fiscal department, Kia, shot late, Nouveau telephone, the new votes auditor, the a Legaspi ash I'll, see on the eliminate very same person. The bhujette palais de Atocha sassy Sicilian want a pony, larger porno, absolute, a protege of a protege Lille is institutionally program. I, see a click n against tab, not restored not to come. - hi mr. Chanin Proudfoot with Maclean's I noticed every time. You're asked a very broad question about cuts or about your plans, and you just did it now with Annie's question. You go right to emphasising that your government would continue to increase health and health and social transfers to the provinces. I just wondered: what is that sensitivity there? What is your sense of the importance of those kind of programs to Canadians or their concerns about possible cuts to them under a Conservative government? Well, I think Canadians always want to know that the public services like health care will continue to be invested in that that it's essential that with that that we have the very best care available to us and that our hospitals and our medical expertise experts are will continue to be able to provide high-quality health care services for all Canadians and that's why I'm very that's. Why I'm always very clear that we are going to increase spending for health care education, social programs? Keynes could have confidence, knowing that the federal government will continue to be a partner in ensuring that Canadians get the services that they deserve and also being very clear on where we are going to eliminate wasteful spending like foreign aid to countries that are relative, relatively well-off, like ending March Madness in Ottawa and the practice of hiring outside consultants within departments when there are public servants that have the expertise that could do that work. That is where we're gonna find those savings, because that, ultimately, is the choice between a liberal government that will continue to just spend billions and billions and borrow money, raise taxes to pay for it, make life more expensive or a Conservative government that will live within its means, get back to balance budgets responsibly. So we can lower taxes, leave more money in the pockets of Canadians, so they can get ahead. Secondly, when you unveil your platform yesterday, you and party officials were sort of about pains to say there wasn't much new in it that this had all been ruled out and announced already, and yet almost all the coverage yesterday framed in terms of billions and billions of dollars of cuts totaled up. What does that framing versus what your obvious preferred framing was tell you, oh we're very happy. With the way Canadians received the information about our platform. They saw in the exactly how we're gonna help them get ahead. They we had we've been talking about our universal tax cut. For weeks we were talking about our like transit tax cut for weeks, we're talking about how we're going to make maternity leave, benefits tax-free for weeks and now, Canadians know exactly where the money is going to come from to pay for that, it's going to come from cutting the foreign aid spending, the countries that are relatively well-off by 25%, eliminating 1.5 billion dollars of corporate welfare, stopping the practice of March Madness and hiring outside consultants. When there are public servants that have the expertise to do the job and we're going to put that money back in their pockets and again that is the choice to selection. We know that under Justin Trudeau he will continue to borrow billions and billions of dollars and the deficit will cost Canadians, because they will have to pay the interest on that new debt. That is Justin Trudeau's choice. My choice is to get back to balanced budgets, so we can leave more money in the pockets of Canyon's, so they can get ahead and D Blachford Canadian Press Mr Shearer. As Prime Minister. You would appoint the next Bank of Canada governor in just a few months. What are you looking for in a new bank governor, and would you be open to extending governor poulos's mandate? I? Think one of the things we want to make sure is that gains have confidence that the the governor of the Bank of Canada operates. Independently, looks at economic indicators to make decisions about monetary policy. You know this is these: are the types of decisions that the government's face, and you know we'll look at that when the time comes right now we're focused on earning the trust of Canadians October 21st, ensuring that they know exactly what they're going to get from a Conservative government, how we're going to lower taxes, put more money in their pockets, so they can get ahead and the part on it's possibly extending governor pull laws is Mandy again. Those are things we'll look at after the election. We're focused right now on earning the trust of Canadians. That's that's our focus for the next nine days, and would you support an adjusted mandate for the Bank of Canada itself, such as a change to the current 2% inflation target? Again, what those were right now we're focused on ensuring Keynes know exactly what's in our platform, the things that we're going to implement after we form after October 21st will be what's in our platform and concet could have confidence that we're going to lower their taxes, get back to balanced budgets. So we can leave more money in their pocket hi. There mister sure, David Cochrane, with the CBC we've got 9 days left. If you look at the top line holding numbers it you and the Liberals have pretty much been in a statistical tie. Nobody seems to be in the majority territory right now, so with nine days left to go. What do you need to do to break through to try to get your party into majority territory? We're feeling very optimistic, very confident as to where we're at in this campaign we had an event last night with over 1200 people from all over the region in in British Columbia, coming to our event, excited we're hearing from our candidates. More and more volunteers are coming out to get the message out to get the vote out. The early indications from our advance polls are very, very encouraging, so I'm confident that over the next nine days, when Canadians see the choice and now that they see Justin, Trudeau continually launching negative attacks and making things up and doubling down on his massive deficits and knowing that taxes will go up to pay for that. They see that on the one hand, and they see our plan, which is fully costed, which shows exactly how we're going to get back to balanced budgets. We stop borrowing money, I, believe that Canadians are going to be very happy with that choice to vote. Conservative yeah, nephew, Joe, Kira started campaigning and you some quick confit on loser value. The mill just some person-years wine, even more Langly a sake lack deserve our new. Sometimes a confit on I have a know: Canada nudies, yeah blue. They benefit very well Cody builder camping, a la reponse, a deported to try uncle the Canadians table. Schwa, please augmentation date, a simpler coup de la vie, avec le bajo la base, temple Envy, blue I, would have a very conservative if we do end up in an outcome of a hung, parliament which seems the most likely outcome at this point nine days out. Do you attempt to try to form a minority government? This? Is there a natural partner there for the Conservatives, because when you look at the options, an issues such as climate pricing, and/or pipelines, there's not a natural fit. So if we do end up with this hung parliament that seems likely at this point, how do you handle that? Who do you go to? We are going to be finishing off this campaign for the next nine days, asking Canadians put their confidence in us to endorse our plan for a more affordable life for lower taxes for a government that lives within its means. I'm very optimistic. The Canadians are going to give us the mandate to implement that agenda. I knew some pres Newton some clay, coffee on there's a Vaughn proposed, a plan to be profitable for basically, example is just be comfy on Lake Lanier that Danny in that new Danny in in Monda I bought Mackin with the breaker news. I'll make another reference to the location here being in a casino, complex and not being a major issue here in British Columbia, one of the reports was done for the the BC government was by Peter German, former head of the RCMP in Western Canada and in the report he wrote about how the money laundering and Casino is connected. The real estate industry, which is connected to the illicit drug trade in his most recent report, he noted that seattle-tacoma at the report and airport they've got 150 dedicated police officers to the port's operations. Here we have none. It's left to the area police of jurisdiction to try to add it on to their duties. The crutch and liberals shut down the port scanner police back in 1999 and we're now living here in Vancouver. The consequences of that would the Conservative government bring back the ports police well, we would certainly be open to suggestions that would increase the ability for our law enforcement to go after criminals and criminal organisations. I will reference that, specifically in my plan, for a safer Canada where Justin Trudeau is focused on asking law-abiding Canadians to follow more laws, we're actually going to give the police forces the tools they need. We actually call specifically for increasing resources at our ports and tearing down the silos between different police organizations, so it's easier for them to share information and go after the criminals and the criminal organizations. You previously acted no problem. He previously acted in the speaker's role in Parliament here in British Columbia, the speaker, the provincial legislature, Gerald plaque has has become a bit of a folk hero for rooting out corruption and pushing towards secrecy at the end of secrecy at the legislature, where the Freedom of Information Law provincially does not apply to the legislature, but it will soon would conservative government press in that direction to make all Offices of Parliament where all taxpayers money is being spent subject to the access to information law. It isn't right now mm-hmm well, I'll reference the fact that when I speaker, the House of Commons I oversaw the Board of Internal economy who took unprecedented measures to to initiate the practice of what's called proactive disclosure whereby much more detailed information on how members of parliament and their office budgets were we're. Spending money were provided to the public proactively so that that information was posted on a website for all Canadians to see that was those are historic changes that were made while I was Speaker and conservatives supported the measures this Parliament to have the Board of Internal economy meetings opened that are now done in full view of the public and in full view of the media. Well, the same thing was happening here in British Columbia, but corruption still happened because it wasn't subject to the access to information law where citizens could go and demand to see information. The clerk and the sergeant-at-arms are both under police investigation here and really the root cause is that they were allowed to exist in a bubble of secrecy similar to the way it still operates in in Ottawa. Well, as I say we will, we are always open for new ways to be more accountable and to open a transparent. We believe in that we are. That is the way we will operate our government and as it relates to the Parliament, as I said, while I was Speaker, we took unprecedented steps. The the regime for proactive disclosure got much more detailed, I provided much more information to Keynes and again now those Board of Internal economy meetings are open to the public and we are more than hat willing and more than happy to continue down that road of becoming more even more open and transparent for Canyon's I, firmly believe as a conservative that anytime, the government takes your money and spends it. They have to be accountable, for that goes, that includes all branches of government and that's exactly what how we will continue. This assignment that will be subject to when we form government putting this Commission together. I'm very excited to have his expertise on this when he was minister here in British Columbia. Not only was he instrumental in looking at eliminating the corporate welfare at the provincial level, but also in ensuring that the regulatory regime here in British Columbia actually had benefit for economic growth. Your party was running Facebook, it's targeting in the Chinese language community in Chinese, accusing the Liberals of planning to legalize hard drugs. You haven't said anything like that in English. Do you believe that the Liberals are going to legalize hard drugs, because there's not really anything about that in their platform? Well, I'd point you to their own comments the fact that at the liberal convention this was a policy proposal that was supported, high-profile star candidates and members of parliament have indicated their support for decriminalization and when Justin Trudeau was asked. This question specifically the best he could come up with was that it was not something that he would do right away. He has never clarified exactly what that meant in English. This is something that is very important for Keynes to know about, and, and so we are, we are telling them that these are the types of things that liberals speculate about before the election and then implement after the election said that they're going to do that, and you only ran the ads in Chinese. Why run them in Chinese, but not in English? Well, we've called attention to the Liberals inability to become clear on this in English and in French, and, of course this is something that canes have a right to know about whether or not they're going to give Justin Trudeau a second mandate where he will continue to go down this road of of making drugs more accessible. The fact that he's been unable to come clean on it and speak clearly on it. The fact that his members of his caucus support it and that at their policy Convention, this was proposed and supported. I believe Keynes have a right to know that merci beaucoup thanks very much everyone.