Oh, hey: did you see last year's talent I born evil exceed cbx will pass. Am I found american sinuate on the okay Lester? She owns I'm gonna pee on it. We should be faster, Camilla, complete wall and move. Normally, we see Samantha allows reconsider its cretaceous, vanilla, okay, the Meher on co, k, butler one DC, so Moya hello, a new sauces salads is not being a please noticeably. Are some of wall Pompey, the music pizza, an appearance, a two-syllable, I BR 3 is professional. You you yeah. He does so. We gonna do like featured one square thing after like say: yes, like pension to go on like he'll, sometimes hand yeah. Oh yeah was a place to yeah I. Remember I came earlier. The super motto: I'm, nothing like that's fine yeah, you mind just putting it under the table. Action yeah! Thank you. So there's gonna be a lot when you walk past, like when you're talking to her, it was just dancing I'm going to do me. A favor traders. This trigger shaaka right now. So I am the one starting the party this evening really happy to be with you. My name is Sophie Chabot I am the candidate in this riding ville-marie southwestern asylum. Thank you very much. Thank you for the present. So I am with Jack beat. You will speak with you just after anima massif my neighbor in another riding low. He sat my so I'm just with Sophie Chabot County, dad Don said circumscription accompanied Dodge Ahmed Aden Imam Asif dono. He sent me. He recommends ssoi paraplegia, no somos una, TV tois non SI, dg2 sample tanto had play cerca de faire cela new hotel, Kia Calcutta Shakya. Not who knew do not - II presume one want and are not hist WA new sample a majority. Don't renew this amigo so every day, I go door to door and I hear many people speaking about their concern. They speak about the fact that housing is expensive. They speak about the fields, in fact in front of the climate change, and thus they face discrimination. So they explained their problems and I can hear also their frustration in front of politician because in general there are many people speaking a lot, but don't acting a lot. So much so I would like to say this evening that Jack meat is different in episode on the politician: Jack meat apparel for a ill, fair LFS to kill day5 honk. Oh please so chill D, so Jack meat speaks about the way a government could really change improve how lives in this riding, but in older riding, also in all the country. So is the only leader to address the question of how we shall wilt is the only leader then on saying lobbyists. He is the only leader fighting for hers, so I'm really proud to be a candidate in his team, and please welcome with me Jack meeting. Merci -, no more messy that hey see, let's say: jibber-jabber como si on his own honor, the candy that Candida extraordinaire. No, not a cab driver permit him under the packing of the sofa table. La camisa de semanas de bolivar, bogota g, la de la mente, no conseil, a municipal don ii t allude to a for permission: Madame -, namond, Lodge, more empathic visit, another kiss Trish beaucoup OC, lock. His climatic don't set an example: telepresence the candidate Cana, the junk of a frame on duty, povo, dark uncommon for a donor Conte de Ville Marie seed West is desire on Corpus Sophia boo. You see I in Ficino me and also candy, that extra di Nakia coated my on a okay. Oh, please hurry see my beaucoup de candidacy, don't care Oh Mousavi on a dick and extraordinary danke Shiva, partly sake said: Bathsheba Levesque lazy to do de Maintenon, a mapper Tajik, Alka sister conjure Japan's The Machinist conjugate with Young University, je je beaucoup de español avenue jeep on ce que, je passe beaucoup de shows a mental non-conscious parle avec la jeunesse, japan, see the Iron Man compare the city spark all the other s. La légion pool Avenue, Lizzy - Dion laginas is on purple tsuki patate kebap acid, on avenue across the plain danger lodge money, palpable Diablo is on purple a coup de vie me another key to buku buku la jeunesse, a like his climatic, a syllable salman, enjoy the show multimatic on a per se della Vanessa Vasquez simmerman pal, the Shawn Schmo climatic, catastrophic sassy Freeman on a a Louisville acabas de jure, a super dear sweet Alma, Fiona emplo Blanc is a Palo. Seco has de jure blow at Odyssey and plum keyframe Oh for pasta, tequila, calm problem, simple: the problem Baldelli fait que una governor mo maintain an illiberal. You see des anciens government, conservator key to you, loot around the facility, the Jewish, the multinational they called on her. Please a another example: donk mistletoe upon me, the annually lissabon sample a psychopathology, a apricot Anila resistor promise me Paco own, a fetish on a theatre sharks on a 2 V Kelly lobbyists like horrible. Yes, the company, the sector, pathology on feeding lobby. Please get some meal sang. Some foie me lee ssangsun honky-tonk a Priya, Priya cotton. We should to do a piece is a promise dongsu qjd info, even governor mo ki lute Pumas, you, madam - Lamont popular Bluefish, uncover more keep Rondo curve. Ladies on Jackie, - laginas li zhong, lai, trabajar, hey travelers, all here daily multinational, so I want to take some time to be able to chat with you all and be able to hang out so give me a give me a second long and I'm gonna chat just a bit more in English. Now, just sure you can speak, both I should also throw in some Punjabi Jake. We can see new Punjabi on the earth, see how arigato, okay, Punjabi vhagar, so I can speak three languages. At least I can speak a couple more actually we'll get to that reference. No I really want to talk about one of the things. I know that a lot of students are faced with it's its student debt and it can be pretty crushing and I think about when I was going to school and when I was going through a tough time when I was in university, my brother had to come and live with me. So I was 20 years old, taking care of my little brother who's 15 and we went through some tough times and friends and family helped out when we're going through those difficult times they stepped up, and you know fends my brother's friends. Parents would cook food for us when we didn't have food and we were struggling because it was tough to pay the bills. We got through those tough times all on our own I'm, not a self-made person. I got here today, because people help me out lots of friends, lots of families and lots of strangers who didn't even know that I was going through a tough time, but when I was going through a really tough time for me, I thought about education as my way out as a way to kind of find a way to support my younger brother and my sister and take care of my mom and dad, and when I tried to look at my options, I thought about going to professional school to go to graduate school and I thought. Maybe if I become a professional I could get a solid job and when I applied to law, school I. Finally, randomly went from science to law school, but when I went to law school, the law school tuition fee was eight thousand dollars a year and I went to one of the top schools in Canada and that same law school today costs about close to thirty thousand a year just for tuition and I. Think about you know a younger jyg meet faced with thirty thousand year tuition. There's no way I could have afforded to do that. My parents ended up going through bankruptcy because my dad's illness meant he couldn't work and we were really in a tough financial position. There's no way I could have afforded to spend thirty thousand dollars a year for tuition if I was going through that right now and I think about all the young people. That should be hopeful about the future and I'm now feeling crushed by the weight of student debt and I. Think about what mr. Trudeau has done over the past four years. In four years, students have paid interest on their student loans to the tune of three billion dollars. So federal loans are not just prime, their prime plus, sometimes 3%. So you got students that are basically making money for the federal government. The federal government office, students that to me is pretty shameful, and then we compare mr. Trudeau last year wrote off corporate loans. Guess how much all those corporate loans were six billion dollars. So on one hand, mr. Trudeau says: okay, if you've got a corporate loan, if you're a massive, powerful multinational corporation and you've got loans, I'll just waive those loans, six billion dollars, but if you're a student mr. Trudeau said I'm gonna make profit off your debt, so we've got to do a lot, but I want you to know one thing on day: one the first thing we're gonna do. One of the first things were gonna. Do on day, one of a new democratic government. We're gonna immediately lift all interest, waive all interests on student loans right away step. One right away, I mean that's just a basic starting point: there's no way we should be charging any interest on students who are on who have loans, but we're gonna go beyond that. We want to forgive loans, we want to replace loans with grants and our goal. Our ultimate goal is this: we shouldn't be giving out loans, you should be giving grants, but ultimately, when someone starts school from kindergarten all the way to their career, there should be no barriers. There should be no barriers in their education, and that means free tuition for all. That is our goal, so we can change the direction of our country. We can tackle the climate crisis that is so crushing and it is something that is sapping the spirit of hope and optimism. Other young people we can take on climate crisis, but only if you have the courage to take on the big polluters to take on the powerful corporations. We can expand our health care to include medication for all and then dental care for all mental health services, eye and hearing vision and care care. We can do that, but only if you have the courage to take on the big farming they absolutely they do. They absolutely do brother brother. You spoke last time. At our event, we had brother, listen, listen, my friend come. Let me give you a hug for a second come here. Brother brother. Come here. Listen, it's not it's not the best idea! We've got all these young. Listen! We've got all these young people. Here, sir we've got all these young people. We've got all these and what you're doing you yellow? This is not a good look. You know, you're not actually helping the cause out by yelling like this you're making it look bad. It's not actually good. This is not helpful brother. This is not a good look. You're, not doing a good thing right now. This is not helpful. Okay, okay, so my friends we can take on the powerful corporations and we can build a better future. We absolutely can stand up for human rights wherever there's a violation. We stand up loudly and proudly to defend human rights across this country and across the world, will denounce any sort of human rights violations. That's not very helpful, my friend, but we can have a chat afterwards. Thank you so much for being here and I'd love to chat with you after it. Thank you so much no see. Thank you not right now, I'm, not we're gonna. Take some when I I'll speak to you right afterwards, I'll speak to you right afterwards. If the media have some questions, I'm happy to take those questions right now: Abigail Beeman, Global News. Mr. Singh, you have obviously had a warm reception here on campus, but this was your big push to show Quebec that you're here for them and you've been here for a day and a half and you've only made four stops, and this was the biggest with just a hundred and fifty people. So why not have a bigger rally? Why not get out to more people attend more events? I'm, really proud of our announcements we made recently. We announced two really exciting candidates, environmentalists, who are well known across Quebec, who have come to the new democratic party because they see in us a party that not only fights a climate crisis but also is committed to fighting social justice and fighting against the inequality so really proud of those announcements we made. We put out our really bold plan that shows our respect for Quebec and our belief that we can work together. The progresses of Quebec and the rest of Canada can come together and build a better future, so I'm really proud of that work. We've done we're gonna continue to campaign hard. Quebec is incredibly important for us these students here, and they are so important for us, because these this is our future and spending time with those folks is a big part of why we're doing the work we do and I've seen you interact with many students, but that's the most that I've seen you talk to people in Quebec since you've been here. So why not have bigger rallies? Why not have more events, since your time is limited in a campaign? Yeah, we'll have more events that we're excited about the event, so we've got lined up. We've got a whole campaign in front of us 35 days, so we're gonna continue to campaign really hard. I'm, really proud of the work we've done so far and we've got lots of work. That's in front of us that were going to be doing and we've got lots of more announcements, are gonna, be making but really proud that we've got candidates like Sophie, like other candidates that are here today. I want to name so don't make mistakes, but we've got. We've got a great team when working really hard Christian singing Oh, Joe, Cassano, elder ado, canada. I pre-evolved you live fully, who puts it fool? Okay, back aviv, ooh: let's go Kelly plant, it blue, difficile, mot, kawaii, okay, Beck, no Japan's key on a book with APEC. Okay back when I encounter P the candy ducky on a psychotic, he saw tell mom for only ancien can say: yeah come sofa table on at the environmentalist. Don't book with the junkie news opinion. May you see Allah and plan a Norfolk al Norfolk, a lap? You complete la pluie, coherent and plant leucas, a tequila Chris climatic Mayo, see linearity social lily leaf. Also pakka do povo visible headset energy loop or be a cop I'm, a certain allure to the table here. What are you sound posit transporting Quebec, Jupiter, KO, ni, mukatte energy -, the sysadmin - known and ok, janessa, SEMS CTV national news this morning, mr. Ferland, as well as mr. Buller East, said that they were separatist, but at the moment they're putting that aside in their Federalists, because there's not really the appetite in Quebec, it seems like there is a bit more of an openness from you as the NDP leader that there has been in past to talk about candidates, separatist, pass and to just be more open in general. Is this an attempt to try to reach out to more Quebecers potentially to try to grab people who may have previously supported the greens or the bloc? We're really proud of the fact that people are welcome to our party, who may have had different positions in the past, but believe now that there's a path forward where we work together with the rest of Canada, we build a bridge between progressives in all parts of Canada, with progresses in Quebec to fight things like the climate crisis, to expand our health care system to tackle the crisis around housing. These are things very important and I welcome. Anyone who sees in the New Democratic Party a path to working together with all of Canada to building a better brighter future. The one thing that joins everyone together as New Democrats and when they join our party. They know it's our job and it's our priority to work towards building bridges and working together and that's what people are saying when they join our party and that's what I'm confident that folks who join us have that belief and that's important to me. Obviously, the NDP needs support in Quebec. Any government does if they want to try to get to Parliament. Is this, though, an attempt to reach out to more people who may not have supported the NDP before who may have supported the bloc, but now see that the party isn't quite as successful as it once was and maybe are looking to the NDP? Well, Jack Layton started this tradition. He started this tradition of saying you know, there's folks in Quebec that are proud of being Quebecers they're proud of this beautiful land and they want to work with people around Canada to build a brighter future. So he reached out of hand and said if you care about building a brighter future for everybody, let's build this together, so he reached out that hand and I feel like that, might have been that that vision of Jax might not have had the continued energy that it needs. So I wanted to really into that vision into that vision of building bridges and working together and bringing Coe back together with the rest of Canada, and that's what I'm doing mr. Singh I'd like to follow up on the fact that the PPC leader is now going to be allowed into the debates. Do you think, and one of the arguments might be it's important- to hear these voices, even though you may not agree with them, so there's there's on one side, their freedom of expression and hearing people out on the other side, there's hateful and divisive speech that just foment or feed hatred and I made it really clear that mr. Burney A's statements, the things that he stands for are hateful and divisive and tear apart people and those do not deserve the platform and I made it really clear. I do not believe he should have been a part of the debate because of the damage that he can cause with already the rise of of that divisive type of politics that hateful type of politics. We do not need to give someone like mr. Bern mr. Bernier as a platform, and that's why I said very clearly I think that's wrong. Is there anything you could potentially do or show? Is there anything you could potentially do or show as a leader than your opposition to this? Would you consider pulling out of it out of the leaders debate because of that? You know unhappiness that you show with Miss them letting him in I will be going to the debate, because I want hate to know that I'll never back down from fighting AIDS hi I'm Allegra Mendelson from the McGill international review. The NDP has a very brief section on foreign policy in their platform in countries like China, India and Russia are hardly mentioned. If at all, how will the NDP increase Canada's presence in international affairs and work with key players to keep Canadians safe and promote Canadian values abroad? Thank you very much for the question. I think Canadians are really proud of our history, of being peacekeepers. Being folks have pushed diplomacy just touching on a number of those issues when it comes to China right now, we've got two Canadians that are being detained in horrible conditions and it's our priority to make sure that they are returned. We also need to call out the human rights violations that go on in China and we'll continue to do that. You mentioned India as well. Currently, in India, we've got a government, that's promoting a very divisive type of rhetoric and they've gone into Kashmir and really oppressed the people there. This is something where there was a media blackout, cell phones and and telephones were cut off. Media wasn't allowed to go in, but the ability for communities to communicate was also shut down. Not to me is an example of a very repressive move. It's very dangerous and Canada has to play a role in denouncing those types of behaviors. So wherever there is any sort of human rights violation, I think Canadians should be able to count on us to say what is wrong to call it out and I'll continue to do that. Hi hi mr. Chuck Meade I am sadaqa huija from the post-millennial and I have a couple of questions for you, so Justin Trudeau's recently faced allegations today from Andrew Shearer that he took faith Goldie for drinks and mr. Andrews shares also got met with faith Goldie and had interviews. What is your opinion on the situation? I mean that's just an example of really really Smith's wrong. Someone like faith Goldie's, promoting also that type of hateful rhetoric promoting hate towards people hate speech in some cases, I would think that her language almost gets that level. That's deeply concerning and not surprising, but definitely deeply, concerning what is your opinion on transferring shares to workers resembling of what corbin tommix is promoting in the UK? Well, I've, promoted and I really believe in cooperatives that people should be able to jointly own companies I think it's a powerful way to give power back to people. I believe unionization is a powerful way for people for workers to fight for fairness and equality at a workplace. I haven't looked at the specifics around around that proposal, but I think we need to really address inequality. Inequality is growing massively and we're seeing that the results of inequality growing is that we've got wealth being concentrated in very few hands and more and more people are struggling. It's becoming harder to make ends meet and we've got to tackle inequality and some of the ways that we're gonna do. That is ask the very wealthy to pay their fair share. We're going to increase the amount that wealthy contribute to society. I, don't think taxes are a bad word, I think their contributions and investments in building a better society, and that's why we're going to put in place a super well tax on those who have fortunes of over 20 million dollars, hi Abigail again I just want to give you an opportunity to clarify your comments. Earlier at the end of the last question that I asked you, you said that you weren't going to say a candidate's name for fear of making a mistake, and it appeared that you didn't know Miz masseuse name beside me. Membership I got this move as many candidates in the room. I don't want to miss any of the candidates, so you know all of your candidates. Of course, of course. Yes, yes, okay, didn't appear that way. Yeah I know I. Just we know all the things is when you're at an event, it's very delicate. You might name some and then you miss some so I think that's why I was referring to okay. Thank you very much. Everybody appreciate it. Okay,.