Like a small city, a quiet corner compared here, you see the levy, they turn a power when duplicate exceed 8 now Alibaba a most fish eat soon all three cars, whether like that they can take on step. Ok back, though, never ignore ship and we shear skewer. Silly may I open that up. You only love, poet goes meow. Meow sipo sees a pile of nose; - no cos alpha. It proves a straight call. It up. Our palate, sherry stalls night fix you. A big secret base, income kiss fit Hema Malini hockey, happily sick, cetera, sinister keyboard. She spun. Oh man, he drank. Oh, oh I, popped out. The Medina regime is alpha: conic poco, fianc, a steel rod. Oh it's a cute ability because mistress opposing say they already a party in Matthew, 8 person, kisses party and is cozy. Mistletoe is Kofi. Okay. Is it a Papa, the fast cozy? It is. If a solo open any point me middle surface or only play it is orbiting. Credibility. Second main second spot vocabulary support the popular mr. feltwaddle bill mega. It is a parody monopropellant, an operation, new rules. You know it may not be mother's it'll be recalled in Abuja I bought yeah, because the pastor vehicle he gonna be good to sit in judgment about you, see the shiitakes undo, shear key turn on exports, 900 opinion and no kissing boys escape a level study. Peppa pony, Danza, Mutola tab. Please, each key is a new ski bellezza me in a warship from Suki Tanika Kiku, Deidre, Kiba I can adorn your kirik foul I reckon he came across night Marge she's arrested, oh leukemia, Boozer, Nicaragua I call me Andrews here the is fu. These would be called a terrorist oncoming. They act. This attack key to a credit for me in person. Don't thank advocating in the moon, astrology sexual new do soon on nuclear home and a clear Fanny, a new news or national, a loot, a conflict to play form the temple. Haseman, hey Declan, is here 18 years ago. Today, natives also show the world what kind of country we really are. We open our homes and our hearts. The stories are by now well known across the country. Seventeen Canadian cities accepted diverted aircraft after airports and neighbors rally together to provide food and shelter for stranded strangers, forging friendships that last even to this day, say to Baker gema gema miss you. They say the because you're the DJ at home there to impress you it's just recounted. While noting Canada don't miss your evening back a secret. Embedding outer you know anything s. Html ever could do not a plan B, John spice. You should be all set here on day. Mondo big'o goodie, for this will help will be ashamed. Don't see money shopping, hey, Josie, Thomas! Is it what yet for that Lupo Buddha, please Yeon Salta smell-o-vision say there may be no competition in a clinic while it also dedicated you all put off a mentally cats with Daniels any damn p.m. you ordered me. Novelties wanted a more easy. A on a one SSK, okay, Becky, had to the Canada, see the Tonelli or a good monkey that immediately asymmetrically the to the force for a day to make a the classic Iroquois alien Franny admitted a local Gideon you and your family or at the heart of the October 21st election. The question this election is very clear. Who can you trust to help you and your family to get ahead? And the answer is certainly not Justin Trudeau? Who will only raise your taxes to take more money from your pocket? He doesn't know what it's like to raise: a family facing difficult conditions, - water, that song didn't make it on public they're a key who they move their coffee on. Well, a beer, a a silly normal industry, pastor said led me down a conditional, effusive, connotation Judas. You can travel this far. Oh the table, marquee open an aperture along the circuit of a circus ma a pre-dinner go. It will see the movie fan miserable paper home. This cadet will see the feeling, oh collision, a vision, a living Emilio if any intelligence, supposedly mem pesto, as at a park later deleted. Again at a metal point, so they do the deficit in controlling. It is also attacks, ain't constant and they knew really fashion ago, play three days. If attack a man on stage below sweet Lenin, they said April attacks, Allegro Tom Hill insane over during the last war. I know: famiiy. Oh hello, Eric. What it is e attract even back it onto the vision, do P nu, 0 methane, Oh Catherine and a -, a casino Oh, Oh David, Jose Donald, oh hey, you don't think Lailah bujha de sablé. We will balance the budgets, so we can lower your taxes and make your life more affordable and, in our election platform, will be lots of other measures to help you get ahead and lower the cost of living. O port-a-cath Latinos in a I approve are live. There is a student at all. It's a bad Amanda's. Ask them on sale, order. That area select, show st., you know Napa, shall we get back on their desk and so on? On Damien Keynes said: oh I provided a la classe moyenne men Oh para el agua telefax, that is mot, Catherine person direct respond. La de la foto pre-scheduled, a Cosmo, an Arab basic nila Oakmont, a latex example: every module IV push air pollution, Congo Ella, partly équilibre nobuta under dinner, Saturday or Saturday May accumulated deficit a norm even hassles Arduino program, social calm, dedication in a something in a plate on you, la la unfair, to spelunky Romo may deplete at low resolution defender album in a social compact. Left it open to the Pluto, go pass a tax attached to the carbon Justin Trudeau. Also famously said: Canada is bad, and then he burst its a it up for me and Google Integra man in an auction, a list under it. A boozy, the cell phone shop or Hong Kong, say a partisan, a poor, New, York City factor a I wanna take crew, V Cooper I do at least about busy and wah. So let it go and if that wasn't, as this election campaign begins, Canadians learned jus disturbing details about the SNC Laughlin corruption scandal number one: the RCMP are looking into the Liberal government for possible obstruction of justice and number two Justin Trudeau is doing everything he can to block them. His actions in the SNC levelin affair are beyond dispute. He has done everything he can to keep these facts hidden from Canadians the accident, substantiated by hours of parliamentary testimony tape recordings and an ethics commissioners guilty verdict. She donated renew dollars in pursuing criminal al-faisal ratio so that population of had pork, L on platinum in Russia, can't refuse a la Concha de Mayo showed me ill refused level a privilege, a confidentiality butyrina, sir compassion is Jesse de Ferran kept Susie, says Islam the same food agua days on shoot me. That's allergy are say the first on provide some guru Gua play Monopoly. It was necessary in Watteau, si si Friday to circulate a media, I say come to the blockade and on ket policia. It is now clear more than ever before that justin trudeau thinks that there's one set of laws for him and his powerful friends and one set of laws for every other, hard-working canadians like you, so justin trudeau must allow the RCMP to do its job and he must immediately waive privilege and cabinet confidentiality. Over the last four years. Justin Trudeau has repeatedly proven that he can't be trusted, but there are a few things you can count on him to do. If he is reluctant, he will keep breaking his promises. His endless deficits will force him to raise taxes even higher, and his debt will hamper the government's ability to deliver the public services we are entitled to as Canadians like education and health care, and his poor judgment will lead to more scandal at home and more weakness abroad. Simply put is just not as advertised me and Mo Google. All conservative even acetal same way in attribute our own double punch for Camus, bustier, anime, but record again: hey Lucas, an actor a program named integrity responsibility. Overall, we are now in a facilitated, not repay JB's way. The LA nación Eric was large. It will demolish. It need to be met for a nosh. Please also have a in the cog near shackled, a portable, reliable semi oboes, a parent, a yes, sir move ooh. He proved a fair Illya, a new, vocal demo. You have a or ameliorate hoodie game, hey the same. Welcome in a palpable posh they can acquire thermal. Contain Sonya the lyrical day lead every daily blocks are on to drove a spectacular increase on you. Oh gentle Jesus that inositol see you knew only Sunnah class knew all that leave me put a connect, a miserly drunk all amendment Central, Catholic Queen, you pay. They saw some tiny there's. You stands with all this from guru, more a decision. Isn't any debate? Is your beauty taxi Depot? It's alternating deficit, this alternator war on to the premier minister. It was there isn't any the passage illegal. Other frontier ocean rocks am a is so tiny, a problematic digital ADA necropsy on long J, massage right there press April person to though I container should we do it. Every day, 8:1 I got a small, dick they're loose poor who gave it no I, don't resist? No, an augment able taxable simple Java leaflet: we're a lock resistance to accumulate a visit, a lower Christian pseudo Italy's long Bureau mo for impose a tax on carbon or Canadian Jane flap low-key beverage will is ABC on some pjgamble posh. A lord who said food only fat on part. Two solar planet, Shiva master, a cooler Canada recruit. Some prestigious- let's say international, a law which states we don't need leaves no force on me in Ozone, seen from Earth on Java Lord on a lake amount, either respect kill, baby, hey hello, artists, there's no reason, walk, Italy's, zombie, hope or blockade is on cat policia jubu guarantee come on goof animo, so that ain't a race for Sam, a clever pull on some bloody Canadian for to save a zone. Although I'm bachelor deliver all these things to know the maintain October to some samba all that lives here. Amazed at me to some solid news: I, don't fare on soil stays below swallow premium is then sold on the ha merci beaucoup de la merci beaucoup. You hey guys. Sorry they actually they want. They want the shop you hey. Germany play hello, computer via entendu, Nakhla, massage track layer, announcer, camping, say, lopata. Consider as you're a natural government beaver saloon same where Boscombe police, a coup de jun de la cosa que en la give up war in the be fluid up whatever. So this election is coming down to who you trust, to put more money in your pockets that you can get ahead and a conservative government will live within its means, so we can lower taxes, put more money back in the pockets of canadians so that they can get ahead. It's time for Canadians to get ahead so that I'm happy to take your questions. You have any options to insist: the RCMP not be blocked from doing their job. Well, at this point, it's quite clear that the decision to waive cabinet confidentiality or to make people available to the RCT arrests with the Prime Minister. He is not telling the truth when he says that it's not his decision, it is his decision. He has that power. He needs to stop hiding behind the clerk of the Privy Council. Take some responsibility waive that privilege and let the RCMP do their job. Okay. Mr. Trudeau said this morning. It would be counterproductive right now for the federal government to get involved in bill 21. What a Conservative government intervene. We do not have the intention of intervening in this case. We have made it very clear. This is not something that we would do at the federal level and- and that has been our position from the beginning- Oh Javier, don't say cool Oh, Dada, say Claire Lisa, Luder, Quebec Ontario. This is um a non Sookie, so a contraceptive law of a felony pal Donny, Corsa silver dois le cool vanish, a major source key, a cleric good on console, terrible jamia. Mr. Sharkey mboga could into the wok but becomes naive, Levesque city, Busan. E2F account will approach in LGS honestly at what, if ya, scurvy parley is killed. Go beyond that among fools called our city, we really party avec beaucoup, the give your own vevo party or Quebec Calcavecchia to the back in project specific memo message. It quickly secured in good normal conservator that here in corridor energetic lost two days on drew or pyramid holidays or sure that the combination perfectly palatable Philip had a Vulcan project or apropos a compiler sector. Pb I severed any number three deep or too lazy Q to Don Phil metallic layer vaguely a volunteer part in project per second, sir, come on, say it Sava, primarily Canada the D plus a petrol. Eight from share ages, we certainly know Canada to the Quebec to Nicaragua. Quebec was so on a quarterback la posición Chris, a mayor, the ash daily petrol Kennedy earlier the lateral area commonly called our names with equals, is Rubicon suetilley province. So, let's you seen province, for example, a Quebec there's some possible others to cook down every sixteen covalency Pakistan. It's the cinema supporting mr. C, so C in in Quebec, we'll have all the opportunity. The patterns, a some energy, proper dijo al Assad remains news news along Korean situation, the the win-win gungi gungi, / -. They promised a sweet recovers optimist they the project he talks to the Jetix. You better have some responsibility. Guru, mafia is in absolute essence. You could Google more failure. Chloe Ensemble, avec le province doesn't mean you, the collaboration. It's a sample, ecology, proposing the corridor energy. Take a locker use new pool ball regularly to the question on Avvo vocally this sector, Prive como se come off the proposal, a project sure. So one thing that is clear is that all our candidates and throughout Quebec prefer that Quebecers and Eastern Canadians have the ability to purchase Canadian energy, Canadian, oil and gas. That's why I proposed the energy of the energy corridor, which will allow Western Canadian energy to reach Eastern markets and will also allow Quebec to share its clean hydroelectricity with other provinces as well. So the idea here is that we can get all the environmental concerns a dealt with upfront and engage in a robust and dynamic consultations with First Nations before before the private sector starts proposing different types of projects. That is the responsibility for a federal government to take on, and the projects that fall within the federal jurisdiction are the responsibility of the federal government and it's essential that can that a federal government works in collaboration with the provinces are feeling and how their finance work work on their finances. But for most of your adult life that might not have been the case. How do you expect to convince them that you really do understand, and why does that matter? Well, I made it very clear that I grew up in a household that didn't have everything that we ever wanted, but we had a good quality of life. I watched, my parents make difficult decisions, I know what the impact of double-digit mortgage rates had on my parents and how long it took for them to climb out of that debt that they incurred at that time. I was also only able to pay my way through University thanks to working at small businesses. I worked at a restaurant waiting tables and worked at an insurance office, and that's why I was so passionate defending small businesses when Justin Trudeau called them tax cheats, and that's how you can understand that Justin Trudeau just he's never had to work a job he hasn't like he's, never had to pick up extra shifts to make bills pay. You know, that's that's his situation, but the fact is. We can see that he doesn't get it in his actions in its policies. Attacking small businesses, raising taxes saying that higher gas prices are exactly what he wants. Well millionaire liberals like Justin Trudeau, might not mind paying higher gas prices. Hard-Working Canadian families certainly do we miss a clear KGB, doesn't Femi to that class. My end, a marrow opportunities are flawed as a petty source of these essays on politcal. They take credit pass. You know kanji different there, the police entropies constantly, though we activate tax cheats, a cyclical state to, though now can daily difficulties on dinner fast to leisure. Court today ruled that the federal assisted dying law doesn't go far enough and it's given six months to fix it. What would you do to fix it if anything? Well, we've just become aware of this of this decision and in recent moments. So we will take a look at the exact wording of the decision and we'll have more to say she really can easily do so. At Wesleyan, mythically movers contribute algae, defeated soldiers, Rico, restrictive aleksel admits kalamudia Rama Castillo edu our Father do really Fatah lava rocks a profession, man I'll, admit Cara Maria. This is important, especially this is young. Do they call? This is Yong City those with an idea, I love Drita, so that a to jail? This is you know, saying it's a CLK, the DC's knowledge about say. The quality aspect is decisions equalities a specular, the one major food you could say important. Could the Google among the deport, Cal party, respect Lee? This is Jung, taeho, suppose, and it suggests jolly pathetic, make leisure services to say possibly partially dependent province. Key foods became a concern, otama scarcity area leaders who would oppose their portion comment about usual abuela sector, energetic recipe, ages, free comic, curtsy mirepoix, the petrol del Oeste Canada Donna Marshall desta Canada could develop a closer TV LEP community Soviet, the Venezuela labia, the oaken, respectful Edouard is a true man. Well, if mu, what I cannot yet a semi-open economy? A Salva Kiir days on proper to obey me me: Co Quebec, a Scalia, beaucoup de stop and see the grass and a sexual energy tech just become a kinship commie on some doesn't mean you collaborative avec la mesilla go digital, a dynamic, avec leur the corridor energetic give up. We permit the wanderer l'énergie property Quebec additional products. Allow say in win-win Justine optimation to concentrate solely his aspect, positive edges. We saw his to see a project compare reality: Abigail Beeman, global news, Mr Shearer I'm curious about your decision to launch in this specific writing when the Conservatives haven't held it in decades. If you are hoping win it, how was your strategy different this time around? We are going to win seats all over Quebec. We are going to surprise people the evening of October 21st. We are going to win seats that we haven't held in a long time. We know that's going to happen because it's already happened. We won a by-election in Shakuni, fjord, a seat that we came in fourth place. We won it with a great candidate. We have a great candidate here in Prague there and we have a great message for Quebecers and that might have to be the last question if the race here, one more one more, do say we all that Gagne esparto Quebec on a Gagne in partial those chickens, Russia Anka Jamaica, need to belong to a Canada, Excellency s, Xavier Gagne, you see mister, you say you won't intervene and go 21. If you, if you form government, do you think that the bill infringes on people was really just freedom? People who are against this this bill right now are making that case directly in the courts. That is their right. They will have the ability to do so, and the courts will ultimately decide on that for our part, but we will not proceed with this type of initiative at the federal level. We don't believe that this is something that we would ever do, but do you believe it infringes? Do you do you believe it infringes on religious right, as I said, I would never proceed with this. At the federal level, we're gonna see what the courts say. I've always felt that from the moment that this bill was introduced, that it is that it's not appropriate to be implemented the federal level. That is our position, we're going to maintain that you.