On day, seven of the federal election campaign, global news, Ipsos poll- has the Liberals and the Conservatives in a dead heat. Also, it spells some bad news for the NDP. Let's get right into this. If so, CEO Daryl Brewer joins us from downtown Toronto good morning, sir. So I will let you have the honor show how tight explain how tight this race is between the Liberals and the Conservatives. Well, it's 35 35 and depending on whether you're in Western, Canada or you're in eastern Canada, it's a bit of a different picture. So if you're in Western Canada, the Conservatives have a pretty good lead and over the Liberal Party, even in British Columbia, where the Liberals did reasonably well in the last election, but the minute that you hit the Ontario border things change in Ontario, we have the Liberals ahead with an eight-point lead, but I should say only by three points in the 905. So that's how close it is that rich belt of seats around the City of Toronto that every party needs to win in order to win the election campaign. They only have a three point lead there. You get to Quebec, the Liberals are looking really good and we have a tie in Atlantic Canada. So let's talk about what this means for the NDP right now, I see what 14% support overall yeah 14% overall but they're, reasonably good outside of the province of Quebec I mean they're, definitely still in it in the province of Ontario and definitely still in it, particularly in British Columbia, where they hold the provincial government. So there is potential for the NDP to surprise on election night, not by winning, but by winning enough seats that in a potential minority government, they could have the balance of power, but of course, they're in a bit of a dogfight with the Green Party right now, and it's interesting as well at least two of the bigger question of whether it's because the Green Party has done so well. Over the past few years, Elizabeth May has had a couple campaigns under her belt or whether the NDP is sort of just falling apart, because when you look at some of the big issues that Green Party is obviously dealing with the environment, climate change, big issue for Canadians. Right now, what is it is that the NDP's failing or is it the Green Party's success? What's a combination of the two things I think that with a new leader of NDP, particularly given that they've had two pretty high-profile leaders, especially one in Jack Layton, that really elevated them leadership was an important aspect to uh selling their party to a broader group of Canadians than just their core vote, and mr. Singh is as a new leader and he's got a big job to do. As you mentioned before, Elizabeth May is the veteran on the on the political stage right now, she's had it some time to build up some appeal. People know who she is if your progressive voter she's somebody that you're going to want to take a look at, but the interesting thing with the Green Party is that they always tend to pull better than they perform. So we'll have to see if this time around that's really the case, so they could win a few seats here and there and also be a spoiler and a number of others. So, let's get to some of these other numbers, because this is interesting as well. Liberal, leader, Justin trills approval rating seems to be going up last month. It was at 36% now it's at 44. What do you make of that? Well, that's actually the the performance of the government, which really to be honest, you put it correctly because nobody sees beyond Justin Trudeau when they're, when they're evaluating the government so yeah. Definitely that we've seen an improvement and I think as you get into a campaign and people start making choices. You start to see some of these. These numbers move around and for viewers I mean this is the stuff that political prose really look at vote. Numbers are things that change afterwards, that the Liberals have improved their government approval level and also the other number they've improved is their deserve to reelect number, which is now almost 40 percent, which is pretty close to where they got in the last election suggests that things are moving a little bit in their favor right now. So some of the key issues over the past over the summer, the SNC, lavell and scandal- is it just not resonating with the Canadian voters? Well, I think what it did. Is it not the Liberals down from where they were at the end of last year, and it may be early part of this year to where they actually became competitive with the Conservatives they looked like it was going to be a cakewalk prior to the SNC lavaloon scandal, so they got themselves into a situation where they're now competing to be the government's again, but as far as it having a lasting impact on the dynamics of the campaign. Right now, no we've had two big events: the Ethics Commission report and the day of the kickoff. When the big story broke about the RCMP investigate and the numbers really aren't budging. In fact, the liberal numbers have moved up a bit. Well, obviously, with a short campaign every week is vital, but I would think that this week is incredibly vital to set the tone with with the margin, basically zero right now between the two leaders. Well, Anthony: nobody is broken out what it looks like is they you know a couple of SUVs stuck in the mud, kicking up a lot of mud and springing springing all over each other, but nothing really moving in terms of voter overall voter support, so yeah at some point, something's got a break or we're gonna stumble this way, all the way through to Election Day and probably in the position where we're gonna be looking at a minority government we'll see all right and we'll be there every step of the way and we'll be speaking to you throughout the campaign. Darryl Rooker. Thank you so much for your time. This morning,.