So pleased to see candidates slide in that last minute, there, okay good morning, Bonjour to LeMond since we've a most fearful child. We debts the ECR tanto for hula por la seine. That's the platform, so I'm very proud and happy to be here in Toronto to launch our platform. It is the complete platform, but I have to say we will be launching its budget within the week. We did not want to release a platform without a budget, but we are still waiting on a couple of planks that the Parliamentary Budget Office is working on. I spoke to the senior analyst there today. I with the issue is now translating some of our planks, because Parliamentary Budget Office rules require, of course, that they be issued in both official languages even to us internally, so the budget will be coming and released to back all of this up within a week, but we didn't want to have a short election campaign where now the writ period of 36 days, we were in a 40-day writ we're now down to day. 35 our candidates need the platform. Canadians need the platform. So here we are in Toronto with a number of our candidates from GTA going to as far away as Kingston and the islands and a few from Hamilton, and we're very happy that they all could join me here tonight today. So if you have cameras, you might want to look imagining cavusin, Nouveau, custard, toot, bleep, es sólo de varville, Eva's papa me practically moans, Oh, -, Don, Todd else on the bomb cote de toutes lake color may noon, avatar the suit July, but what came onto the cast at completed? So this is our situation in Canada, and this is where our platform stands. We have everything we need to solve all the problems. We face everything we have the resources. We have human brain power, we have community spirit, we have government powers, we have a toolbox that we've barely opened. Yet we have everything we need to solve a puzzle all of the pieces. Nothing is missing, but there's something missing, because in this country we don't have vision. We don't have the picture on the top of the box, it's really hard to solve a jigsaw puzzle. Even when all the pieces are there, everything you need is there until until you have the top of the box and without the top of the box, our platform is the vision of what Canada looks like in 2030 and it's the steps we will take, particularly in our first term in office. If we were to form government to actually deliver the Canada, we want said absalom all necessary, say: oc'v limo perceives a for soccer, not for program, poetry, ligase, fade affair, sibel, Monsieur, possum, a flamer makes a perfect seal, so our climate plan is Mission Possible. That is also a picture on the top of the box. How do we address the climate emergency? Well, you can't address the climate emergency without taking it seriously. That's why we call it Mission Possible. It's not mission easy, but it's possible, and this platform also lays out more details on where we go with that, so to lay out recently purchased the salt spring bookstore just saying to lay out our platform. It covers a broad, broad suite of measures. It is comprehensive. It speaks to social justice, it just as in 2015 when we were the only party talking about pharmacare four years ago. We're so pleased that now everybody's talking about pharmacare, even those who don't understand it and don't want to do it- we are absolutely committed to 100% universal single-payer pharmacare, because it will reduce costs in our health care system and it will deliver to Canadians medications, their doctors they need without further making their life more affordable. Unaffordable will also address the housing crisis for social housing. We understand the issue is housing first for young people trying to buy a house. The issue is homes first, and our program goes into the housing affordability. We also make life way more affordable for young people by not setting them out in life crushed by student debt. So, as in 2015, we pledge to abolish tuition, we do it again for post-secondary institutions, universities and trade schools and colleges, and the importance of this is that we, we are modern, industrialized countries. Countries around the world offer no tuition universally accessible to all, but we know our universities have been suffering from financial insecurity, so we also inject ten billion dollars to post-secondary through federal provincial transfer payments tied to making sure this is for post-secondary education, because our post-secondary education institutions are in trouble. We provide full dental to low-income Canadians and the biggest step for social justice since the 1960s and the Parliament, a minority Parliament by the way the Parliament of Lester B Pearson's minority Liberal government was the last time that we really were bold and addressed social justice issues at the level of a federation. So it was in the 1960s of thank you. Don't have to applaud every line. Greens, it's okay, I love! You and it's great. You came out so early and thank you and I know the traffic in the subways were terrible. Here's the thing in the minority, Liberal Parliament is Westerby Pearson and when people say Oh a minority Parliament, what could it do with cooperation? You can do anything, you can do anything if you don't care who gets the credit, and that was the way Parliament used to be so in the 1960s under Lester B Pearson. We got our universal health care system, the Canada Health Act. We also got the Canada Pension Plan. We also got unemployment insurance. We also got student loans, but with no interest attached and we got the flag so there's that -. This is for me a model of how Parliament should work, but we have not had anything equally bold in 50 years, more than 50 years. So here we are 60 years here we are saying it's time it's time to bring in the piece that should have been an account of Health Act from the beginning. Universal Pharma care it's time to bring forward we're something, that's so bold, but it is necessary. We are wealthy enough as a country to actually eliminate poverty. It will take more than the we hope to do it in the first term, but it takes cooperation, provincially and federally, so guaranteed livable income for all is something we can and must do. One reason is we're going to be facing artificial intelligence and in the world of work, things will be changing. Other parties may design their platforms based on looking in the rearview mirror we're looking ahead, we're seeing what's coming, artificial intelligence is coming, we've got to be prepared and a guaranteed. Livable income is one of the most important ways we can inoculate our sis against disruptions for which we're not prepared. We also must move ahead to look at what's coming at us, which is the climate emergency and most of what people have heard us talk about so far. The campaign has been related to climate, but look at the many ways in which steps on the climate emergency have an impact on other parts of our ways of life. For instance, in this platform we call for universal child care. It's another aspect of what makes life more livable for families. It's a step towards true equality, for women is to have Universal childcare access, but how does that relate to the climate emergency? We want to promote childcare spaces for early childhood education, where workers in that field are recognized as committed are committed to a green job workers and early childhood education there. Those are green jobs, but we also know that where we give parents the opportunity to put their child in a childcare facility co-located with where they work, it makes it way easier to pick up on the public transit opportunities so that when you're getting on your electric bus to go to work in 2030, you're, headed in the same direction with your kids, because they're enriched early education opportunity is located near where you work, preferably in the same building. We've made a big commitment in this platform to our cities and I'm standing on stage here somewhere with me, is Tim, grant who's the shadow cabinet critic on cities and infrastructure. It's critical that our cities get a seat at the table right now, we have the same because of the Constitution of 1867. Our municipal order of government is treated as though it's a child of the province we break out of this box with the Council of Canadian. Governments does not require reopening the Constitution like coincide to government canadienne 15 in innovate, innovation, Tea, Party of Canada, Eliot flame, our plush I love, Medel quiete might not utilize a on us freely, so in Australia they have a Council of Australian governments in which these the federal government of Australia Australia is not unlike Canada, except for, of course, we weren't all founded by prisoners who were sent here by the UK but nevermind where Australia has an unfair, lower house voting system. Just like ours, one difference in the Australian system is they now elect their Senate under proportional representation, which is the Green Party of Canada proposal as well, but in Australia they do have where we have provinces. They have States. So the Australian innovation was to say the Council of Australian governments is the federal government sitting with state government sitting with the municipal order of government. We take it. The next step, the Council of Canadian governments will be established to ensure that we have policy alignment that we share goals across orders of government so that we can move towards the same goal. It's obviously trite to say that there's only one taxpayer but taxpayers do get frustrated by seeing that their province is taking their money and moving in one direction. The federal government's trying to move in a different direction and nobody's really talked to the municipalities at all I'm, the Council of Canadian governments. We would have a table with four quadrants first, would be a quadrant for indigenous leadership, leadership from First, Nations, Metis and Inuit second quadrant municipal leadership, and we suggest that the Federation of Katy MS penalty's find a representative group with big-city mayor's and rural and remote representation. The provinces are represented in the third quadrant, the federal government in the fourth, and it would be one that looked at the major national issues, but we break down just as they do now in Australia, with specific sub tables, around specific issues trying to work to consensus. That's the green model for how we work to consensus, to identify policy goals so that we all pull in the same direction. In so doing, we also commit significant funds to the municipalities of Canada the continuation of what used to be called the gas tax fund. We think it should just be called the municipal fund because it's been delinked from gas taxes. For some time we commit to doing things with our municipal order of government to give them a voice at the table so that we work better as a federation. There's a great deal in this platform and I won't be able to dive into all of it. I can tell you that although the Parliamentary Budget Office is still crunching, our numbers we're quite confident that we found the revenue to pay for these promises, or we wouldn't take the chance of releasing the platform today and the budget next week. But we do have new sources of revenue, we're going to raise the corporate business tax level, not for small business, but for larger, transnational and bigger Canadian enterprises to 21% corporate business tax, we're going to create a 0.2 percent tax on every financial transaction, we're going to go after the offshore money we're going to deal with the problem of e-commerce. These companies that first came to us that seemed virtual and cool, and how could they be damaging? Not only are these companies, whether they're, Facebook or Google, or Amazon, or Airbnb or Netflix they operate in this country, take billions of dollars of profits out of this country, pay virtually no tax worse than that, we've created an unlevel playing field, so our local newspapers, if you, if an organization or a government, puts an ad in the local newspaper, it affects the bottom line in taxes. If they put it in Google or Facebook, they don't. We've got to close that loophole. We've got to do more to protect Canadian journalism and Canadian media from the offshore practices of what looked to be like this cool friend that we friended on Facebook. Sorry, not our friend, which also brings me to the question of privacy, we're going to do a more detailed press conference tomorrow on privacy, but greens are very concerned about the invasion of our privacy. We want to make sure that our privacy legal regime also applies to political parties, we're looking at ecommerce and looking at what happened with air B&BS. How is it that it's so hard to find an affordable house well in British Columbia? In any case, 20% of our housing stock has been taken out of the market where people can afford to live in those homes, because it's now in Airbnb, we thought it was our friends and neighbors letting a nice person from somewhere else come stay in their home. It's turned into a giant multinational where people buy up properties for the purpose of operating largely outside the regulatory framework that applies to this hotel. In this hotel, hundreds of people are employed. People pay. The hotel chain pays to meet the regulatory hurdles of Health and Safety the regulatory hurdles, provincial and federally they pay tax, they pay their employees, they're held to a standard era. B and B's are competing with Canadian small business, but not within our tax regime. We're also looking for more revenue in a number of other pockets and areas to make sure that we can pay for all our promises, but we're quite convinced we can which brings me to a place where we have savings, and that is even though every government in Canada, starting with this may surprise, you Stephen Harper in 2009, pledged to end subsidies to fossil fuels. In 2015, Justin Trudeau was elected on a platform that included a pledge to end fossil fuel subsidies. Instead they expanded them, they expanded them by the billions. So we will end fossil fuel subsidies in the first year in government. It's easy to do. We also stand for democratic institutional reform. We will bring back in front of everyone, one of the big missing puzzle pieces to a better government and fairer voting that, of course, it should be over by now I'm sure we all remember it. We probably can say it in unison. 2015 will be the last election held under first-past-the-post. O kay tells Greatest Hits of broken promises. We we can go. We have to bring this back and I'll. Tell you why it's often mischaracterized in the media that we want to get rid of first-past-the-post because it benefits the greens. That's not why it benefits democracy. We live in a country where, thanks to folk, la cuestión de Xiang's, Maldonado face on the scooter devotee, Remo Peabody L, don't latter eight deliver a democracy in this era, when people who we would have thought even of a being that I'm, sixty-five I, don't think it was so long ago, but maybe for some of my younger candidates. They don't remember a time when it would have been impossible to imagine people who represented a sort of vacant populism with no government experience who could come to office on a bully pulpit. We can't be sure that we wouldn't have such a candidate or such a leader in our future in Canada, unlike in the United States, where they have separation of power and checks and balances in a Westminster parliamentary Parliament, a prime minister whose party holds the majority of seats, has a majority government, regardless of how much of the population actually wanted that government it can be as little as thirty percent of the vote. Now that we have six parties competing for federal seats, but certainly 39% of the vote has delivered majority Parliament's in recent memory. What that means is the minority of the population can elect a majority government in which the leader has a hundred percent of the power to protect us from a future dictator style populist, with no background and not consistent with our core values as Canadians, they could get a hundred percent of the power. With less than fifty percent of the popular vote, we have to change our voting system before that individual comes along. We have to inoculate democracy against a future leader for Canada that we would right now find unacceptable and appalling I'm speaking of a hypothetical person, no one in particular, but but you can see how this could happen, we need to ensure that our voting system no longer delivers a hundred percent of the power to a party with less than half of the public support. That's why greens will bring back in front of everyone the reasons we change. We also want to do root and branch tax reform. We haven't had a tax commission since the 1960s. Our tax code has become heavily larded, with boutique tax cuts and various measures, most of which benefit the very wealthy. Some benefit the poor, no question, but we need to have a review of our tax system to ensure that it is fair. So, in all of this I'm going to stop because I know there will be questions for media I, usually don't give a long opening statement this long, but I know I, haven't touched the surface of all of our policies. I want to close by saying that fundamental to every single step in this policy book in this platform is the other broken promise that no relationship is Noah more important to us than our relationship with indigenous peoples. We have to mean at this time we have to be committed to bringing in the United Nations declaration the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. We have to legislate it in Canada to measure it to the commitment we've made internationally. We have to fulfill the calls to action of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and where they apply to the federal government, because those were a broad sweep of measures. We also have to meet the challenge of the inquiry of missing and murdered indigenous women and girls, and we can do this by accepting that we're on a intergenerational journey, because the colonialism oppression and cruelty the what the inquiry into missing and murdered indigenous women called the structural violence of our current legislative system can't be changed in a blink of an eye, and we have to do it in full concert with the self-determination and the rights of self-determination of indigenous peoples across Canada. We're prepared to do that, but it starts with recognizing that we have to make very substantial changes, and the burden of this journey falls mostly on settler Canadians, to understand the wrongs that were done and why we are committed to setting things right. It won't be overnight, but it starts with really understanding section 35 of our Constitution. It starts with recognizing it starts with passing into law the bill that was stalled in the Senate. We have a lot of things we want to say about what we stand for is grains. Fundamentally, what we stand for is rescuing our democracy and our Parliament from corporate influence and corporate control by rescuing our democracy and our Parliament from the constant interventions of backroom political spin doctors and staffers who, in the short time of my life in which I've worked in Ottawa I, did work in government in the 1980s and that Parliament was not dominated by spin doctors from back rooms telling the Prime Minister. This is a good law to pass, because you can use this as a wedge issue in the next election wedge issues and dog-whistle politics are contaminating Parliament itself. We are committed to making our Parliament more respectful, more effective, delivering for Canadians what they really want and I believe what Canadians really want is peace order and green government. Thank you very much by the way you'll notice. Some of us are wearing this little circular rainbow pin and it's very clear from the opening of the platform. You'll see why we're the only party in Canada that recognizes that Canada's commitment to the sustainable development goals is a commitment that our government took on. It's not just to say that we do all these things by 2030 in terms of our international development assistance. These goals, access to clean drinking water, ending poverty, ensuring that no one is hungry. These sustainable development goals are central to our platform and that's why you'll see the icons for each UN sustainable development goal aligned with the platform promise sail a Budhan ASEAN. You need to have WAP dahab a polka, a leave a parley. Oh, do do me a taunt, so 2030 is a big year because that's the top of the box 2030! That's where we're going on climate action 2030! That's when we deliver on ending poverty in Canada and around the world by 2030. It's an exciting time to be alive, because we actually can do all these things, but not with business as usual. So I open the floor to questions but I have to say to all wonderful volunteers who are here: it's only the accredited media that can ask questions today. So I open the floor to anyone who wants to ask a question: yes, what the Aquila played? Don't thank chatters. Okay, javadi encore des Oerlikon, another polish shift, or should we say a pile of ought to calc Ashley Raimondi Clemons Vaseline, a collusive on an Evo depreciation available ho Parliament, a budget air poor Luftwaffe news setting setting sit still more question. The calcaneal name may not apply from say per share on to alifair, say I'm Beaumarchais to survey to humanity only portion design, a Beaumarchais former, the conformal shape, leagues, existence de la poverty. Sorry Michelle setter could a norm. Le program could not associate a poor Polly personally support some meal dollar per honey for EM. Please your name yet can say silly. It's a temple. Marche de Foix lay a board among other pork pleasure, some happily a news apology for seek Pascal the program. The astronauts Mary came up our example, the red we're like who do not resist them: the Sante public par school lake law. Also, please, the pharmacy pharmaceutical pharmacy, we said I said amount of journalistic idea, Canada for a demo atom. Well lots of please Big, Pharma, I love, say Emily. Could they Merrick Emma, absolutely more electrons justification? It could protect a calc calc. A dollar porn and rock miss it's a passive if LOC it everyday shocks on a kilrathi a day: the dude dollar- oh they near the dollar, Paschal II could America mas, Jennifer being larceny, don't live, they could pour pour Metsu poor Hermits lately little Sula Masha Allah on drugs, I'd really cook. The natto system does not Republic I reckon program as your house Derek Emma Universal, it's universal le ship, so disbelieve portions and then a simpler question. Yes, okay, freaky of me, please, because I have a thing about the term running for prime minister, because I am a democracy, parliamentarian nerd, no one runs to be Prime Minister in this country, but we've been presidential izing our system at our peril. So, yes, I, think I am the best qualified to be Prime. Minister of Canada I will say that out loud but I also say I, don't think it's very likely. I have a lot of experience. I've worked in government starting in 1986 I worked in a government when Parliament worked well when the civil service worked better than it does today, when every department of government understood its core competency area. When scientists within government dictated policy, and not the politicians, we're not politicians, I'd have to say again these backroom people who never stand for office who control more of what goes on in our democracy than people who are qualified. With all of that, my goal is not I. Have nothing against the NDP I'm, not running against the NDP I'm running to elect as many of these wonderful candidates as is possible so that a caucus of green MPs can assist, can Canadians, particularly in a minority situations such as that that occurred under Lester Pearson. It can be said that a party that never held power did more to put in place our social safety net than anyone else. It was a different era than for the NDP back in the 1960s Tommy Douglas didn't care who got the credit, David Lewis didn't care who got the credit they just wanted to make our lives better and that's the kind of people we are now. We are people who are determined to make things better for Canadians and if a government with a prime minister that isn't green gets all the credit, if we fix things for Canadians, if we make life more affordable and if we give our children who are now out on school climate strikes, if we let them know, we've got your back. We're not leaving you with this. We will not leave you with a climate emergency with galloping levels of global warming which imperil their future. So those are the things we can about overtaking the NDP. Isn't a goal ensuring we have good government and a strong Parliament is our goal: I'll go to Eric! That's right! No and I'll. Tell you why the strategic road is to vote green right now, where, for the first time in my short career in politics, I didn't join a political party. Till I was, in my 50s I I stand with the fort one of the founders of the German Green Party, who was a friend of mine, Petra Kelly, who used to describe the greens as the anti-party party I, think partisan politics gets in our way, but set that aside, we have now for the first time in my short political career, a split that is to six parties. There are six parties currently with MPs in the House of Commons, well, Parliament dissolved, so the point of dissolution six parties were represented. Six parties will return some number of MPs the split on the right of max baring in the people's party, even if it only gets three or four percent of the popular vote is enough to shave off differences when you, when you really crunch down and look at the numbers, that's enough to shave off a number of conservative seats. Meanwhile, we are picking up in support. We are. We are going to elect a lot more members of parliament, but we were willing to work across party lines. We don't want to make other people look bad. We want to make everybody look better. So when we get into a parliament, I think the irony of Justin Trudeau's money. It's not a broken promise that 2015 will last election under first-past-the-post that the words broken promise don't apply. Massive betrayal applies massive betrayal, so so, but I think the irony and and there's deep irony in this I think the Parliament that gets returned after October 21st may well. Look like a parliament elected under fair voting. If every Canadian who has the right to vote, gets out in votes and they follow one piece of simple advice: vote for what you want vote for what you want and you will get a government and a parliament that requires that we do what Canadians want us to do: work together! Well, the largest. We have to always remember that the largest voting bloc in 2011, when Stephen Harper formed a majority government. If, if they had had, if they'd form government would have been the called the we stayed home party because more people didn't vote than voted conservative. So I really do call on Canadians to ponder that and think about it, particularly if you're a teen and voting for the first time or you're 23 and you haven't voted yet or you're 40 and you got sick of it, get out and vote whatever. You would like to see happen to this country. Look at the party platforms and vote for what you want: pasca avec, Sasha, foscar, music fresca. It's probably more news along one Pali momi! No detail is a sellout right, so tallied Posse may lose a very song say: pop received a fair hand, scoot on the vote, a schwa, zero, so very mad. No and Google woman out there it's not possible to go into a polling, booth and vote for a minority Parliament, but if every Canadian gets out and votes and votes what they want and the more people who vote green the better, because we will be much more likely then to have a parliament with people who are more committed to working across party lines to accomplish good things for Canadians, then for just the kind of continual Punch and Judy show. We now see in our question period. We don't want that anymore. We want to actually make Parliament work for Canadians, so I'm not worried about that. We're going to take where people say who, where do you want to take votes from? We greens don't split a vote. We grow a vote. Well, a lot of our and when I say, grow the vote. It's not a slogan it's empty. When I was elected in 2011 Saanich Gulf Islands had the highest voter turnout in the country and I defeated a sitting. Conservative cabinet minister and I can tell you for most of the campaign. What I heard was. Why are you running here? You're gonna guarantee that Gary one stays in power and it's terrible because the vote will be split between the NDP, the Liberals on the greens and you can't possibly win so I heard that right up to the moment when I won, so it's it's it's, but when we won in 2011 in Saanich Gulf Islands. Seventy five percent voter turnout when I was reelected in 2015, just under 80 percent. Voter turnout but I'm not satisfied with that Peter Bevan Baker, the leader of the Prince Edward Island greens. First time he was elected, he was elected with 92 percent voter turnout, so we don't want to see Canadians pay home anymore and and I don't want to be unkind because I want to work with these other leaders in Parliament later. But honestly, people worry about strategic voting that they're gonna have to choose the lesser of two evils: we're faced with the evil of two lessers. So I think that helps us reach people in the GTA. The particles of a deal are to Lamont Canadian québécois Quebec was levert avec la pluie, niveau de pouvoir sit on what fair pasta on way a massage record daily visit, our playlist election dawn election party, l on animal Ladysmith LaLanne demand a playlist elección, the Paul manly come deputy Nanaimo ladies method, Newseum deputy there le lu, o canada, the pre women is justin. Trudeau idea of Japan's capital is elected. A Nanaimo Ladysmith song play erection, climatic, don't notice the men later party, the liberal liberal, for your CMP day or present a dollop Alamo, the most young canoe, some door and situations. Climatic Japan's, K along real is a don't situation. The John, selector, Hal I, say pasar conducive on evil. The the debe make comment on Jai faim on the skooled. Only polymer is they don't say the sit-ins and to time one I play presentation: demos, yo, yo, Johnny, ledyba um, like come on, say that this Satyam Xuan Jai faim on to school I reckon apparel, poor, poor lazy, top non-partisan for travelling from Poland solution to automatic me, risotto, chef, nick de Paula and sous chef, Tony style, past good sailor, suave de la celebración de Victoire de Raptors, a jug me thing: we Andrew share please Justin to toe today par Dona, Paula, more poor lady bonjour schematic too late wha, so EC uh, Toronto por la celebración de Victoria Raptors. So you have to ask sometimes two people: where does your vote make a bigger difference with one of your traditional parties? And you have to think about it? When did you last feel really good about your vote? When did you last think that vote had a lot of power? Chef, Adia, clear, Mon, Calas elector, deny milady Smith, not know it's all a more satisfying avec little daisies young, the fake alko shows cap. Let Casca pepsin door, not for media national first appearance and only social party pause create a passive devil and Nouveau deputy there on an I'm allen, Smith met a family again yeah I've a can't shake wrong mouth Jean, the Victoire. It's a poor suckers idea to Lamont Paul severe what day their past Guevara good vertical vote. Applause de pouvoir I reckon, but where could don't to lay software software and I know deputy Liam, melees, otra, parte, Bhaskar, Oh, Beckett, Oliveira Vols, but that were on trophy Akiko shows por las hojas Medicare for dr. Scholl's, poor automatic it passed a male Bhatia, tap Keef, a man on you, never part I know to the party ever can plan for very mo, eliminate the risk, could new and all paired, not civilization our coastal John cymatics and if I'm Black Ant were fairly shows remedy. If you see I, don't what the fair or swamp it's just a question: it's my choice! Right! Yes, it's a very good question. My I have not yet spoken with him. The senior campaign management has spoken with him and he has made a very credible case to them that he does not differ one iota from the party position that we support a woman's right to a safe and legal abortion. I haven't spoken with him yet so you'd have to say the vetting process is not yet complete, because I do want to speak with him directly, but there are other circumstances in the very for the very poor first response, which I heard, which was I. Don't remember, signing this petition wasn't satisfactory to me. I just want to make one loop around and talk to him again. One was that he said that he filled out the petition the first time in volute and I want to double-check, but he believes it was placed by the group on a second time without double-checking with him. He there some of it it's very personal about his and his wife's situation, hoping to have a child I won't get into a lot of details, but they understand totally that a woman's right to a safe and legal abortion is essential in our country. We cannot go back to the days when women died, because a bunch of men made a decision that we didn't control our own bodies. This is this is not negotiable, so we just want to make sure that he is completely and he's because he did not declare we what our process of vetting candidates and all these candidates have gone through it. We need to know when you're vetted. Is there anything in our policy with which you disagree and if there is depending on what the issue is so just okay, so you don't agree with electing the Senate okay, fine, you're onboard with climate change, you're onboard with social justice. You can run or you don't agree, so there's different. We we want to know ahead of time, because in our effort once I want to state as a positive, we I can't believe we're being beaten up for believing in democracy. But we don't think it's right that a party leader is a dictator over every single MP and as an MP who served in the house the last eight years me a whipped vote is not an unusual occurrence. It's a daily occurrence! That's why members of parliament don't read the legislation. Why bother? It could only make them feel miserable to vote for something they actually wouldn't want about if they want to do if they thought about it, I'm the only MP that I know who reads audre bill and I think about every bill. So I'm just going to finish and say: I have been in the house when members of parliament have been whipped to vote against their own party policy, so I'm getting a lot of questions but well well. Well, we know what Korean staffer we stand for our values, but when I was the only member of parliament to vote against bombing Libya and NDP members of parliament came up to me with their their faces just stained with tears, because they were forced to vote for something that wasn't their Party policy and which was against their personal conscience or when conservatives came up to me when they were whipped to vote, the de specced as' is safe and there these whipped votes are really a anti-democratic. So again, with the with the candidate in question, I do want to make sure that when he filled out the form he did not identify that he disagreed with the party on abortion rights and we went back to and said if you disagree with her on abortion rights. Why did you not declare that he said because I don't disagree? I support a woman's right to a safe and legal abortion, so I want to speak with him personally before I can regard. The matter is closed. Yeah well like the equal coverage in this election, we'll make a very big difference. If it ever happens, so I I have to apologize. I missed the fact that journalists who are credited were also back there I'm. So sorry, I I, don't want to be the kind of politician who targets other parties. We want to advance our own ideas. I, don't know the gentleman in question I hear he has a nice reputation, he's never been in the Green Party since I've been here, but that doesn't mean he's not a good candidate. I obviously want PN untell to be reelected in one glycin a bear, but we're we're here to talk to Canadians and give people hope that there is a party out there that doesn't do old politics, that we do things differently, and that means giving people a chance to explain themselves. It means allowing for the possibility of working together later I think it's really important to say now that I've mentioned Pierre not tell I, find it appalling, the way he's being attacked. He was recruited to federal politics by Jack, Layton Jack Layton trusted him. I gather mr. Singh doesn't but I'd also ask the New Democrats, who they knew better and whose judgment they trust, because I know that they're I have no concern at all. Having worked in Parliament with Pierre nan tail for eight years, then he's somehow some sort of firebrand who wants to hurt this country. He wants to ensure that all of us are addressing the climate crisis and that election just got more interesting with mr. Ferrell and in the mix in LA I saw a bear, I love the way you put the question. First of all, we were the first party to call for legalization of cannabis and we don't think the Liberals got it right. We need to do a lot more work to fix the regulation of cannabis. We need to particularly address cannabis for health needs. It still is it's. It's very. It's actually made some some situations worse by bringing it in I feel. So when I first read the bill to legalize cannabis, I thought they drafted this after putting a bunch of people in a room and binge watching reefer madness till they then could legislate what to do with this very dangerous thing. It's very strange. So we do need to get back to that. We don't believe in shiny baubles, I feel as though every budget I've read for years has been like a Christmas tree with this here and that here and this will buy off the parents with kids with autism for a little bit, and this will buy off the people who are really concerned about homelessness for a little bit. This will buy off those who are worried about what whatever we this platform represents. Something bold in every single category. We don't have time anymore for incremental steps, our public broadcaster, our arts and culture sector, they dribs and drabs and tiny, shiny baubles that don't actually address a crisis, leave everything simmering below the surface and not resolved. So what our platform is is a solid offer for democracy. It's not trying to buy anybody's vote is trying to say this is what a properly formed government and Parliament would be capable of doing if we all maintained a strong sense of duty of ethics, of hard work and doing it together, and we can do all these things together, including protecting the rights of sex workers, including a more progressive platform than any other party on LGBTQ trans rights at two-spirited rights. To make sure that programs medications, health care, mental health supports I, haven't mentioned mental health. Yet this morning mental health and addiction crisis is huge. We would decriminalize the illicit drugs on the street so that we can ensure safe supply and make sure people aren't dying, not from overdoses. The current situation. People are dying from poisonings because fentanyl is contaminating a drug supply that is illicit is illegal, but we can't address that crisis, which is so severe that it's actually affected our life expectancy. As a country. We can't address that crisis with shiny baubles. We have to actually go to the root of the problem and fix it. No, the NDP did it a couple months ago: well, I I. Just I have to step back and say: I was privileged this year, starting in February and ending in August to go to every province and one of our territories in 34 town hall meetings. What I heard from Canadians is reflected in this platform, so in some places in the country, they're big and it's huge right. If you live in British Columbia Saskatchewan Americans, most of Canada we've just lost our bus service, so you can't get from Prince George to Vancouver, without either flying or driving, because the bus service is gone and you can't get from Saskatchewan to Regina, because the bus service has gone a lot of people in this country feel things crumbling all around them. We wanted to address that. We did in the context of a climate emergency. Every Canadian should have access to transit. Big urban centers need much better transit systems. Rural and remote Canadians need much better transit systems. It's a it's an appalling scandal that we don't have transportation services, the equivalent of Mexico for Canadians right so I, don't know! If there's one single thing as much as the themes, we have take democracy back from political parties. We have to get transnational corporations out of running or governments, and we have to ensure that Canadians know that they have people who work hard for them and not for foreign corporations and other interests. It's much more about social justice. Yes pharmacare! Yes, low-income dental child care. Eliminating tuition, yes, make life more affordable for our kids. Take care of our seniors do more for veterans. If anything, I guess what this platform tells Canadians back to your question is we're certainly not a one-issue party unless the one issue is Canada, any other, any other journalists that I haven't caught your eye, I'll go back yeah, it has to be much better, designed it's hardly hard to imagine a system that was worse designed. What are the issues we have? Is that zero plastic in our society, but the regulations around cannabis require something virtually unrecyclable. A giant plastic, hard plastic, canister, I I, am by the way, unqualified to be leader, the Green Party of Canada, because I have never ingested cannabis, but we were the first party to call for legalization. I stand with it, but I visiting a friend who does ingest appalled by they've created a system where you wouldn't think it was possible to lose money selling marijuana, but one thing they've done is cut out the people who know how to do it because yesterday's criminals are today's experts, they're not asking them for help they're going to a lot of former Conservative cabinet members and people who used to decry cannabis to run the companies that they clearly don't know how to do this. We need more supply and one of the ways we need more supply because of this reefer madness mindset when they drafted the legislation. Was this idea that you could only grow cannabis indoors? That increases the complete the environmental impact of the cannabis regulations at the moment is to drive up water use to drive up electricity use the energy drain of cannabis indoors anyway, they've made they've managed to make a system that only Ottawa could do how to lose money selling grass. We need to revisit it. It should not be a burden on the provinces, it shouldn't be a burden on indigenous nations. One thing we should do is recognize that cannabis grown outdoors and organically to boost supply makes sense. We should also make sure that the ways in which cannabis is sold does not require a whole new issue of plastic pollution that we hadn't contemplated before and to reduce the energy draw and water draw and by the way, pesticides, because there is some debate about this, but growing cannabis inside greenhouses does tend to promote certain pest problems and mold problems for which they use more pesticides. So we're very conscious of the fact that this is an area that should be managed so that provinces don't have a financial hit and we should be able to do that by by revisiting the legislation in the next parliament. I applaud the Liberals for keeping that promise. Let's be clear, I may take it to have a little bit of fun, but it's good to keep a promise. I wish they'd done it more I'm checking for yes, sir well I, think it's a shame, I think and I'm sure. A lot of members of my team would like it. If I didn't answer, questions I think it's important to listen to the question and answer any question. That's asked and I think the Prime Minister should do so. Oh well, his his launch in front of Rideau, Hall I, know Justin Trudeau well and I. Why did he choose that day? Why did he look so unhappy? Well, you know he's uncomfortable in this election campaign. Clearly he chose four days shy of the legal minimum. A 36 day writ is the legal minimum. He may have been feeling biblical with going with 40 days and 40 nights. I, don't know, but I like to point out that does align with the great flood of Noah's Ark and in this campaign we are a bunch of amateurs and volunteers compared to the big party operations and they're professionals. But I would like to remind people, amateurs and volunteers built the ark professionals built the Titanic, so so I've been asked so I report before I leave this stage and I hope you won't mind, but I've been given the high sign by one of my favorite friends in the world who stood with me at my wedding. Those are deputy national campaign manager, Deborah and occurr she's she's. Actually, my boss, I I'm gonna, stop now and I want to stop by mentioning all the candidates who are here and I did have it written on a nice piece of paper. I'm sure I did yes well anyway. I'll just have to wing it, but some candidates are here who have not made it to the stage because it's so crowded so Nick. Why don't you go first, just just you and Mike introduce yourselves and I'll keep finding my list. Cameron you go next Cameron Chris! Will you help me out down here? You go next rym Oh, Peter Hannah, no ever Jessica the next member of Parliament's of Guelph Nikki would Amanda and Merry Christmas go ahead. Yeah I also want to shout out if I missed any Kent. Oh yes, you haven't said anything yet and a shout out to the first federal party leader in this country to come out as gay, our former party leader, Chris Lee. So with that just disponibles autocast yawns, apostasy, jelly's looks like candidate keep apartments a particular mall Candice to pursue a CLA totally cast Joseph SEC disbelieve I'll stay here happy to answer any questions. Anyone has one-on-one love to take pictures with candidates, don't run off and thank you to all our volunteers who came out for the launch of our wonderful full, complete. Oh there's, my list wonderful platform. Thank you! So much.