So good afternoon, I think you heard my remarks upstairs and I'm happy to take your questions. Well, we will continue to dispute that at the first of all, through judicial reference to the Alberta appeal court, and also by supporting the Appeals of the governments of Saskatchewan and Ontario to the Supreme Court of Canada, we will be asking that the Supreme Court to delay their consideration of those appeals until we've been able to get a judgment from the Alberta appeal court. That considers the unique fact pattern here in Alberta. Quite frankly, I know that Justin Trudeau is not going to back up on his policy on that. Our first effort was to get a democratic decision from Canadians that didn't happen on on the carbon tax. Yesterday, our backup plan or Plan B is to go and assert our provincial rights through the courts. That's what we'll be doing on these for the transplant pipeline, just don't need for it to go back to Parliament or to be prayer. So are you concerned, though, that what happened last night I think there's always been some concern in Alberta that the federal government is not completely committed to its completion, and one can imagine a scenario in a minority Parliament where parties that hold the balance of power might try to negotiate their support for confidence measures such as a budget contingent upon federal withdrawal from TMX. What I'm saying is that would be totally unacceptable and if the Prime Minister means what he said last night about listening to Alberta and Saskatchewan, the clearest way he could do so would be to unequivocally commit this new government to the completion of the pipeline that the federal government owns. I also did raise with the prime minister during our call earlier today. My hope that we could work together in pursuing the least partial sale of that pipeline and I think it would be a big boost for its a potential completion if there was at least some level of Aboriginal financial participation in the pipeline, we've extended, as you know, through the indigenous opportunities corporation, the possibility to facilitate some of that. So the bottom line is this: with a lot of issues on the plate here and a lot of anger and frustration in Alberta. I want people to keep their eye on the prize focused on our most important economic imperative, which is the completion of that pipeline. It was a brief conversation. We didn't get into detail about that. Well Dean when we first spoke the day after Alberta's April election I indicated to the Prime Minister, then, and three days later, at our in-person meeting in his Ottawa office, that that I want to find a way to work together and I've always said, it's no secret that I have been opposed to most of his policies because I think they heard Alberta, but at the same time I'm a Democrat and I respect. Any elected government and I will seek to work with any elected government and- and that includes, for example, I said to him in in April that we would be willing to be flexible on the price of our tier levy, the technology, innovation and emissions reduction levy that we would be willing to to be flexible on, for example, the emissions cap on the oil sands. If we could exempt oil sands projects from the the disastrous new bill, c69 and I said generally, you know I'm prepared to to try to find a way forward with this federal government that I reiterated that today our approach is not to be dogmatic. Our approaches to defend our vital economic interests and that may require some give-and-take with the federal government. I would also point out that to the Prime Minister that on many of the issues I've spoken about, we have the support of all our most of the provinces at nine of ten opposed to bill. C 69 several problems, as opposed to the application of the carbon tax, nine of ten provinces in favor of energy and resource corridors, including oil and gas pipelines. So you know it together with trying to have taken a constructive role with Ottawa. We've also tried to build a pan-canadian coalition that reflects our interests. Well, III guess I would say the flexibility is in our implementation of the levy on major emitters, which will capture over half of the emissions from the Alberta economy. Justin, Trudeau and I disagree about the utility of punishing seniors for heating, their homes and people driving to work I. Just do not think that is effective. Environmental policy and and albertans spoke very clearly on that last April. So, but you know, I would, on this point, Dean I would say like the the the carbon. The the the levy on major emitters through the tirtir levy is a very significant piece and we'll be setting that at $30, which is where the federal government wants us to be in 2020, and we are actually working very closely with the federal Department of the Environment on the technical application of the tier levy to industrial emitters. So there actually is a fair degree of cooperation there, but we will not see eye to eye when it comes to punishing people for heating their homes. I would remind you that premier Pallister and the Manitoba government tried they were actually committed to a retail carbon tax. They didn't agree on the price point and they couldn't find any flexibility from the Trudeau government, which was unfortunate or rework. Well, we we did I mean we. This was part of our platform and we've expressed this consistently I've raised it with the Prime Minister before, and the position of Alberta is well-known on this, that we believe the equalization formula is fundamentally unfair, but but let me point something out here: first of all of the twenty billion dollar net annual contribution that Albertans make to the rest of the Federation through their federal taxes. Only about three billion of that is three equalization. That's important! You know why be in part, because it's insulting to us that we have to subsidize provinces that choose not to develop their own resources with the resources that we develop. We think that's that's a perverse incentive for other provinces not to develop their resources, and we think it's fundamentally unfair that it keeps going up and up there's no ceiling. There is a ceiling on the fiscal stabilization program, there's all sorts of ways in which equalization is unfair, but it's the entire twenty billion dollars of net transfers out of this province. That as I say, we don't object. We don't object to sharing some of our wealth. What we object to is Ottawa and some provincial governments expecting us to pay those bills without allowing us to develop the wealth to do so. So all we're trying to do is connect the two. You want us to pay the freight in the Federation, fine that helped us to pay the bills by selling our oil in global markets. Let's go to the phones. Can we wait just one? Second, all those bones operator. Can you please put through the first color just a couple, quick questions, one in the supplementary number one? Why should Trudeau listen to Alberta to get reelected? He doesn't need Alberta. His father was able to stay in power without Alberta, and history showed us there's little likely that the Liberals will ever ever win a lot of seats in Alberta and he's got a lot of other things on his plate, dealing with the bloc québécois and the NDP. Why? Why should turtle even listen to anything? The Alberta government has to say for two reasons: Rick. Firstly, because if the frustration and alienation in Alberta continues to mount, it will pose a very serious challenge to national unity. Secondly, because Alberta plays a hugely oversized role in national prosperity and the finances of the federal government, and so if he wants to strengthen national unity and the Canadian economy, then he needs to listen to the provinces that produce a disproportionate amount of the wealth and the Federation. Last yesterday, Albertan spoke with a louder voice than they have ever done in federal electoral history. In fact, I believe I haven't been able to confirm this 100%, but to the best of my knowledge last night was the single largest mandate for one federal party in a province since 1867. That is pretty power. That's a pretty powerful statement that was a very diverse spectrum of Albertans who sent a powerful message last night and many of them are saying they don't feel at home in their own country, which I think is tragic and and so, as I said, to Prime Minister Trudeau when we first met in May of this year in his office, I said Prime Minister that the first obligation of anybody in your position is to strengthen national unity, but it's actually being undermined in the province that has contributed more than than any other in our modern economic history. So that's why Rick, because if you care about unity and prosperity, you should care about how Alberta's doing your follow-up, serious challenge to national unity and I agree with you. Lot of Albertans are bein poppin serious today, and many of them are talking about separatism, and many are talking about a nation within a nation and all of that stuff. We've heard that before we heard that in the in the reign of this particular prime minister's father, why should why? Should they even react to to the possibility of a serious challenge to national unity when it's not really at least outwardly as serious a challenge as when Quebec challenged national unity, and they have a large separatist movement and a separatist party and a referendum in a they almost left, I mean? Why should they take that seriously? Why should they not think that Alberta is just the boy who cried wolf and that there's lots of them hangar? Now, there's fury. People are apoplectic in many cases, but in the end it won't. It won't matter a lot well Rick. It matters a whole lot to this province. That is essential to national prosperity. When I go and meet the the top financial leaders of the country on base Street, they are desperately interested in what is happening to Alberta's economy, because our ability to generate returns on pensions on on people's life savings federal revenues. All of these things depend in a very large bedroom. What happens here in this province, so I would hope that no Prime Minister is is as cynical as you suggest and becomes disinterested in a huge and growing share of the population feeling alienated from the country. I would hope. That's not the case, but I would I would equally hope that any federal government cares that that you know this is the goose that laid the golden egg in modern Canadian economic history, and this needs some tending. This relationship needs some some good faith from Ottawa and if it doesn't get that I I fear that the alienation is going to go in a very problematic direction, but Rick. This is also why we have built into our platform commitments. Some real leverage points, including forcing a serious debate on the Constitution that I, don't think Justin Trudeau wants to have, which is a full open referendum on equalization two years from now. If we can't get fairness, if we don't get a pipeline built, and so we built things like that in as leverage and Rick I announced earlier today, that our government will be launching a panel made up of eminent Albertans to consult more broadly on other ideas of how to get a fair deal in the Federation, we are going to force our fight for a fair deal onto the national agenda, come hell or high water. It's actually Michelle's turn well to two things. First of all, an opportunity for Albertans to express themselves in their their view of their role in the Federation in the particularly in light of this brutal election, when our province was being targeted for attacks by by federal parties and, secondly, to canvass every idea. That's out there about how more effectively to us to get a fair deal for Alberta within Canada. So there are a whole lot of ideas that have been floated about constitutional amendments. Non-Constitutional approach is a greater assertion of provincial jurisdiction. Many of these ideas go all the way back to, for example, ideas that Peter Lougheed floated in the late 1970s and since then. So are the mandate we will give to this expert panel will be to look at all of those ideas and say what would be the most effective ways to assert fairness for Alberta in the Federation and to listen to our burdens in doing so definitely have public hearings and I I want to get this going as quickly as possible. I've already spoken to a couple of very prominent Albertans they're, just checking with their families and employers to see if they can secure the time this fall to spend on the road talking. Twelve Burton's I would just put it this way. Eminent people whose names you will recognize Tyler. So you talked a second ago over this frustration going into dark. Prime Minister has a responsibility. What is your responsibility to keep it from the dark place? Well, my responsibility is to offer constructive alternatives and that's what we're seeking to do. We did this in our platform in the fair deal for Alberta section, which includes a number of constructive ideas. I I think the solution to frustration, that's expressing itself in separatist sentiment is a positive ideas about reforming the Federation. For a fair deal for Alberta and that's what we're focused on doing, that's what we have been doing very well. First of all, it's an emotional one, because I really believe at heart. Most Albertans are patriots and we've we've had a higher number of young Albertans enroll in our military at times of crisis and we're we are proud of what we've done together is Canadian. Secondly, I would say that we should not let Justin Trudeau and his policies make us feel unwelcome in our own country and thirdly, I would say we have allies across Canada. We have provincial governments who have got our back on a number of these issues, including a fair deal for a resource sector and our and our oil and gas workers. So we're not isolated we're, not alone. People shouldn't draw that conclusion. From last night we have, we have as I say, not attend provincial governments that say they're for oil and gas pipeline corridors across the country, they're against bill c69. So those three points, first of all, an emotional attachment to this country. Secondly, we shouldn't let Justin Trudeau make us feel unwelcome. Thirdly, we have allies, and fourthly, my view is this: it doesn't land locking ourselves through separation is not a solution to the problem of a campaign to land lock, Alberta. The green left has been leading a campaign to land lock, our energy. Why would we give them what they want by land, locking Alberta within North America as a jurisdiction that has no argument for access to co2 to our coasts or for that matter, a jurisdiction that would fall out of Daft, so I just think from an Alberta it doesn't make for me. It's not. It doesn't accord to my own emotional attachment, I'm, not gonna, let sure to push me out of my country. We've got allies across the country and we're not going to get one inch closer to a pipeline by closing in on ourselves as a landlocked jurisdiction. Well, I think they did a lot that was right. They picked up 26 seats, they won the popular vote. They won seats in every region of the country and uh I think Andrew performed it commendably, both before and during this election under an unbelievably vicious attacks. I think you know, there's always a challenge for a new opposition leader, especially at the federal level to become known and now he's had a chance, I think to demonstrate that he's capable and even-tempered and likable, and and now he has a chance to build on the progress that he thought he has made. I think you know, if you look at last night's result, it's clear that there was a particular challenge in the seats around the metro toronto area. So if I were to give you any of any advice, it's a it's up. It's fairly obvious advice. It's to focus on on working hard in those areas of particularly amongst the new Canadian communities, with whom I spend so much time over over 10 or 15 years in federal politics. I, truly believe those new Canadians are naturally conservative in their values and aspirations, their belief in Economic, Opportunity, low taxes, strong families law and order, and immigration reform, as well as well as strong immigration policies that ensure fairness in the system. I'm not sure that the federal conservatives always got that message out and they just need to redouble their effort to do so, but but listen that was you know. Let's put this in perspective. Mr. Trudeau is forming a government with a low level of popular vote of any government majority minority in Canadian history, since 1867 Mr Shearer won. The popular vote that in itself is is is an important achievement and it's certainly a base upon which to build think it would be a big mistake. I think parties that that do that are very short-sighted. I think Andrew has earned the trust of Canadian conservatives and certainly the right to contest the next election he's grown as a leader as a man under enormous pressure. That is something of great value when it comes to running in a brutal federal election environment, and so I can just tell you this Andrew Shearer is a good friend of mine, and he has my unequivocal support in staying on his conservative leader and I believe that most Alberta conservatives feel that way. Let's go back to the phone hang on Kieren. Well, I was never going to do it. Full-Time, obviously, I've got a full-time job here, but I did pitch in when they requested and certainly shared the views of Albertans and what can I say. Last night, 1.5 million Albertans voted for the federal conservatives, election 33 of 34 MPs, nearly 70% of the vote. I think that demonstrates that what I have been saying about the views of Albertans bears out. As having I mean you don't 70% is just about as close as you get to unanimity in a first past, the post electoral system- that is an massive majority and I think it confirms that albertans are behind what our government has been saying about the need for fairness in the Federation. Let's go back to the phones operator. Can you please put through the next color I? Think I heard you say that how you would there would be public hearings, I, just wonder how you keep the lid on or even if you want I'm, just watching the comments go by the chats go by on your Twitter feed. Yeah, that's running pretty hot! You haven't even started yet I'm, just wondering how you how you handle the prospect of these becoming very emotional, almost pro-separatist rallies. Do you plan to just invite the public or do you? That's absolutely do this? Yes, Don these will be wide open public town halls, and you know what, for exactly that reason, there's two approaches that leaders can take in an environment like this in Alberta today, one would be to dismiss and ridicule the sentiment of frustration that is palpable and refuse to listen to those people. That is the worst mistake possible that would just I think create even more frustration. The other alternative done is to actually listen to people and respect what they have to say and I. Think that is the much wiser approach, and so that's exactly why we'll be appointing this panel because I sense, you know. Don't. Let me be blunt about this. There are a lot of people who might be characterized as the Laurentian elites or certain opinion elites who don't take that sentiment seriously, but they should, and so the hearings that we will hold will be an opportunity for people to speak out and I. Do expect to hear a lot of frustration and people have a bloody right to be frustrated in this province. Don they have every right. There are people. Look, there are people who have lost their homes lost their jobs, their families that have broken up we've seen it as the University of Calgary, confirmed last month, a spike in suicides in Alberta in the past four years. This has had very real real-life consequences on people, and we must give at those frustrated Albertans an opportunity to speak their minds. Donna I have heard from not you know the people who I'd never expected to who would have characterized themselves before his political moderates. Talking to me in the last 24 hours about separation, now, I don't know how many of those people are just finding that language is a way to blow off steam and articulate their frustration. But we we darn well better, get to the bottom of it and listen to people with respect and that's what we intend to do. A follow up to that bomb. Jane attachment nevada, same Oceano, canada, Mattamy on Sylvie, don't laugh, US, Army, Canadian GP lay a generación de Zi mo Journal permit par mr. Kudo, the affair, the the mapu say, order not to be Asia Kwok the Canada, a Bakugan, a boca, please important concern: shaft politic quasi among news Evo Parnell dally a dizzily, a police seek families of Raghuveer animal province. So he completes our pleasure zone. Julie governments Quebec pop exalted Luke a Becky, a tad not rocket a control imposes yonder tax of solar cabin G federal le Quebec. New supreme controller positivist was on earth, dzifa devil, elisa lipid, Ezzor province. A final mo de derechos, a sapphic oaken sauce pour moi the new new, fair, more common patsy jurisdiction, son Zack, ce o-- coat. Sons are acts a or mushy domestic or international. All do canada. New paired home axial machinery can avec Lelaina path. Example: sila problem, a con una proven pub generic ce o-- quarter, fully lasagna jerk, harmonious canoes obtained obtained hall lack ce o-- coat all do Canada from a Suffolk, oaken sauce or plough logical. New Papa's all lays alternate seafood Iran, a reformed litter, Orazio pool juice, TSP Alberta, Oh, Sandra, Federation vacancy Rida, poeple accompli, sell canoes, Evo deposit on our platform, dr. Val, a eagle mo je vais nami group de personaje portal, albertine, a fairly concession, avec legume public pool, develop a lazily. They mailed a faultless entered a strategic, did not come here so sends you Canada. No, those programs have to operate on an equal per capita basis. It's not about I hope it can. It never becomes about some sort of like Banana Republic divide the spoils. You know kind of system, so whatever whatever programs, the Fed, but what we will be demanding I got to say as part of our fight for a fair deal is, to the greatest extent, possible, moving from federal cash transfers to a tax point transfers for areas that are within provincial jurisdiction, because we think that's a smarter and fairer way of allocating federal support for policy areas that are within provincial jurisdiction and that's something where we are aligned with Quebec. For example, your relationship with mr. Trudeau, you being very outspoken, of course, before the campaign will not lay Trudeau Alliance fighting and trying to defeat mr. Trudeau, not you have to work with him. It's still your intention to trying to feed him because we're a minority government situation. They don't last very long, and you have two years you're thinking that it won't last well, I, don't know I I, don't think any preferable party's going to be in a rush for a second election, a gram a second on, but on your main question, look in politics. You have vigorous disagreements and then you try to get things done. Mr. Singh has spent the last 18 months trying to defeat Justin Trudeau, but now he'll be presumably working with them in this Parliament and then trying to defeat him in the next election. So you know this is democratic politics, where you make your case, you respect the results, and then you try to serve the public as best you can and my job is to serve the public of Alberta, who clearly agreed with me that mr. Trudeau and his policies were damaging his province. I think yesterday was a massive confirmation of the critique that I have been making about this federal administration for the past three years. It was a huge confirmation of that, so I feel actually I feel validated by what Alberta voters said with their ballots. Yesterday, Graham, it looks to me, like about two-thirds of the provincial NDP vote, migrated to the federal Conservatives. Yesterday they went from 32% in provincial election to 11% yesterday. This is a big coalition that I think agreed with my take on this federal government still in power. Well, that is why I've been very purposefully trying to build a pan. Canadian coalition of like-minded provinces I've been attacked by the NDP for spending a bit of time outside the province, but there's a reason why I've been to virtually every provincial capital. There's there's a reason why I've spent a lot of time trying to we hosted that Stampede premiers me we've done other things to identify a common interest that were expressed at the western premiers conference at the Council of the Federation at this of these court challenges that we're we're supporting one another, so I would say to all burns. We are not isolated to the contrary. On most of these issues that matter to us, we have most of the provincial governments onside and that is meaningful and and and and I'll, go step further Graeme and say that you know I'm a bit of a student of history and I observe very closely in retrospect. I was just a kid at the back in the day how Peter Lougheed dealt with a different, very problematic sure, Doan astray ssin on many similar issues, and one way was precisely to for Alberta to play it's its historic role as a leader amongst the provinces. I think we're doing that again and I'll be on the phone throughout the balance of the day, with a number of by provincial pre premier. Colleagues, on exactly that, you know island of orange in the sea of blue in some ways a microcosm reverse. What do you say to those voters and those people who might kind of feel like? Maybe they are the ones who are ended? Well, as I understand it? Even the NDP newly elected NDP MLA dammit in Strathcona I, ran on a pro pipeline platform, so I think you've got 34 for 34 Alberta MPs, who agree the trans mountain should be built who agree who are opposed to C 69 I wish her luck in her federal caucus because I don't think she's going to find any sympathetic years there, based on the intemperate views of jagged meat sing on these questions. So I'm not sure I think if those people were really the voters in Edmonton Strathcona felt dramatically differently than Albertans on these issues. They would have elected a green MP as opposed to a net new Democrat who says that they support pipelines and with that it's been half an hour. I've got a chair cabinet meeting thanks very much. Okay.