Good evening everybody how's everybody doing here tonight. Well, let me tell you five more days until injures here becomes our brightness. We have a lot of great Cantonese in this drilling Beach all the mug, if you guys are here, put up your hand, we have a legacy from Houston. Take heed our City Creek Dean Allison from Niagara Westridge from brain. You have a lot of support here from being Diane Finley wow, what a great crowd guys and unburnt Lorraine Joe on your conservative candy nice I'm running here in this writing, for it to get path, families that are trying to plan for their kids future they're, trying to plan for their retirement I'm running for the young professionals, they're trying to get the careers off the ground I'm running for those that are worried about like getting very expensive, we're so blessed to have a leader that has lived the middle class that continues to live the middle class and understands the struggles of the middle class and is focused on making sure you keep more of your money in your pockets. Inter shear grew up with at one of the Trudeau's. It does a prime minister now we're raising our kids with another prime minister. That's a true Andrew. He is focused on making sure we get this country back on track. He is somebody that has always fought the odds and made sure that he comes out as a successful person. He is always cared for Canadians. He saw his pair for his family and he really cares what everybody in this room right here without further ado, let me introduce the next frame. Is Johanna I have such great news to serve up with. We are only a few days away from getting rid of the tax hiking deficit running. You know everywhere: I go across Canada, always beating people who come up to me and they put up their hand and they say Andrew I'm. So sorry and I always think that's a very Canadian way to introduce yourself. They say and I'm. So sorry, I voted liberal in 2015, but I'm voting conservative this time, it's okay, because in 2015 they were lied to Justin Trudeau made so many promises that he had no intention of keeping remember. He promised that he would balance the budget. Sorry, though, the budget would balance itself and Stan, we've got endless deficits and all the tax hikes that go along with it and they know they can't trust Justin. True, this election is coming down to the simple question: who do you trust to run a government that lives in Venice means to put more money back in your pocket? Saturday you sell of Chanukah bagua coffee, also Justin's below. We know that we can't have the faith in Justin sure, but he said so many things that he know wasn't sure that he knew wasn't. You remember what he looked billions of Canadians in the eye, and he said that the story and the global mail about the FCC libel and scandal was false. He said that Jodi Wilson Raybould never came to him with her concerns, shut down parliamentary investigations into his wrongdoing and now he's not even letting the RCMP get to the bottom. Well come October, 21st, October, 21st, we're gonna have a Conservative government that will launch an inquiry into this yeah they just true. He loves telling people that they've never had it. So good he's running around telling that everyone that they that they're lucky to have miss prime minister, the things have never been better well he's not hearing from the same people that I'm hearing from I'm hearing from thousands and thousands of hard-working case who are doing everything right, paying their bills on time, going to university, providing for their families and they're feeling like they are working harder and harder, but falling further and further behind. And we know that under Justin Trudeau, over half of Canadians are feeling like they're less than $200 away every month, from not being able to pay their bills and over 80% of middle-class Canadian families are paying higher taxes today than they were just four years ago and seniors are being hit by many of those tax hikes and negative policies. And that's why that's why we have such an exciting plan? That's why we are going to run a government that lives within its means so that we can put more money in your pocket because it's time for you to get ahead, just introduced deficits being more and more of your tax dollar goes just to pay. The interest on that debt and conservatives know that we should be sending your tax dollars to banks and bondholders. We're gonna get back to balanced budget, so we can put more of your money into better services and tax cuts, and it starts with job number one job number one. The very first piece of legislation that our new members of parliament will be voting on will be called an act to repeal the carbon tax. We're going to go one step further. We're gonna go one step further than just canceling the carbon tax. We know the carbon tax has made everything you have more expensive. We know that it's raised the cost of gasoline home heating and groceries, and that's why we're going to go one step further than just cancelling the carbon tax. Ladies and gentlemen, we're gonna recognize that in Canada heating, your home in the winter is not a luxury. It's a necessity. So we're going to scrap the GST off of home, we're running back in your pocket of the universal tax, cut, lowering the first income tax bracket so that every Canadian taxpayer gets a break. Now we're going to bring back popular tax credits like the public transit tax credit and the tax credit for kids, sports and activities. You know Justin Trudeau might not. You know. He says that things have never been better I'm sure in his world. That may be true and remember and remember when he you saw high gas prices and he said that higher gasoline prices were exactly what he wanted. Well, it might be exactly what millionaire liberals want, but it's not what hardworking Canadians want labels go an under Justin Trudeau under Justin Trudeau Canada has become a country of no no to hardworking entrepreneurs who create jobs and opportunities in our society, no to big projects that unite our country together, no to our energy sector that creates thousands of jobs in every single province and no to running an ethical and accountable government. Ladies and gentlemen, I am going to turn Justin Trudeau's Canada of no into a Canada of yes. Yes, the UPP more of your hard-earned money, yes to Canada's energy sector. Yes, two big projects that unite our country with the national energy corridor. No spending can replace the jobs created by small businesses and entrepreneurs. No amount of government spending can match the innovation created by a free market and no amount of government spending can replace the generosities that come from individual Canadians and communities every single day, and that is the biggest difference between liberals and conservatives. Liberals put all their faith in government conservatives, we put our faith in people. You know the dollar is always better spent in the hands of the hard-working Canadian taxpayer. Who've earned it than in the hands of the politician who taxed it, and so their choice is becoming even more clear, clearer by the day. We now know that an NDP liberal coalition will pay I agree. We know that Jeff's insurer will pay any price to cling to power. The problem is he's going to pay that price with your money and the bracele will have to pay the NDP to stay on as Prime Minister will come right out of your pockets and make life even less affordable. The massive deficits, the taxes he will have to hide the big projects in this country that he will have to cancel the jobs and investment that will be driven from this country to placate the NDP will set Canada back. Ladies and gentlemen, it will make life less affordable. It will raise your taxes and it will make you fall further and further behind, and that is why the only thing that can stop a Trudeau NDP coalition is a conservative majority. Canadians know exactly what they're going to get on Monday take. It is exact mo exactly Marcus Duvall I walked epidemics young, where Justin Trudeau will abuse the power of his office to reward his friends and punish his enemies. I will restore ethics and accountability and where he will call small business owners, tax, cheats and insult them. I will always defend them and allow them to do it. Eight your best grow and provide jobs in our society, where, if you will permit the dumping of billions of litres of untreated wastewater into the st. Lawrence, I will ban the practice of dumping raw sewage into our rivers. Lakes, no around on the world stage again pushed and bullying around I will always defend Canada with strength and professionalism where he will look a war hero in the eye and tell our veterans, and they are asking for more than liable under their sacrifice of their dedication to this country by thinking sure they googled divide, Canadians and insult people. Just for having a different point of view, I will always stand up for freedom of speech, freedom of thought and freedom of religion and where he will go after law, abiding firearms owners and ask them and force them to follow. Even more laws. I will make our community safer by going after the real criminals, the gang members and the illegally traffic fire, and he will raise your taxes, run massive deficits, adding billions and billions of dollars to the debt and make life more expensive. I will run a government that lives within his means, so we can lower your taxes, put money back in your pocket so that you can get ahead. That is the choice. Let's go get a majority.