Yet when you, how do you explain your criticism of Michelle John's, dual citizenship when you hold dual citizenship? Who asked a question at the time about about the fact that she held it asking my constituents what they felt about that it was just asking questions of my constituents what they thought of that at the time I was born in Canada. My mom was born in Mississauga. My dad was born. The United States I grew up my whole life from Canada and and that's all I was on that on that blog post it was. It was a question. I asked my constituents. - I met pacification calmly limini on the Canadian penny. Was it as me at the hoedown Sinatra pay a reunion back Larry Basanta, DeLong posad motto you J, because you can also sit on the American I made. The decision after I became leader the party to do this and focus on other things, rebuilding the party getting rid for the election working on the platform. It was always my intention to do it before the election. Well, so English is to the prior question. No one's ever asked me before about it. Like millions of Canadians I have a one of my parents was born in another country, and I met with representatives from the embassy in August announced that I was pronouncing. My citizenship and I've submitted the paper to start that process of Jerusalem on a donkey on de l'affaire. They deploy tape or preparing a party police elección a base to the platform nations customary to draw still a few German intentionally fail. Well, it's I'm waiting to hear back confirmation from from the US Embassy, but that is certainly the intention, as is required by alive I filed and so it's apartment. The u.s. the US government has I was born in Canada I've lived here, I've moved to Saskatchewan and raising my children here, and it was a personal decision. I haven't I'm sorry, what is a speaking, it's I was never asked about from Canadians I've actually been very honest about it. My father's always been very open about where he's come from and that's and I haven't I haven't been asked the question so, as I said, I like millions of Canadians have one parent who happened to be born in another country born in Canada, lived here. My entire life raising my children here in Canada and made a decision to renounce my US citizenship and start the process. Look I've always made it known about how what I feel about about this issue and people who hold dual citizens with with my colleagues. Well, there are lots of seats all across that went to Canada. That I am confident are going to turn conservative. We wanted to hold an event where we could be accessible for as many writings as we possibly could given given geographic locations considerations and where we can get some space. So the message to Atlantic means is we. We are working hard to earn back the trust of voters in this region. We've got a great set of policies that is all focused about leaving money in the pockets of teens lowering taxes balance in the budget. Let's get a resonate in every part of that. Well, our real plan for the environment has many different components that will apply to people in Nova Scotia, including the putting it into the practice of dumping raw sewage into our rivers, lakes and oceans, as well as incentivizing innovation, research and development. Here in Canada, so I'm, confident people, Nova Scotia, are going to see a real plan for the environment, so provincial are the the beauty of our plan is that we allow provincial governments to have the flexibility they need. There are some provinces that will decide to have a cap-and-trade. Some will decide to have other mechanisms. We respect that. Where were things that we're not going to impose a federal carbon tax or doing anything in any way that would increase the cost to consumers, hard-working families for Canadian. Look as I said, I've started the process to I met with officials in August. To said, I was renounce to my US citizenship and submitted the forms and waiting for finalization he's very much.