Thank you. Thank you, I know. So many of you are bullying late nights and early mornings now goes and sharing our liberal plan to move forward. The bed hold this weekend is only getting busier, but I know, and you need to know that every call you make every door. You know every conversation you have bringing that one step closer to our goal on October 21st Lee, all you're, going to do over the next ten days. Thank you. I wanted to talk to you, the future country in the world. There are two very different visions. One will take us backwards and one will take us forward every year once again, a $50,000 tax I will taxes for middle-class pays the first and only national climate plan Canada ever had and then I want to keep investing in your future by accident. That's for sure, my friends, everything we've achieved over the past year is Rishabh NGO community Jerusalem will be your body. Community has been more help for our hard-working middle-class families. It needs more help for new moms, like Jim, who uses repetitive childhood, to debate the diverse many books and analysis at a single mom of two who was called with the CCP unlighted statement. Real change spent investing in highway service, helping commuters like lid in adapter, for work. The students on college get into class long time, and it's real change and India change to defend lowering taxes for the middle class. Investing in skills training and the building new rental department is super host right across the field and a lot. The truth is we're just getting started. We have more work to do, but expressly when I say we will and the last four years and against the big nicotine and sneak they voted against the Canada's childhood against the middle class against so many people. Thankfully, Canadians aren't mine because we see this conservative movie before in opposition. It is sooner to stand in the way of good policies and how people, then they campaign on fear and empty promises, and as soon as it hit into power, they cut taxes for the world views and services for everybody else. Just like. Thank you and your family for life yesterday. Finally, we learned what sin and who shares platform. No wonder he's been hiding it for so long. No wonder! He's gonna bury it late on the Friday, a long lead. You can sum up this pure platform in three words, look for cuts and said bull bug here, so he came up with more cuts, fifty three billion dollars for the bus and the shoes that will be four times larger than downpours us out there this year, more than double the child and about what we spent last year alone on benefits for seniors old 25. What we spent student a make up a big big number and what he would easy for. Conservative politicians, but I got a cord and this year the only services that matter no sister, the wealthy for everybody else. If - infrastructure well I think we want to be late enough. This from these conservative, and so the Detroit could be clear. Do you want to invest this into the class? Or do you want to cut for I fear that none? Of course, do you want to make education more affordable? Do you monetize see, literally, you can send a clear message to the Conservative Party on October 21st, my friends, Edgar shear FLOTUS you to gamble with your family's future and double down on a conservative politicians, but if Canadians know that they deserve better his time to the saw concern. Dnvp, remember this: the NDP good stop Stephen Herbert the NDP could solve for, and the NDP can't stop Andrew here. The only way to solve concern Oh as Canadian tangibles, here's obedient riveted. If you want progressive action, you need an oppressive government. Not a progressive opposition and branches and I mean really build a better future voting. Conservatives won't get us there in 2015, we close the book on the Harper decade. We can't afford to go back. The very first thing we did. We formed government, which is kind of taxes for the middle class by raising them on the wealthiest 1%, and if we win this election, our very first acted in Parliament will be to cut taxes for the middle class and again with nothing for the 1% cheers for both passengers under new Conservative government. A person making four hundred K in here will have been more into the person making for dating. That's, not an answer. Shearer would create a tax shelter for millionaires that would let them save as much in taxes and the average Canadian herbs in a year. That's not life, my cell phone standing up and saying that when it comes to gun violence in this country- and now is the time for political courage, our kids very lives depend on so, unlike amateurs, conservatives liberals will bring in the toughest gun control we we will fight climate change and we will get guns on our streets. I know we can do that. I believe in this team. I believe in all of you and, most importantly, I believe we started this thirty years ago because we believe that better is always possible and from the very beginning, this movement was never about us. It's always been. People finally have clean drinking water now, before new winter boots for their kids one's gonna bake. This election is about me. This election is about me, be clear. So, let's see what he is. Always you, let's hope together, let's go doors. You.