Up there Castilla you ready, Peace Park. We ready ready, yep, okay, thanks so much folks, cuz, yeah, okay, okay, merci beaucoup thanks so much. We are here in Danforth with our candidate. Mr. Cooley. We're really excited to win back this riding. This was the riding held by Jacqueline. This is an important writing to us, and the people of this writing have felt let down because again, liberals talk a good game during the election, but they don't deliver on what people need. People need I just heard from someone who said that their cell phone bill is so high, and we know that liberals haven't moved to lower the cost of cell phones and they're not going to because they met with the lip. The telecom lobbyists over 550 times and they're gonna make sure that the prices remain high, they're, not ready to bring down the prices. The way we are gonna impose a price cap make sure that there is unlimited data plans that are truly unlimited. We've heard from families are worried about childcare, they're worried about the cost of medication. All these things when it comes to pharmacare 22 years of liberal, broken promises when it comes to child care, 26 years of broken promises, they don't deliver on pharmacare. They don't deliver on child care, we're gonna, make sure we deliver for people and then conservatives. We know they cut services and so Canadians need to know this. The people of Danforth needs to know this. The people of Toronto need to know this. You are not stuck with two choices. You know. One owns your vote. You are free to choose what you want vote out of, don't vote out of fear, vote for hope, vote for New Democrats, we're gonna fight for you, we're on your side. Don't set elección who's ever in schewe una de barra zero until a conservator who Leal available will publish was here I'm governor mo even deputy, keep have I provoked, Eva Sobotka, poovu, say newly. Do Democrat on, say: K, lay liberal in flash I ago spawned on a like, like campaign electoral me to not what pond on is Coney. So no governor mom, who knew on on travaille, provoked popular foolish me poovu own epic Idol affair, except so much and I'm ready to take your questions. Yes, hi to win it but she's concerned about what you said about the coalition and says that now she's worried that people will go and vote strategically because they don't want to see a coalition. But how do you convince people that, if that were to happen, it's not a bad thing? Well, what I see is that in Canada our history is one where so many of the things that we're proud of happen. When you voted when people voted for more New Democrats, our health care system was only possible because Tommy Douglas fought for it. The New, Democrats and progressives fought for it, but when we had changes to make sure that seniors could retire with dignity, pension and CPP and old age security, these were things that were brought in because New Democrats were there so I'm saying to you. I want to be your prime minister, but whatever Canadians vote for come, the 21st of October I want Canadians to win and so I'm saying to win. If you vote for New Democrats, we will fight in whatever form the government takes whatever power. The people give us to make sure we deliver on the things that people need: healthcare, investments, Pharma care, dental care, making life more affordable, tackling cell phone companies and making housing more affordable and making sure we fight the climate crisis like we want to win it and making the richest pay their fair share. We can do that and we just need your help. No, not at all I'm, proud of the fact that I'm ready to fight conservatives, no matter what and, however, I can I think Canadians want that the majority of Canadians don't vote. Conservative majority Canadians want to progress. The government I'm saying if you want a one that delivers on real action, one that delivers on the investments that you need: the services that you need, the health care, the medication coverage, the dental care, the housing and real action on climate crisis, meaning ending fossil fuel subsidies. New Democrats will deliver that for you and will deliver it, no matter what and that's what I wanna say to Canadians we're not in it to win for ourselves, we're in it for Canadians to win, and whatever you give us, we will fight hard to make sure you get what you deserve, so don't settle for less your Democrats have your back to enforce it. This is last part: okay, okay and nobody to pass care. Only fear dela fakie all over sir, but can't rally liberally Lily before me: contra la Concha attack on verse about to poop on fat, a on fer de la Vega on a deja DK on a puppet Rivera, a conservative ask a even cupola service Mayo, see Lucy Kelly liberal in openly by lemak shandi's. His own homee beaucoup means oompah fat is on. Please Allah! Promise. Dong-Soo Kody si vous voulez avada services mom, who license medicament universal welfare faster like this climatic salut, they neo Democrat. He keep on affair. I hope he's encouraging people to vote for me because that's that's the real progressive alternative for people. We know that mr. Trudeau is not willing to tax the rich as Canadians. We put it to him, and people have asked him. Would he be willing to put in place our super or well tax on the super wealthy? He hasn't said yes and no other party is willing to say we're gonna make sure that the richest Canadians, those who have fortunes of over 20 million dollars that they pay their fair share everyone else, Canadians, hard-working families, middle-class families they're paying their fair share. They don't need to pay any more of the burden. We're not gonna raise taxes on middle-class and working-class families, but we're asking the richest to pay their fair share. Mr. Trudeau's not willing to do that. So he's asking folks to vote progressive. That's voting for New Democrats, we're ready to take those votes yeah. My man will get to you. Yes, yes, we're gonna, make sure ever gets a question. We stick around til everyone's done, but clearly this is, it seems to be a distinction that Trudeau is trying to make and obviously in 2015 there were many progressive voters that went and chose the Liberal Party. So what what defines your type of progressive politics sure with the Liberals they like to talk progressive, but they govern conservative with your Democrats. We are always progressive all the way through we don't switch one way or the other. The difference is we're willing to ask the richest to pay their fair share. Mr. Trudeau, isn't we want to put in a super wealth tax so that those are fortunes of over 20 million pay, their fair share, something that could raise as much as seventy billion dollars in revenue? So we invest in services. Mr. Trudeau likes to talk about pharmacare, we want to deliver pharmacare. We want to deliver a universal public farm care for all the difference is we don't just say: we're gonna end fossil fuel subsidies. We were committing to ending them immediately. Mr. Shido talked about them and then broke that commitment and with the Greens they said they were willing to the differences they say. They're willing to or open to working with the Conservatives I've said: I've ruled that out entirely I will not work with the Conservatives because they cut services and they're. Their platform shows it very clearly. They are going to cut health care. They are going to cut transit, so there's no way. I would support a party that wants to cut all the things that we need. We're standing right here at a transit. Stop. We need to invest in more transit, not less. Yes, you don't on fat difference. Aka liberals on the progress is key. Dundee bell, / Hall you some day. Progress is key. Dundies action, concat difference. He only played this as your hilly pew. He peels just about FX away contextually. You tarnish Calcasieu scale, a libero, nearly so Tea Party on prayed affair on a pedal affair. Over partial map, a leader like his climatic over annually too sweet I serve on sabbatical year, member mattgenever nation's medical universal in swanned entire national newse. Just a few weeks ago, there were concerns that you were gonna lose party status, but in our recent poll there's been a surge. What has changed? We've had a campaign where people have seen themselves reflected in the campaign. Young people see a party that is fighting for them, that's gonna fight for them. That's gonna stand up for them. Working-Class people see a party and see a leader and see us as someone who's. Gonna say you know what we know that you're hurting right now. We know that you're working hard and you're not getting ahead and you feel like the economy is rigged. We see you and we hear you and we're gonna make sure things are better. We're gonna make the richest pay their fair share when they make sure we deliver the services, the health care that you need, I just missed the beginning. Part of your question. I, would just push back and say that our strategy has been about fighting for people and really what this campaign has been about is that anytime I get a chance to talk about the stories that I hear from Canadians people who feel like? No one's listening young people who feel like no one cares about them. We've been making sure that they get the attention and the and the help they deserve, and so we're speaking to those folks that say we're giving up we're, losing hope or don't think that anyone cares about us. We don't think we're ever gonna get medication coverage or the investments in healthcare we're saying to them. You will get it we're gonna fight for you, we're on your side and I. Think that's really what what people want in a government. They want someone who's, gonna fight for them and stand up for them and that's what we're gonna deliver as New Democrats 2015, of course, that election was very divisive. All so I'm just wondering what your thoughts are on that. How well I could say generally that I believe and people be able to put out their opinions and have differences of opinions. I think that's important! I think that should be done in a way, that's respectful and in a way that no one feels fear and I'm worried about the recent threats to mr. Trudeau I. Think that's wrong! That no leader should feel any sort of threat to their security just because of what they stand for I. Think mr. Trudeau is wrong and what he stands for, but I certainly don't believe he should face any threats because of that I believe that we should be able to have a healthy discourse, a healthy discussion about politics, which means fighting for people standing up for people and making sure they get the help they deserve in this election. I want folks to know they're not they're, not stuck with choosing between the Conservatives and the Liberals. They've got a free choice in this election, and we can do that respectfully. We can do that with hope. We can do that with courage to believe in a brighter future. Well folks, in this writing, I want to say this is Jacqueline's writing. This is a rotting New, Democrats elected amazing MPs, with mentally you'll have someone who's a strong fighter with a proven track record, passionate about climate change and fighting the climate crisis, passionate about social justice and housing. You're gonna have something that's on your side. That's not gonna cave in to the powerful and wealthy lobbyists that are pressured liberals and the Liberal government to change their positions. You're not gonna, have a conservative, certainly not in this riding. That's gonna cut services with the new Democrat you're gonna have something that's on your side and I want people to dream. Big, don't settle for Less if you're looking in this election for someone who's, gonna fight for you and deliver the things that you need in your life fighting cellphone companies to make sure your fees are affordable and Internet services that are affordable, fighting to make sure we're tackling the climate crisis it sauce to democrats are gonna. Deliver that I think they're gonna make their way over to you. Sorry, is that okay, ctv important guy CP is important too. Sorry. Of course, you spent a lot of time here. A lot of the other leaders have as well. You haven't been to some provinces, Newfoundland Prince, Edward, Island up north. What message do you think that sends to people to voters in those areas that are not living in vote, rich areas or swing? Ridings? I'm, sorry that I couldn't make it out to all the places that I wanted to make it out to Canada is a very big country and there's lots of places that I wanted to be able to make it out to that I haven't been there been able to to get you, but I want folks to know no matter where you live. I know that people in this country want better health care. I know they want universal pharmacare and they want better access to dental care. They know. I know that people are struggling with the cost of cell phone and Internet services, because they're the highest cost in the world. I know that people are seeing government's in Ottawa that have worked really hard to make life easier for the richest, but haven't really made their lives better and, in fact, have made their lives worse. I want those folks who know with New Democrats we're in it, for you we're fighting for you, because we're gonna take on those powerful lobbyists. We're gonna make sure we. We really take action on the climate crisis by ending fossil fuel subsidies and investing in clean and renewable energy. We're gonna make sure we invest in health care that makes your life better. We're gonna, invest in a farmer care program. That's gonna make sure that everyone in our country has access to farm care. No matter where you live, Canadians can count on us, no matter where they live, and they can count on us to fight for them, not for the rich and powerful power and influence in Ottawa. Well, the reality is the Senate doesn't really represent people there, their political appointed positions that represent the parties. They represent the Liberal Party, they represent the Conservative Party. They don't represent the people and their interests they're more interested in being a mouthpiece for the political parties that I pointed them I believe people should have real representation, someone who's, gonna fight for them. I also believe to give people. True representation means making sure that everyone's vote counts. That's why I believe in proportional representation, I believe in giving power to people I know that our country would be better run if people had more of a say, not less of a say, I believe our country would have better results if their votes counted more. That's why I want to make happen. Pulip, cosy. Okay, Beck is a demon Paquita kid full at an ally dilemma: don't litter come on sale on Bahama, donk, Celine packs too long? The general will see at Inferno no Sibley's mission de casa da same MO do GMO sale, acceptability. Social is include a community of nocturnal a community local quasi mo sista head. Is this opportunity? Lila travel local public community, no dhansika CCO Jana's satisfy per city Wakita in the Fupa Aled 11a Simone JD, the collocated park opposite Wakita aid, Seba de Kock, acocella maka, the legless Akita yeah, yep yeah? Yes, so I've got three criterias when it comes to projects and, first and foremost, it's in making sure that the project is in line with environmental concerns that includes protecting the land and the water in the air and it's in satisfying environmental assessments, but also our plan to reduce emissions. So it's got to satisfy that criteria. Secondly, it's got to have the the social acceptability is that we say in French, but make sure that it's something that it's in line with the values of respecting the indigenous communities that might be impacted in local communities. And finally, it's got to be a project, creates jobs in communities, a job creation strategy. If those criteria aren't satisfied, we should not go ahead and in this case I've said that it does not satisfy these criteria and that's why I don't support the project dog wash upon school Avenue do not repeat and full athletic complex male utilization, the energy force in a Lavin year, the not happy Lavinia do planet, Saturn, Avenue or on a utila spa energy force in father, - lava near Saturn Avenue on utilized energy, Sandoval habla, a uncle able botanic is on the planet. Pluto - here who feel faster. Like Chris climatic Jeffrey, said plan on Fat Joe, see Jeffrey, laugh a kill on convene botanic. It will Satsuki tulip Koji. So don't the plunder credulity mission, the gossip editor danke economy, Botanica fail at car, buy a vacuum plan. A supercar deal is a mission. Declassified s, air and Planet P, so - he'll be Zambezia is a pill. A planned Google Amman on Columbia Botanic, so I believe that the future of our country is a future we're no longer using any fossil fuel for energy. That is a future for our country. In fact, that's the future for the world and we need to get to that future. The first step that we can get to that future at the federal level is ending all fossil fuel subsidies and that's what we will do as a government when it comes to projects I made it clear that the project in Quebec doesn't satisfy the three criteria that I've laid out: environmental, social acceptability and making sure there's local job creation in BC I've said very clearly that the BC government has the most ambitious climate action plan in North, America and I support the climate action plan, which is ambitious and my plan is to at the federal level, make sure we stop all federal funding and and subsidies that go towards a fall service sector and instead invest that into renewable energy. Talk about the debasement, okay, so I would say, I think we're pretty far from an american-style election, still I think we're not there and I. Think we're proud of I think we should all be proud of that Canada is, is different and we're proud of that. But we still have a lot of problems. We still have systemic discrimination or certainly have systemic racism. It applies to black indigenous and people of color. It applies to many people because of their sexuality, because their gender and we've got to tackle those things. We've got to be honest about those barriers that still exist and the fact that we want to tackle them when it comes to the divisiveness in politics, I believe it's important to make the contrast to be known. It's important for people to be able to put forward their ideas and have differing opinions. I want that to be able to be done in a way, that's respectful and that's safe, and that no one should feel any risk to the security. Recently, we saw that there was a threat and it caused an increased security presence for mr. Trudeau and while I disagree with mr. Trudeau's policies, I absolutely think it's wrong that he should be faced with any threat to his security, and we should have climate in Canada where we can have respectful discussion and disagreements and I'm going to do my best to make sure that that's the type of tone that we strike. Where we can disagree, we can be passionate, but we're respectful and everyone should be able to express their opinions and safety. I think that there is a certain style of politics that is built on division and that's wrong. Politics that divide people simply for the purpose of division and simply to Pit one community into another. To gain votes is wrong and we're seeing parties do that. We've seen conservatives use that tactic using terms of illegal to describe people that are just seeking safety and fleeing persecution. It's wrong to refer them in a flama Tory way. We've heard remarks about mass migration, which is also inflammatory and wrong. It dehumanizes people and I want to make sure we always remember these are fell human beings that are struggling. We can have an immigration system that balances security and compassion, but we have to do it in a way that doesn't inflame hatred or point the finger and blame Canadians that are coming to our country, for a new home and for a new future and in some way blame them for the problems of housing and healthcare and jobs. When the reason that we're in this situation, where we've got precarity is not because of a 12 year old refugee or a man or a woman, that's working hard, 12 hours a day in a labor job. It's because governments in Ottawa have chosen to benefit the rich and powerful over families. They've, given massive loopholes to the rich. They don't pay their fair share and that's meant that we're starved when it comes to funding our services. They've, given massive exemptions to the richest and they've made families suffer with lack of services. That's why we're in this position, and we can change that, though we can change that with better choices. Thanks so much appreciate it, thank you everybody now C beaucoup. Thank you.