The Conservative Party is facing criticism for ads. The Liberals call false they've been running them online on Facebook ads in Chinese, accusing the Liberals of planning to legalize hard drugs that something the Liberal Party says is complete. Disinformation Facebook has taken the ads down after determining them to be in violation of their advertising policy. The conservative campaign is under fire after the federal Conservative Party ran Chinese language ads on Facebook, falsely claiming liberal party plans to legalize hard drugs have reelected. One of the ads was taken down by Facebook for violating their advertising policy. The Liberal Party calls the ads disinformation and Liberal leader, Justin Trudeau, said. The party has absolutely no plans to legalize hard drugs. The ad appears in Chinese part of a strategy to target the ethnic community with a message the Conservatives believe will resonate today on the campaign trail Global News asked sheer why his party made the allegations and why they continue to push the narrative in Chinese, but not in English sure didn't as to the language question, but did double down on the rhetoric. This is something that is very important for Cannes to know about, and, and so we are at, we were telling them that these are the types of things that liberals speculate about before the election and then implement after the election. Shearer has made progress in the polls in recent days that he's hoping to capitalize on last night in Langley he saw the biggest turnout to date for his campaign, with about 1,500 people showing up, but there's been frustration from conservatives inside the party. The leader has not managed to capitalize on major political stumbles by the Liberals, like the SNC lavell, a scandal or Justin Trudeau's blackface images party insiders have been talking about who could replace here if he loses before the election is even over I sat down with mr. Scheer for the West block to ask him about those internal rumors and how he feels about campaigning, while the rumbling from conservatives about his replacement is already underway. Have you talked to Peter Mike that I speak to Peter? Mackay often I see him at many different events. My my current schedule has me, and here in British Columbia today and debating the other day in Ottawa but I know Peter is a committed member of our team Shearer heads back to Ottawa tonight to take a down day before he heads back out on the campaign trail to go across the country, hoping to convince voters that he should be the next prime minister of Canada, but so far, there's still no frontrunner in this campaign.