I love you too, holy moly I ripped my my wrap. So let me start my heart is beating fast I want to acknowledge and I just saw a chief Wayne, Sparrow and grin she said John here, I want to acknowledge the traditional territory of the Coast Salish peoples, the Musqueam, swamis and say with you and I, want to thank each and every one of you for being here for, however long and for all of you who ran here from scrutineering and from the pool thank you and to everybody that waited. Thank you. So much so I have had the opportunity to stand in front of crowds before having been elected as BC treaty Commissioner, having been elected as the BC regional chief and having been honored to have been elected previously, as the Member of Parliament for Vancouver, Granville and I am so happy to be standing here as the newly elected independent member. This is an incredibly humbling moment and experience and, like all other experiences that I've had but tonight is different tonight, we accomplished together something extraordinary. We accomplished showing Ottawa, showing our political process that independent strong voices matter and that we can so I had a speech that I'm, not gonna, read and I want to make a number of comments and I haven't seen. What's really been going on television right now, but I want to say something about the extraordinary former member of parliament for Markham, Stovall, Jane, Philpott and don't get me wrong. I want to congratulate every single person that put their name forward for election every single person that has been elected as a member of parliament right across this country. I congratulate each and every one of you. Jane Philpott is an extraordinary person. She was an extraordinary Member of Parliament for the people of Markham Stovall and she was literally the best minister of the crown that this country has ever seen. I know that Parliament will be lesser without her presence, but I know that dr. Jane Philpott will go on to continue to do extraordinary things, so I'm sending love from Vancouver ground, bull from me from our family. All the way across the country to mark and Stovall I also want to thank and acknowledge the other candidates that ran in this writing, and it was a bit of a nail-biter. Yes, I want to say -, Zac, -, Talib, -, Yvonne, -, Louise and - Naomi. Thank you for putting your names forward. We had spent some time together at all candidates, forums and again, congratulations for doing so and I would say a special shout out to Yvonne Hanson I, don't know she's watching. She is this incredibly young bright woman. That I know is going to go places and is going to run somewhere at some time and I suspect that we're all going to get out and support her so to Vancouver ground ball. Four more years or, however long a minority government lasts, I congratulate the Liberal Party for their minority governments. I do think that the best laws and the best policies come from a minority government situation and I am going to be proud. I am going to be proud and pleased to work with all the members of Parliament's to get through legislation to ensure that we are taking bold and ambitious action on climate change to ensure to ensure we truly look at democratic reform, including electoral reform. So we can ensure we have big issues here in Vancouver, Granville they've existed since before the last election, and before that we have to dress affordability, we need to look at the health care system at pharmacare and we truly need to look at creating the space for true reconciliation with indigenous people. So I'm just gonna comment a little bit about our campaign. Maybe comment a little bit about the national campaign. Our campaign was filled with so many people that came from far and wide to volunteer people from across the so-called political spectrum that actually believed that we could make a difference that we could put forward honesty and integrity and look at politics and work outside party lines to address the significant issues that are facing our time. So I think every single person in this room and the tens of thousands of people across Canada that believe in those same things that hold the same values and know that we actually can do more. If we work together the national campaign, we saw very divisive politics, we saw extreme hyper-partisanship, we saw people talking about other people and saying I'm, not as bad as that person. That is not the type of politics that we need to address these issues. We need to collaborate, we need to come together. We need to again work across party lines to address these big issues and I know that we can do it. Thank you for Grandville has shown that we can do politics differently, that integrity matters, and if we have integrity and honesty and do the right thing in politics, you can succeed. We can succeed, so everybody in Magdeburg ramble to the constituents of Vancouver Granville I feel bottom of my heart. Thank you. So much for renewing your trust and support in me I will continue to work incredibly hard, as I do every day to represent you in Ottawa a couple. A couple of thank-yous or acknowledgments I wanted to acknowledge these people before I forget to do it again. My my mother sandy who's sitting right here sandy right here, my sister Cory and cadence and PI on K later somewhere here and I, want to thank my dad, does bother the club which losing Campbell right now. Thank you for always supporting me and to Tim Tim for almost 11 years. He has has been with me and we have done this together and I'm so glad that he's here tonight. So thank you for acknowledging them, but I want to acknowledge every single person in this room to all of the volunteers again who went to the polls as scrutineers who knocked on doors with me who made telephone calls people who donated money, everybody that has contributed to this campaign in such a significant way. This is what we did, and this is what we did together and I could not anything without all of you, so I'm going to stop talking now and come and celebrate with all of you. I am so incredibly overwhelmed by tonight and I am thank you, everybody. You are truly my family and I love you. Thank you very much.