Camera is going to be there. Okay I'll stay on the spot once right now, good morning. Everyone, it's a great deal well, a little bit wet, perhaps there's a few folks that you're unfamiliar with, but let me introduce one to start, but first of all, let me recognize that we're on the traditional territory of the honest nabhi and the hood nashoni peoples. We thank you very much. We understand hearing well. We've got a great legacy of great great activists and great representation at especially the provincial level. We know we go back to Mel swart, Peter, Carr, Mose and Cindy Forester who's here with us today and, of course, our own MPP at the moment, - Jeff birch. We know what it's like to fight for people. We know what it's like to be in that fight with them. Standing shoulder to shoulder and I couldn't be happier today to present to you, my friend, who stood with us, shoulder to shoulder fighting for us fighting for workers fighting for people across this great province of Ontario, the leader of the Official Opposition, our great friend, Andrea Horvath, thanks very much Malcolm. How about we? Well, thank you that warmed up my cold little fingers for being out in the rain. I gotta tell you I gotta tell you I, feel the love and the warmth in this room and I do want to say thank you to Malcolm Allen our candidate right here in this writing during this federal election, and you know they gave me another job to do it so I'm going to do that job because it's an important one. We have a number of people here that need to be recognized before the most important person in the room is able to say a few words that I'm going to start. Of course, we recognize Oh Malcolm, already Jeff virtues the MPP. For this writing we have a couple of other, yes for sure Jeff. We have a couple of other NPP's as well, as you probably have noticed, weighing gates the MPP for Niagara Falls, Jenny, Stevens MPP for say we have a number of candidates here, but I also want to recognize Cindy Forester, the former MPP, for this writing is here with us. Today we have Namir Raman from Niagara West Bryan Barker from Niagara Falls tennis fan Muir, st. Catharines, Allyson Gillis flamberge glam-rock, and we also have some city councilors with us from st. Catherine's, Carrie Porter and Greg Miller. So thank you all for being here at the fantastic blue star. Thank you, John for being a great host once again to the NDP family. Look we're here at the the last couple of days of the campaign. Right I mean it is the homestretch and our momentum continues to grow. Why? Because Canadians know that they have a real choice in this election, a choice for someone who is going to always always stand up for them. We've had too many decades too many years of liberals and conservatives whose priority is the rich and wealthy Canadians. What we need is somebody who's going to be standing up for everyday people day in and day out, as Malcolm said, fighting for working people fighting for everyday folks and I'm, proud to be here today in the homestretch and a great community, a great NDP supporting community of Welland to introduce my federal leader, our federal leader, someone who is going to change the way politics is done in Canada, because it's going to be about everyday folks. Let me introduce to you and help you welcome mr. Chuck meet Singh Hey how's it going well in I, didn't realize you could pack this many people in a diner. That is pretty impressive, I guess gotta say before I go any further! Thank you so much for taking the time to be here. It means a lot I know. You've got busy lives and lots of things to do. The fact that so many of you are here today gives me lots of inspiration and courage, because we're here we're here and fighting for all of you. So, thank you and if I kid, if you give me just a quick moment, I've got to say this campaign has been really amazing. We've really enjoyed fighting for people a lot of the reason why I'm, even in this position is because of a woman standing right beside me. She was my friend she's, not only my friend my mentor. She was my previous boss, it's true and, most importantly, in a couple years, she's gonna be your next Premier of Ontario Brens we've got. We've got an incredible team of New Democrats with us here. These are folks that are out here. Fighting for you and I want to talk a bit about. What's going on in this election. I know you, you feel it when you talk to your friends and your family, but when I probably cross this country I meet with so many people that tell me that things are tough they're, finding it harder and harder to get the the care that they need when their loved ones falls. Sick, they're, finding it harder and harder to pay for medication. The cost of medication in Canada we're paying some of the highest prices in the world, and we know that families make difficult choices where they don't take the medication they need, because they can't afford it and they choose between paying the rent or buying groceries or barring the medication they need and I've met. I've met I've met far too many families that are paying they're in a way playing roulette with their life because they can't afford medication. I met a man who is working, hard construction worker. He works on contract, he doesn't have benefits and he needs a heart care medication, but so does his wife, and so does this get his kidneys medication as well. So, instead of buying his own medication, he pays for his kids because he doesn't know what to do and and that shouldn't be a choice of people. Making shouldn't be a choice that people make and then what-what are liberals. Gonna, say two families are making this tough choice. Oh we'll do another study, maybe we'll sit down and negotiate with the pharmaceutical companies. Maybe we'll meet with the insurance companies, but they're not gonna. Deliver they're not gonna, deliver it's been. It's been 22 years since the Liberals have been talking about Pharma care. Have they delivered for you? You know, I mean so many families that tell me that they either are not gonna have kids because they can't afford childcare or they are struggling because childcare costs. So much and liberals have promised a national childcare program for 26 years they just haven't delivered. You know. Families can't afford to wait young people who are worried about the future of this planet and want to see real action on climate change and the climate crisis. Hey. They can't wait, those those young kids, they can't wait, they're worried about the future. Their eyes are filled with fear when they should be filled with hope, and they can't be told that what mr. Trudeau is saying. Oh, you know what maybe we'll see what we do down the road he bought. A pipeline he's not committed, he's, not committed to real change, and so I think you know that's what people are going through. People are struggling. We know that mr. Trudeau he's chosen and again again and again when he gets a chance to make a decision, whether it's between helping out people who need medication or protecting the pharmaceutical industry against him. He chooses he does it time and time again he chooses big business. He works very hard for the powerful and wealthy and it hurts everyone else, he's choosing to hurt everyone else when he does. That and I can give you an example of with medication he promised in 2015 during an election just like this. He promised to lower the cost of medication and would have safe families thousands of dollars. It was a no-cost solution. It just meant updating the list of countries, we compare when we set our prices and he didn't do it four years later. He didn't do it, we're all wondering well, this would have cost us nothing. Why didn't he do it? Well, guess what he did. He met with the pharmaceutical lobbyists him in his government met with the insurance lobbyists over eight hundred and seventy five times, and so he chose he chose very clearly not by chance. He chose to protect the profits of the powerful over helping families that needed it. When people tell me that they're having a hard time finding housing housing is really tough right. Now people can't find a home to own. They can barely find a place to rent right and now, given this crisis, mr. Trudeau again had a choice. He could find 14 billion dollars for the richest corporations in the last fall economic statement, so they could buy corporate jets and limousines, but one family said hey. We need help. We need help with housing. He's spending 19 percent less per GDP than the Harper government on housing. Take that in he's spending less than conservatives he's saying be afraid of conservatives be afraid of their cuts and he's spending less as a percentage of GDP on housing than the Conservatives. Here's a thing mr. Trudeau says a lot of nice things in public, but when he's behind closed doors meeting with the powerful and wealthy executives and lobbyists, he chooses them over people, that's the reality and now I don't know. If I need to make this argument in this room, but the Conservatives they're not also gonna, make things better and and I got I got Andrew right here beside me. Who can talk about how viciously conservatives cut all the services and health care that families need and I know you've been feeling those cuts? You know the fact is. Conservatives will promise you a couple dollars in your pockets. Maybe they will and they might do, that they might get you a couple dollars in your pockets, but what they're gonna do is they're gonna certainly cut a little bit of taxes, but what are they also cut? They cut education, they cut services, they cut health care, they cut nurses, they cut all the things that you need, all the things that your family need, and you know what it does. It ends up costing you a lot more. It costs families a lot more, so they're, not the solution and now there's a thing. Mr. Trudeau mr. schirra are gonna. Tell you that you only have two choices in this election. You can only choose between the Liberals, who have let you down and the Conservatives are gonna cut services. That is not the choice you have in this election. You have a choice. You don't have to choose between liberals and conservatives. There is another choice in this election. You can choose someone, that's in it, for you, that's gonna fight for you. You know people often ask me well, what's the difference you promised to bring in these big changes? Why do we? Why should we believe you and I say? Let me tell you why I'm any Democrat I don't work for the rich and powerful I work for all of you, and so in this election you can choose someone, that's gonna fight for you. That was the cutest thing ever. That's so cute, ah I'm gonna give I want to give you the microphone. If you get a chance come on up, you can bring bring that young one on up here, we'll get it we'll get them on the microphone. That's a future leader right there. In this election, you can choose someone's gonna fight for you, it's gonna fight! For that little kid. That's gonna fight for your future and you know and well- and you know this really well- you've elected fighters before you've elected Peter, core most popular you've, elected Cindy forest or a fighter and I hope. You're gonna really like this man here, Malcolm Allen areas, you woulda, said: okay, we're gonna, do one time: I'm gonna break this railway NDP, it's always a gamble with kids, it's okay! It's good! You're awesome! Thank you! He did it when it counted with no other no attention on him. He did it when it counted you're the best there's the best and so friends. So in this election I want to make one one thing really clear to everyone out there. You have a choice in this election. Mr. Trudeau has chosen the powerful in the wealthy he's not willing to do what it takes. New Democrats are gonna fight for you, we're gonna fight for universal pharmacare for everyone, you're gonna, get that we're gonna, make sure we're gonna make sure. If you need medication in our country, you use your health card, not your credit card. We're gonna bring in we're gonna bring in a national dental care program. That's gonna mean that 4.3 million Canadians, who don't have coverage, are going to get coverage right away. We're gonna take on we're gonna, take on those cell phone and internet companies that are exploiting you, we're gonna, put in a price cap to make sure they cannot charge you more than the average OAC country. We're gonna, make real we're gonna, make real investments in housing and make sure people can find a place to call home, and now now people gonna ask us: how are you gonna pay for all of this right? That comes up all the time. Well, you know what we're not afraid to say this. We're gonna make the very richest Canadians those at the very, very top pay. Their fair share. We're gonna do something. We're gonna do something that Liberals have never talked about because they're afraid to do it. Conservatives certainly won't do it we're gonna tax, the super wealthy. Those who have fortunes of over 20 million dollars, we're gonna, ask them to pay a little bit more. Our plan can raise as much as 70 billion dollars. That's massive revenue increases to invest in the services and the health care that families need we're. Gonna, close offshore tax havens, we're gonna, close loopholes. We're gonna make sure that instead of working families and low and middle income people middle-class families, they don't have to carry the burden. It should be the very richest that are paying their fair share to pay for the services that we need and so I asked you I asked you in this election, do not vote out of fear vote for something vote for fighters. People who are on your side, New Democrats beat conservatives New Democrats in this riding will beat conservatives it'll be a new Democrat and when I leave, you I want to leave you with this final thought. You know we talked about choices, we're in this position today, because the choices that mr. Trudeau made he chose the pharmaceutical industry over families that needed medication. He chose the wealthy corporations over families that needed housing. He chose the rich and powerful I. Don't work for the rich and powerful I. Don't choose them. I choose all of you. Thank you. Thank you, my friends. Thank you very much. I gotta give one more time if you can all join me and give in John from Blue Star diner a lot of love, a big round of applause for letting us be here and John. John, ja, ja, ja, ja, ja, so John BC. We took a picture outside. This is pretty incredible. We took the picture and it's already in afraid, I hope we did that for you, okay, that is awesome, and so a beautiful picture. I know this. Is our nice man, you let us you! Let us use your space I'm sure we can figure that out. That's beautiful Johnny from blue saw everybody. You know, I think this might be one of the first pictures. I'll have up on a diner wall, so I'm, pretty honored, that's pretty cool I'ma have to come back here Johnny and have some food. Maybe I'll. Do a tween, I'm gonna, take all the whole bunch of outside, with all you guys, but I'm gonna do what the thing is. The media is traveling with us. We're gonna move to questions from the media, they're gonna do a scrum and then I'll come chat with all you guys. You keep saying that the Liberals are choosing pharmaceutical companies over people. But how can you square the fact that those same companies are literally taking the government to court because they're trying to lower drug prices? Well I mean we wasn't clear evidence. There was a clear promise that was made by the Liberal government by mr. Trudeau and that promise was to update the list of companies the countries used to set the prices for medication over a period of years. For years, the Liberal government met with the pharmaceutical industry and the insurance lobbyists over 875 times, and they did not deliver that it was a campaign, promise costs $0 and they didn't do it in four years and now right at the end of their four-year mandate during the election period, they've reanalysis they're gonna. Do it again. The evidence is clear: they didn't protect families, they protected the profits of the pharmaceuticals. Let me come back a little bit on that you're saying that they didn't protect families, but in the last budget too, they did start putting money towards a national pharma care plan and it's something that has to be done in order to get to the pharma care plan, so 35 million to create the Canadian drug agency to get access to drugs, take Nash which would make a national list for medications also 500 millions lower the those rare drugs for rare diseases. So do you give them credit for that? Not at all what they're doing is this way when the first Commission came out the first Commission back in the 60s, when we were talking about bringing in universal health care in that commission and that Royal Commission had said, we need to have pharmacare national public pharmacare, their own committee, the littlest Rucka committee with mr. Haas, dr. Hoskins, and that committee found that the healthcare, the pharma care system should be universal, single-payer and public. The Liberals have not committed to that. To date, their own committee has recommended something and they're not willing to say yes, we'll do it. We can just put it in yes, we can, you can you've got to have the courage people can't, but no- and it's a really good question I want to tell you. The thing is is that this is what liberals ooh they kind of like the eat, things out. They drag it out, they give you a little bit and they think that that's good enough and I've met with so many families and her heartbreaking stories. Seniors who have coverage they've got coverage, but they tell me their coverage means for each of the the couple my husband and wife. Their coverage is a 2500 dollar deductible. Each so they've got how they've gotten pharmacare coverage medication coverage drug benefits, but each of them have to pay 2,500 first. That means a $5,000 for the family before they get any coverage, that's practically no coverage and they're not alone. Many people have these stories where their co-pays and their deductibles are so high. It's effectively not being covered. So when we talked about the millions of Canadians have no coverage, there's still millions of Canadians that have some coverage. That's effectively no coverage and we know that what what the Liberals are proposing is to just drag this out for years in years for families that spend thousands of dollars a year on medication, they're asking them to spend tens of thousands of dollars before they get any help and that's just wrong. We are gonna change that so they just asked me to do this in French, so I'm gonna do it in French. One time don't know jenissi sad to see avec le Papa, D guven Molly be ho he's on to you who done it a belper all in zone D key on F on the PT / may see but see insufficient Sookie for first depandi means you can cut it. Oh that's here via vendors on Kelly government, liver go on for me. The matter on earth NASA knows many Universal. Is it hold on Tom Suki prophesied about the courage, the fast or own company pharmaceutical wash Wazir lesion polypro fee? The con company AC exact Masuka, fell over Matt Donovan program, dismiss Medical University Basu Vedas wrongful affirming on an SOP amount, kiiled system, the Santi universal, empowering system, the assurance medica, ma, universally public on pole affair, novella, Farrell, who's, a thief, a rapprochement, a cottage block e marine lepen informational regretted at rally still work at the copper healer block and form as not exclaimed, waterfalls, Jay Dickey. It's only fan may declare que por la Bullock, a back lash, wha, focuses, say: new linear Democrat, a sassy, exact, Masuka, Chevy, Monte Basque, a leap Koppel. They have a lassie on the dais, a man mount phousi, a person. Ok back, let bergna's represent par when option focuses, is a volume Danny knew there to K Newsome Lee option pool available option focuses on a Cecilia block of honesty analysis. Geneva DK is from Isuzu Association DK one atom. On the block he's on the fan. The group is a Sikorsky to blow sure I said in my speech yesterday that it's troubling that the block has the certain revelations that came out with certain comments they've made in the fact that they've got members. There were fans of really divisive groups, and that makes it clear that they're not really the progressive option for Quebecers and I said if you want a progressive option in Quebec for those who are looking for a home, we are your home New Democrats are your home, yes, Janice, Dixon, Global, Mail, hi Janice I'm wondering what you think about comments. Andrew Shearer made last night in a CTV CTV interview. He said that he hopes the other party's respect the fact that whoever wins the most seats should get to form government. What do you think about that? I think that Canadians expect that right now, we've got a electoral system. That means that the the results of elections have often been ones where less than half less than half of Canadians choose a certain party and they get all the power that's wrong and we were promised by mr. Trudeau that this would change. He said we would end first-past-the-post systems because it's so unfair and he broke that braum. You know, in fact we counted how many times he said it in the last electoral campaign. It was a longer one, so he had a lot of time to say this, but he made that promise at least 1,800 times yeah 1,800 times he talked about the fact that some form or other of saying that this would be the last election under last election under the first-past-the-post system. He said some variation of that 1,800 times. It is unreal and four years later, it's another election under the first-past-the-post system. So so what I want to say the Canadians is they. They feel often that vote doesn't matter. They feel, like their vote, doesn't count and they feel sad because 60% of Canadians regularly consistently vote against the Conservative government or a Conservative Party, and so it's wrong for the conservative think that, with less than 40% of the power or vote they deserve all the majority of power. That's wrong and that's why New Democrats have committed that's. Why I've I've committed to bring in at the federal level a proportional, mixed-member, proportional representation to make sure everyone's vote counts, she's gotta? What was there well? That was Genesis that what you were saying on Francie. Oh, that's what she said: okay I thought she had a follow up on from say we don't wait: Missy yeah, yeah, Danka Danka, like ele TC, o canada', Suva sukham, you see party avec moi, Endicott person wounded, Amity, the the IP do Canada is gain majority de pouvoir, hyssop, acceptable, dongsu, Campos, say see. Clarke's was some person, the Canadian regular vote control, a conservative vote, Putin option, alternative dunk, the ancien Monsieur Trudeau Lansing government, mr. Trudeau le Loup believable, a jump on me meal with some foie is on decent meat. With some foie Kevon shangela system, lateral, yep, a cotton lop off a pass. K is John Dickerson iPod on Roberta John Fay, a SOCOM proposed C L food on le pouvoir, hojin, Infosys, Eureka, Shack vote count, don't sue. Calm proposed the first set, the metronome system reform electoral representation, proportional puedan, le pouvoir awesome. Just to be clear. You would not respect a you know. If Andrew Shearer wins the most seeds, you would not allow him to form government. You would oppose that. We don't respect conservatives now no I I should I wanted. I wanted the the funny setup of the question. What I mean is that no I mean just because Mr Shearer thinks that if he gets a certain number of seeds that were gonna, give up fighting against conservatives? No we're gonna, always fight conservatives, because we don't believe in their cuts to services. We don't believe in how they could harm people. We're gonna fight that I know I continued a little chronically conservative on a on a paddock or Quebec. Like you, the the the conservative signal phones is the juju cupola service, Laden versus mountainous Juan de santé, long convoluted count, casa, a poor new seems Europe. Sheer powder has pay enough respect polish on it. Coupla service in Honda, V, peu, difficile dong, convert to Djibouti Cointreau, sir I'm mr. Seng Kevin Gallagher in CTV national news I just on this particular topic, because the questions not about whether you're gonna fight conservatives or not. You made that clear the entire campaign. The question really is whether this tradition or convention that the incumbent government in a minority situation should get first crack at forming government. This is what mr. shear rejected last night in the CTV interview. So do you agree with mr. shear that it's fine, if the party that has the most seats in a minority situation should then have first crack at forming government, or should there be a respect to this convention that the incumbent government might have first crack to either form a minority or a coalition right at the end of the day? I think then, what Canadians have like you to simplify the situation at the end of the day? Canadians, the vast majority of them do not want conservatives to come in and start cutting services, so whatever we can do to ensure that that doesn't happen is what New Democrats are committing to doing. I want to be the Prime Minister of Canada to make a better future, but and I want to be Prime Minister to put in place our programs and our services and our investments are gonna, make people's lives better and I'm. Gonna choose people, but whatever Canadians choose I want Canadians to win, and so I want them to know. If you vote enough, New Democrats in New Democrats, like Malcolm alum, here & Welland, New Democrats across Canada, if you vote in New, Democrats you're gonna get the things that you need, because we're gonna fight for you, we're in it for you and we're gonna fight for you. So whatever the imaginations are after the election know, this you've got New Democrats on your side. You've got fighters who are gonna, stand up for you, I have a question from my colleague in Vancouver. Melanine AG should be accessible, Canada act. Of course. That's a piece of legislation brought in by the Liberals. It's estimated that one in five Canadians over the age of 15 is living with a disability, and many within the community feel there's little to no attention being given to those issues. This election campaign and many feel that the current Act doesn't go far enough to protect the rights of disabled Canadians. So what would you do if you're into government to take action on the accessible Canada Act? This is a struggle that a lot of Canadians face not feeling like they belong for what they look like or their identity. But then for their abilities and the fact that Canada has a long way to go to make sure it's more accessible to people that are living with disabilities is a real challenge and something that really impacts a lot of people, but we're proposing and our commitment and what we've called for for a number of years, both provincially and federally, is to have a strategy on making sure we address the needs of people living with disabilities. So we're calling for a national strategy on developing a program and a plan to make sure that all of Canada is accessible where no matter what your abilities are. You're welcomed and you're able to be a part of society, and that's how many more committing to saying Teresa right from the Canadian Press I asked you this question the other day and I. Don't feel that I really got some answer about. You know we're here again in Ontario, we've spent the day in Quebec yesterday. You've spent a lot of time on the west coast, and that seems to be kind of where a lot of the leaders are spending their time in this election. What does that say to voters who live in other areas of the country in terms of the weight of their vote in this election? I think that everyone in Canada should know that they count and they matter, and it's a it's a big country and in a short election period, it's tough to get around the whole country and for a lot of folks out there, that I haven't be able to see I wish. I could be able to connect with you and spend time with you. It's a it's a challenge in a country as big as ours, but I want people to know no matter where they live in Canada. What we've seen over the past number of years, with liberals and with conservatives, is that they've been choosing again and again to put in place decisions and policies that make it easier for the richest and harder for everyone else. I want to change that. I want to bring in policies and commitments that are actually gonna, lift up people. Our plan to bring in Universal farming care for all is gonna lift up people. Our national dental care program is gonna, lift up people. Our plan to invest in housing and affordable housing is gonna, help out families. How we want to make sure young people know that we're fighting the climate crisis like we want to win it. We can do the all these things and no matter where you live in Canada, you can count on New Democrats to fight for you. I also have a question about some comments that you made to the wind ped Free Press. In terms of that, you suggested that you might withhold or have something to do with hold or have conversations about the health care transfers if they didn't reopen the ER. That is a provincial responsibility and given the fact that you've said that you will not interfere with bill 21 in Quebec, because that is a provincial issue. Why are you now suggesting that you might get involved in a provincial issue in Winnipeg, so we're gonna fight for healthcare, and just because considerate of governments want to cut health care doesn't mean we're gonna give up we're gonna fight for healthcare. We've got a lot of tools that we can use when we invest in things like Universal, Pharma care and our national dental care program. These are these are ways that are going to make sure provinces are gonna, feel less burden on them. We have health care transfers that go towards funding better health care. Those have been cut over the years. If we make more investments, we can encourage better decisions. We can encourage more health care deliver to people. We can encourage with more funding more centers, more hospitals. We can encourage better frontline care if we deliver the funding, we can get the results and what we've seen over the past decades is that liberals and conservatives have been cutting that funding. It used to be 50/50 now it's 2575. So how can a federal government really meaningfully be a champion for health care when they've been slashing health care investments, we're gonna change that we're gonna, make more investments and we'll have more of a footing to make to push for better health care for Canadians, no matter where they live. Yeah so I mean we're. Not we don't the power to force anything. We have the power to be persuasive. We have the power to encourage things. We make investments in healthcare. We can encourage better healthcare delivery when we negotiate things like Universal, Pharma care and national dental care when we negotiate and deliver these programs and these services that help out Canadians, we can sit down with provinces and talk about what we're increasing investments we want to see better healthcare delivered. The Canada Health Act also has certain requirements that the money is transferred for publicly delivered services and we've seen in some provinces. Conservatives try to privatize publicly delivered services and they've been fine for doing that. There are tools that we have, but we've not seen liberals or conservatives willing to use those tools to encourage better healthcare for Canadians I'm, different I'm, gonna fight for healthcare, I, don't care who's in government, I'm gonna work with them and say we need better. Healthcare. Canadians are counting on it and I'm not gonna. Give up fighting for that. I'm Shelby Knox from 6-10 CK TV news in st. Catharines, given that you're appearing in Niagara just days before the election. Many would take that as a sign that this region is important to you come Monday. Can you tell me based on what you're hearing from the people here in Niagara, including your candidates? What are you going to do to specifically help this region? Well, I've been spending a lot of time chatting with Malcolm about this. So we know that and well in like like many communities, health care is incredibly important. Our national farming care program is gonna, help a lot of people here in Welland and folks across Canada. Our plans to deliver national dental care, which is a publicly delivered insurance program that we're gonna put in place. That's gonna literally help out 4.3 million Canadians immediately. That's gonna provide dental care services. It's gonna, save families, thousands of dollars, we've estimated for a family of four with the average needs that can be as much as twelve hundred and forty dollars a year. That's saved with our plan for families that don't have dental care services or or a coverage right now. So these are real things. We're going to do for health care. We've talked about manufacturing well and has a strong manufacturing base. We need to make sure that that's strong and that's that's growing, so we've got a couple of proposals to reinvest back into our manufacturing sector. One of our proposals also helps us fight. The climate crisis is to make sure we retrofit all homes and buildings and that's gonna help yeah that's gonna help. That's gonna help create jobs in local communities. We're also going to invest massively in housing and housing is also going to create jobs. I'm familiar those are just those are just some of the priorities. I'm sure there's many more, but those are some of the top priorities are going to work on right away. Just when we're talking about Mr Shearer and the fact that you know he wants people to respect if he wins the most seats he's making it sound like a coalition is a dirty word. What do you think about that? It's not you know. You know giving some fear about a coalition, because we've seen in the past that they've made it kind of a dirty word. I can tell you this. If you look around and think about the things that we're proud of as Canadians the things that make us proud of the fact that we take care one another, our universal health care system that came in because Tommy Douglas knew Democrats and progressives push for it. If you look at, if you look at our investments and making sure seniors can live and retire with dignity, our old-age pensions, our CPP and our OAS. These are things that New Democrats push for in minority settings. We know that when New Democrats are elected in big numbers, people win. That's our message. You elect New, Democrats people win and, and just and just to be fair I mean whatever that looks like we're, not I'm not bogged down on what the details are. Whatever Canadians choose in any form, if you have New Democrats, whether we're in government which I'd love to be in government, please let that happen, whether that's in opposition, whether that's working together with others, whether that's in a coalition, whatever it is, I want Canadians to know. If you vote new Democrat, you get fighters, you get fighters, you get people on your side, people who are gonna fight for you and make your life better and that's what I want people to know tonight. You'll be campaigning in Brampton. Your candidate Jordan Boswell recently has come to life that he's made some sexist and offensive comments online years ago, of course, as many of these things Doug but they're about a former indigenous sex worker, where the time was speaking out against human trafficking, so he has apologized now, but have you spoken with this candidate? And is this something that you can allow in your party? It's I've not spoken with them, but it's absolutely wrong. The comments were horribly wrong and harmful and hurtful but I know that he is not only taken responsibility but is committed to behavior and a future where that's not what he believes and he's absolutely rejected that that he, those comments, he's made in the past and I believe the two things we need or three things we need for someone to remain. A member of our team he's accepting something they did that's wrong, committing with clear evidence that they've changed and that they're moving forward in a new way and that they believe in our values as a party. If those things are satisfied, I'm happy to continue to have people on my team, but it's it's clear that those comments were absolutely wrong and they were hurtful that I'm really yeah yeah I'm, really, sorry that those comments were made, they should never have been made. They're very hurtful, I believe that every human being deserves dignity and respect, there's lots of people that are being marginalized. That, then, are also on top of that hurt with comments like that and it's wrong. We need to lift people up, make their life safer, make their lives better and they do not deserve to be mistreated or insulted in any way. Okay, thank you. So much I'll come chat with all of you. Yeah I'll come walk around we'll. Have a nice chat. Thank you so much my friends. Thank you.