Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I really appreciate the warm welcome. Thank you so much I know it's already been done, but I think it's so important that it should be done again. I want to begin by acknowledging that were gathered on traditional territories of the first people, this land, in this case it's the traditional charities, most recently of the Mississauga's of the credit, but also in the past, of the Anna Schnabel, the Chippewa, the Hoda nashoni and the when dead people, and that Toronto, where we're gathered today, is covered by treaty thirteen with the Mississauga's of the credit and and while we often acknowledge the land that were gathered on and it's incredibly important. It's also important to reflect for a moment on the injustice is that the first people of this land have faced and continue to endure and that when we acknowledge the lands that were gathered on, we should also come together collectively to say we will work tirelessly to end that injustice and work towards true reconciliation and in that spirit, New, Democrats and I, as leader, want to make it clear that we would implement the United Nations declaration on the rights of indigenous people. I want to thank you all for being here. This is a room filled with incredible leaders that have made a mark and continue to make a mark on our country and I want to acknowledge that, and thank you for that. I'm gonna start off with a line that I read recently. That strikes me being here reminds me of this. At some of the John Lennon said, being honest, may not always get you a lot of friends, but it'll always get you the right ones, I hope by the end of this afternoon Oliver and some new friends, my mom always taught me growing up. She said that we're all one and I used to find the phrase kind of hard to understand, but, as I grew, older I really believed in what she said. The idea that if we see people around us that are hurting, it also hurts us, and if we help the people around us, if we lift the people around us, we all rise together. It's something that I lived myself I launched. We launched our campaign recently in London, and it was a city where I had some of my best memories, some that I probably can't talk about going to Western and some of my most difficult memories. It was where my brother I took my brother in to live with me and I was a 20 year old kid taking care of a kid which was kind of complicated, but it was a time where we had a lot of help. I wouldn't have gone through those tough times when we didn't have a lot of support and I was taking care of. My younger brother I had to work a number of jobs to pay the bills, and it was a lot of friends and family in some cases strangers that stepped up and helped me out, and it was their help that reminded me of a very Canadian value in Canada. We truly believe in taking care of one another. It's a very Canadian sphere and while Canada is the envy of the world in a lot of ways, we have a beautiful country, we're very proud of this country, I believe there's so many ways we can make it better and where we need to make it better. One of my my key thrusts to you today. My key message to you today is that I believe an economy that works for everyone is better for everyone. It's truly what I believe and I'll lay out my argument for that in terms of my vision for Canada, what I believe we can achieve together? I think what we need as a country is a country where everyone has a place to call home where you, if you need health care, you can access health care when you need it. That everyone has clean water to drink and air, to breathe and a good job and a bright future at the very basic. That is what we need to build now. That also means a place where we help businesses and industries grow and I'm gonna talk about what we as New Democrats, would do to how businesses grow. There are a number of ways where we can partner with businesses, but I want to acknowledge that a lot of businesses are working towards helping out their communities, giving back to not just people but also the environment. I I had a tour of just one of these many kind companies in Manitoba in Winnipeg recently there's a company called building urban industries for local development, it's based in Winnipeg and what they do is they help at-risk youth, get training to do home retrofits and to do audits, energy audits of homes, and it puts a lot of kids to work, gets them a good, stable job, and it also, this company is doing its part to help reduce emissions. Now we have an opportunity to work with businesses and I'm gonna lay out some of the way that we can do that. We will work together with one of the major crises that were faced with, which is the climate crisis, and we can work together to ensure that we fight that climate crisis and create at least 300,000 new jobs that are sustainable and of quality. That's our plan to help tackle and build a cleaner economy. We want to retrofit homes, invest in building homes that have lower carbon footprints, retrofitting old commercial buildings as well as homes, but also investing in public infrastructure to electrify our transportation. We also want to help out with small businesses by if I didn't get back against the high merchant fees that are charged so that small businesses can thrive. I know this is kind of tough cuz got MasterCard sitting right over there. My bad! Well, that's what we believe in, but we'll work together. There's all the ways we can work together. We believe in fair trade and fair trade is not free trade, which benefits the people at the very top. But fair trade is one with which helps Canadian businesses compete in the world. That means fair trade, where workers that are some of the best in the world. Canadian workers have a fair chance to compete with any jurisdiction in this world. Art can be art, our workers can compete, but if they don't have the same labor laws in place, the same environmental protections in place, then Canadian businesses can't compete with low-wage markets that don't protect their workers, so we will ensure that trade deals protect jobs in Canada and Canadian manufacturing businesses will also address the shortage of workers. We know this is a massive concern across rural parts of Canada in Quebec. It's a massive concern. There is a hundred and twenty thousand person gap in the workplace for four jobs: don't move a car by Typhon avec le Google, ma Quebec Mousasi, rakonin system limitation, key equation, who Craig Lee said problem the Peniel he demanded. We will support our manufacturing sectors here in Canada, and that means supporting steel and auto and our high-tech sectors to do that. We've got a number of key measures for measures that we are looking at to address, how we can support those industries that drive our economy. We want to have targeted supports for industries that need the supports and make sure we've got a policy in place to help those industries out. We believe in developing a robust strategy that allows workers to be innovative and competitive on a global scale. We want Canada to be a champ. We want a champion Canada on the world stage and and finally, when it comes to manufacturing. When we look at our procurement process right now, we've got to make some serious changes. Most recently, I visited Thunder, Bay and I met with workers who are struggling with with fear of losing their jobs, and we've met people across this country that are threatened by job losses, and we look at some of the policies that are being implemented and one of them is in procurement. We own Via Rail, it's a crown, Court raishin owned by canadians, and when contract went out to buy a billion dollars worth of trains, the contract was awarded to Siemens a German company. While we have some of the best trains built here in Canada, so what we're calling for is this: if we're using our public dollars our own taxpayer dollars that are going towards procurement, there must be a made in Canada requirement for procurement. We believe that economies thrive when there is respect for workers and collective bargaining, there's no question about it and we believe that an economy is strong when the middle class is strong and the best ticket to getting into the middle class is a union job. So we need to support that now. Unions fought for a lot of the things that we now enjoy. They fought hard for pensions and health benefits and workplace training and Skills Development I believe that these things weren't just good for workers, they're good for everyone. When people are doing well, we are all doing well and here's one of the problems in our country. There is far too many people that work, a full-time job that cannot make ends meet, and so that's why we've got to do something about it. We can't allow that to continue where someone is working. A full-time job and continuing to live in poverty so immediately will boost the federal minimum wage to $15 per hour, and then we're not going to stop there. Then we're going to move within our four-year mandate as government to a living wage that people can actually thrive, not just get by so while we're prepared to work with building a better economy while we're prepared to work with businesses- and we understand the importance of working with business, make no mistake with the new Democrat in government. Business will not be as usual and I'm gonna lay out our plan. Nuvi voters MP will ape you. He continued that cut the prison, purush whoo and people a majority dela population continued then above all immense advantage and ble government conservator hayleybay, who can sit down unless it Tom, B or less en stallion system, keep profit wish Aquila's tombe larry zantron you now at one time the idea of a social safety net of health care that was universal pensions, employment insurance. They all seem like pretty radical ideas. Now we realize they're very normal and we accept them at the time when they were first being fought for and trying to be brought in. They were the powerful interests at the top that fought tooth and nail against them. It was good, hardworking people, Canadians Tommy, Douglas, many others that work together to bring in these things that now form a massive part of who we are in our identity. The Canadian dream is one where we believe you can work hard and take care of one another, and we can all get ahead now. I truly believe this and I started off by saying this, that if we work to build an economy where everyone does well, everyone does well, and the problem is right. Now, if you look around you meet with people, that's not how things are going more and more people are struggling to make ends meet we've seen report after a report that says half of Canadians. That means one in every two person you meet is just 200 dollars away from not being able to pay their bills. It's a pretty staggering figure when you think about it. I've met with those families, I've met with young people who, instead of being hopeful for the future, are worried and afraid I met with families who are being crushed under the weight of bills that keep on rising and wages that keep on staying the same and really the problem is. We know the economy is doing well, but it's not doing well for everyone. The massive problem is this: there is wealth, there is prosperity, but it's not being shared by everyone. The people at the top continue to do well. The life gets more and more difficult for everyone else, I think about employment and employment numbers that continue to rise, but we look at the type of employment, it's part-time and precarious, and one of the massive concerns one of the biggest concerns that I hear about is housing in a country as wealthy as ours. There are far too many people that cannot afford to find a place to live. They cannot find a place to call home and we know that bills continue to rise and we're paying some of the most expensive bills when it comes to cell phone and Internet services. We know that child care is incredibly expensive, particularly in cities like Toronto and while the government may be Justin Trudeau and the Liberal government might like to say that the economy is doing really well. I asked the question: who is it doing well for and we think about this economy? That's not doing well or not doing well for everyone and the fear that people feel and the fact that families are struggling, the people that are feeling it the most are our young people. This is the first time ever. The young people are looking towards a future where they have less opportunities, not more than the previous generations. They're worried, because they're being crushed understood in debt, I think about my own story, a little bit when I was going through a tough time and our family was falling into a financial disaster. I was able to go to law school and at the time when I went to law, school law, school tuition fees, shoutouts to the Law Society were for eight thousand dollars a year. Now that same law school is getting close to thirty thousand dollars a year. Now, I can't imagine how a young person who's struggling. Whatever imagine, spending thirty thousand dollars a year just for tuition, it's becoming harder and harder for students, and on top of that, we look at the choices that governments are making on one hand, students who take out federal loans are being charged interest on those loans they're. Essentially, the government is essentially profiting off of them over the past four years because of the primeplus about percent that's being charged to students who have federal loans, it amounted to about three billion dollars that the Liberal government picked the pockets of students who are struggling under the weight of that debt. At the same time, in the past year, mr. Trudeau waved a six billion dollar corporate loan or corporate loans to the amount of six billion dollars. To me, that is a clear example of a choice that benefited the very powerful and hurts students who were crushed under that weight under that debt, students and young people are also the ones that are most feeling the the weight of climbing anxiety and I call it climate anxiety, because the crush and the looming climate crisis means that young people are afraid of the future. I've met young families that want to have their family grow, but are afraid not because of the bills. In this case, they're worried about what the planet is going to look like when their kids grow up and now I, don't think everyone has to decide to grow their family, but you certainly shouldn't decide not to because you're afraid of what's gonna happen to the planet. So we owe it to young people to turn this around with young people who are worried with their student debt they're worried about not being able to afford a home they're worried about not being able to start a family. We owe it to these young people to change things and turn things around. I put it to you that the raw pursuit of profit that some companies sometimes use as an excuse to eliminate pensions or to eliminate benefits, have further imperiled an already difficult situation. The reality is that, if we're not going to change the direction that we're headed on, if we're gonna continue down this path, where it's more and more unaffordable for students for young people, where we can't afford a home, you can't afford a place to live bills, continue to rise. What we're doing is essentially mortgaging the future for the a generation of young people and for me the math just doesn't add up. If we want to build a good society. If we want to build a good economy, we have to build one that works for everyone. I'm sure you'd, agree with me. If you meet a young person, you see what you'd hope to see optimism and excitement for the future, replace with despair and fear and worry. It motivates you to want to do something about it and I. Look at the eyes, young people and I say to them. You deserve better and I'm committed to delivering that. It's not just a political failure. If we don't act, it would be a moral failure. We can do a lot better now, here's a part where you're probably not going to be surprised but I believe what we need to do is ask the very wealthy to pay a little more. There's no question about there's a three-letter word, a very dangerous three-letter word that I'm gonna redefine for you. People are going to talk about the problem around taxes or tax I, say to you that a tax is really just a contribution. It's an investment, and if you want to invest in and contribute to this beautiful country, it means that those who are able to contribute a bit more I eat pay more taxes should do so so I'm, not gonna mince words under a new democratic government, the wealthiest and powerful corporations will be paying more. The problem is that decisions have been made that have made it easier and easier for those at the very top they're, very powerful, not to contribute their fair share and it has a cost. People pay the price when we don't contribute to society. Ie pay taxes. We don't contribute. It means that we don't have the roads and bridges we need. It means we can't invest in education means we can't invest in expanding our healthcare system. It means it hurts people and what happens as a result is inequality grows and I put to you when you have massive inequality, it's not good for anyone when you've got those at the very top, with massive wealth and people at the bottom, with nothing and we're desperate. That is not a good equation for a good society. I believe that everyone benefits when everyone shares in prosperity. Everyone benefits when everyone can realize their dreams and that's why I believe that everyone should be contributing their fair share and I want to just touch on the problem itself. You know the federal government reported over the last year that there was leakage essentially not recovering ten billion dollars a year from corporate tax rates. That's in the past a yearly basis. The Parliamentary Budget Office says they were losing twenty five billion dollars to offshore tax havens. That businesses are actively trying as hard as they can to avoid paying their fair share. I mean a leakage of 10 billion offshore tax havens of twenty five billion dollars. These are massive investments that could have been made. It's a building a better future, so those young people can look up with hope and excitement instead of fear and worry, we all know that if we have the revenue, we can build a better country. If we can increase our investments, increase our contributions. Yes, increased taxes on those who are able to. We can invest in the things that we know we need now. I'm I was kind of inspired today by Rutger, Bregman I know, if you remember Rutger Bregman. He spoke at Davos earlier this year and he told an audience of billionaires. The following I hear people talking the language of equality and transparency, but almost no one raises the real issue of tax avoidance and of the rich just not paying their fair share. It feels like I'm at a firefighter conference and no one's allowed to speak about water. He's got a point. There is massive inequality in our country. Take this statistics: for example, in 2015-2016 statistics, Canada points out the Canadians paid one hundred and forty five billion dollars in taxes, while corporations paid 41 billion, the tax burden has shifted massively from businesses onto the shoulders of Canadians. We believe middle and middle and low income. Canadians are pairing, their favorite fair share, they're doing exactly what they can. We will not raise taxes on everyday people, but we will certainly ask those who are able to to contribute more here's. Another thing that to me is a massive policy failure. According to a 2017 Oxfam report, two Canadian men owned as much as the bottom 11 million Canadians, that's 30 percent of our population. There is no way anyone can justify to me why it makes sense for two people to own the wealth, that's proportional to 30% of our population. That is just makes no sense at all. So over these past four years with mr. Trudeau and government, the wealthiest have enjoyed more and more wealth, while everyone else has continued to struggle to pay their bills. We've seen in four years that the total amount that wealthy Canadians have stashed in offshore tax havens have expanded to an astonishing 353 billion dollars. Imagine what we could do with those revenues. We know that we have to change this. There is no way we can continue down this path where the powerful continued to not pay their fair share. We owe it to the future generations. We owe it to our kids. So that's. Why we're putting forward our New Deal for people, our New Deal for people when we get at these missed opportunities for revenue? When we asked a very wealthy to contribute more pay more taxes, we are going to expand our health care system to cover people from head to toe. If you need medication, if you need medication in our country, you should use your health card, not your credit card. We are gonna, take immediately on day 1 of being in government. We're gonna, take the interest off of all federal student loans to help students out today, I really like the QTA that someone said was pretty awesome, but we're not gonna end there. We believe that there should be no barriers for students who want to pursue education, so we're gonna, replace loans with non repayable grants and, yes, we want to move shoutout to Ryerson and, yes, we want to move to career from kindergarten to career, no barrier education. That means free tuition for everyone in our country. If you need education, you should get it. We will take urgent action on the climate crisis by tackling by ending fossil fuel subsidies by reinvesting into clean and renewable energies. We will work honestly towards reconciliation, and that means assuring at a starting point that every indigenous community in our country has access to clean drinking water, has actually equal funding, equitable funding for their kids, education and quality homes and we're gonna, tackle the housing crisis, we're gonna, build half a million new homes and we're gonna take on speculators and money launderers to make sure that people can have a safe place, a quality place to call home. And yes, we are gonna, do something that liberals and conservatives won't -. We are gonna directly, lay out a path to ask those at the very top to contribute a bit more we're gonna ask we're gonna roll back corporate tax rates to 2010 levels, so it's gonna be at 18%, while keeping small business tax at the same rate, we're going to put in place a 1% super-well tax on those who have fortunes of over 20 million dollars, because we believe we need to get at inequality. We will crack down on tax evasion and offshore offshore loopholes and make sure that everyone is contributing their fair share. With these revenues we will build. The programs we know are possible. I know some what question whether raising corporate taxes means. Some corporations won't invest in Canada and while there's no question that taxes are a factor, the reality is experts say it is certain, certainly not the only one or even the largest factor. The oe/oe CD has said. The good regulations, robust public services and workforce skill training are all key factors to encourage investments. Our plan will help companies stay competitive, while families can make ends meet and in fact, more than that, more families can thrive. Our plan to extend drug coverage to all Canadians will not only save lives, give people dignity, improve health outcomes. It will also save businesses on average, around $600 per employee it'll also see families massively. It's the right thing to do for those companies who want a fear, more sustainable and more progressive and more prosperous, Canada New Democrats are ready to work together to make this happen, because for us, a Canada, that's more equal, that's more prosperous for all. It's a fair place for all is a better place to live for all of us. We are going to run a campaign built on this value that, if we lift each other up, we all rise together. We're gonna bring this hopeful message to Canadians, because I believe it is time to change the direction of our country. We know we can do this and together we'll make it happen. Thank you very much. It's an honor! Thank you. So can you hear me we did get some questions so live. How will your government and the National shame that is the living conditions for indigenous peoples on and off reserves? I think. Thank you very much for that question. It's incredibly important, having visited some indigenous communities I've been to grassy, narrows and met with the leadership and and the young people I went to the school and met with people that are really young people that are really hopeful. Despite how challenging their situations are, and at the end of the day, First Nations and indigenous people have the solutions they. They know how to solve the problems that they're tackled or that they're faced with. They know what how to tackle those problems. They just need a partner, that's willing to work with them on a respectful, dignified way. I mean I, can't imagine in a country as wealthy as ours, where in the twin 20-19, with all the technology that we have with all the wealth that we have, how there's any excuse for not ensuring that everyone has clean drinking water, that everyone has access to quality homes, it's unimaginable. If something is a priority, we've seen the government work immediately just last year. You know when they chose to buy a pipeline, they found 4.5 billion dollars to buy. It I believe that we should have different priorities. Ours is to make sure that everyone is clean, drinking water, that every indigenous community has quality homes and we will get it done. You just described in your platform, new taxes for wealthy Canadians. Some will say that wealthy Canadians will leave Canada and find ways and they have the means to find ways to avoid paying those taxes. What do you say to that? I see that in Canada is an incredible place to live. There's many reasons why people live in Canada and I touched on this. It's not only because of the taxation system. People want a stable government want a safe place to live a place where you can walk down the street where you have access to health care, and these things are all threatened with massive inequality. So if you walk down the path that we're currently on and inequality grows further and further, it becomes worse for everyone, and no one benefits from that. I really believe that if we make the right investments, we build the right climate that encourages benefits for all that you have head-to-toe health care coverage where you know that if you live in Canada, your dental care is covered. Your medication coverage is covered. If you have all these coverages and if you have the stable government that we have, it is a place where people will want to live where businesses will want to grow and thrive and I'm. Confident, we've seen it around the world that countries that have better services don't lose investments. They can gain and grow investments. We can do that here as well. Keeping on health care. You you've outlined a comprehensive health care platform. Those are provincial jurisdiction. How do you plan to work with the provinces to get that done so I'll take one example, specifically the the medication coverage for all the pharma care example. So, right now, every provincial government has actually a form of Pharma care. If you go to the hospital your medication is covered, so every province is negotiating a deal with medication company, where pharmaceutical companies to buy medication. What we're proposing is this, we would front about nine to ten billion dollars required and go to each premier and say for the same amount that you're already spending you're, currently spending on medication that covers patients and hospitals for that same amount. We can cover every single person in your country, I can't imagine even the most conservative premier, that would say no to covering everyone in their country what we are essentially doing. What sure? What we're essentially doing is this we're saying: let us pull the buying power of 37 million Canadians. We already have the mechanisms in place. The federal government also buys medication for veterans and for indigenous communities and for some other marginalized communities as well. We already have the mechanisms in place instead of having separate buying between provinces and pharmaceutical companies in the federal government and other insurance providers. Let's pool our resources and buy collectively, negotiate better deals and we'll deliver a better care last one. What do you think are the biggest misconceptions about your party and your policies and what do Canadians, who have never voted NDP before need to know about you, we're in it for people I mean that's our major focus. That big difference is the big difference. Is this and we've seen that you know if you're, very powerful and very wealthy you've had two parties that work for you I? Believe we build a better economy when governments make decisions that benefit people, because everyone will benefit from that. It'll create a better climate for business, a better climate for industry, a better climate, so that people have the wealth shared, so they can contribute back into a better society. If you have the Natha means to be able to live in a home, you don't have the means to be able to to purchase things. It's gonna create a weaker economy. I really believe. If we build an economy where everyone shares in the prosperity we all benefit, that's when you're Democrats are all about. Thank you so much. Thank you, mr. Singh, on behalf of the Canadian Club of Toronto, thank you for kick-starting our one hundred and twenty third season, with your passion and commitment for the well-being of all Canadians, what a great way to open our new season. Your personal story is inspiring to so many Canadians, regardless of political stripe. I was really proud. Last night watching the debate at the highest levels of federal government to see the diversity on that stage, it's really inspiring you no stranger to adversity, but you've managed to channel that into actively pursuing your dreams and helping your family and now all Canadians as the federal election campaign progresses. We wish you and your party all of the best before we close I'd like to thank media events, CA Canada's, online event, space and BBC for live streaming. Today's event, thank you for being with us today and we look forward to seeing you again soon have a great afternoon. You.