And members of the PC caucus, as well as some of our fantastic candidates here in New Brunswick now I've had just out the honor of meeting with some true local heroes. The dedicated volunteers of the upper King's, clear fire department I, want to start today by thanking you and volunteers across the country for your service. Canada would not be the great country that it is without the contributions of our volunteers, the people who answer the call of civic duty, the people who choose to say yes to helping others, even if it means putting themselves in harm's way, whether it's a service club, their child sports league charity, work for a Cause close to their heart or emergency response. There are almost 13 million kids who volunteer more than two billion hours of time each year, Canadians step up Canadians help each other to get ahead. That's what I love about this country and I believe government should encourage it play dotrice million the Canadian Deacon again from polluted Emily after they'd, been avala Saucony, the Kennedy, a Canadian algie's, said mutual mo a mere a Lakota DN C Series M decipi Iroquois Kaluga mo DeVry on Courage ASA, because there are so many Canadians working hard across the country to support their families and their communities, giving what little time they have in service of their fellow citizens. They are people of courage, character and strength. Like those with me today, it is my privilege today to be joined by search and rescue volunteers and volunteer firefighters. These men and women not only serve their community, but they save lives in many towns and cities from coast to coast. It's volunteers who are the frontline of community fire protection of the almost 4,000 fire departments in Canada. 3,000 are staffed by all volunteer teams for those volunteers. The call can come at any time during their Christmas dinner, their kids piano recital or during a night out with a loved one. It's a huge commitment, a giant responsibility, a sacrifice so is volunteer, search and rescue in cities, towns and rural areas across Canada. When someone goes missing, teams of volunteers spring into action, New Brunswick's, very first volunteer search and rescue team was formed in Fredericton in 1983. Today there are 10 teams located across the province and more than 330 volunteer members. They provide vital services in New, Brunswick, dense forests from missing person and evidence, searches to emergency preparedness and training. So today, I'm extremely proud to be here to announce how a new Conservative government will further support, search and rescue volunteers and volunteer firefighters across Canada right now, search and rescue volunteers and volunteer firefighters have to do 200 hours of service before they qualify for the current tax credits, we will lower that criteria from 200 to 150 hours to ensure that more Canadians are eligible for these benefits. It was a Conservative government that brought in the existing tax credits for these community heroes and a new Conservative government will make it easier to qualify. So more volunteers can get ahead. We all know money isn't why they do what they do, but this change will help more get more money in their pockets. It will help to pay for gear and training. Most of all, it's a recognition of what they do for us and a way for us to say. Thanks or should we just be external mafia. They don't see come on Nouveau good among conservative, a suit nearly been evil. Our churches of - la pompe volunteer, partout au, canada promo. They believe a long history. So as a sabotage illa Popa volunteer, 12, cumulate, dishonor of the service around that admissible already temple exists on news. A lot read: we are secret here, the disks on a sunset counter for metro, pleasure, Johnny posh. This is hero local, so in given amount conservatory, a lake ready Depot exist, don't force a whole community. A new vote government conservative, ilaria LED miscibility for complete non nombre de Venable Emilio la-dee-da. We serve all conform, pastor, Palazzo, magician's, novell, netware, Adagio, Donner posh in valleys, ADAP alaikum, o la formación, able to sit in reckoner songs. The second form for new emphasis on dollar deal mercy throughout this campaign. I have spoken about my plan to make your life more affordable for you, for your kids and for your retirement, and that's really what this campaign will come down to. Who do you trust to put more money in your pockets? So you and your family can get ahead. Justin Trudeau has already raised taxes on 80 percent of middle-class families and, if he's re-elected, his carbon tax will only go out adding at least 31 cents to the price of gasoline and hundreds, potentially thousands more for everyday household essentials. On the other hand, we will bring in a universal tax cut for every Canadian that will save a couple with average salaries 850 dollars a year, we'll bring in tax credits for children's arts, fitness and learning, making it more affordable to enroll your child. In soccer and other extracurricular activities, we will give a green public transit tax credit to those who take the bus or train to work, and we will make maternity and parental AI benefits. Tax-Free will increase the aged credit by $1,000, putting 300 dollars back into the pockets of a senior couple and will boost the RESP helping parents save to send their child to post-secondary school. You work hard for your money and volunteers like the ones here today and across the country. Work especially hard for no money at all, and a dollar is always better spent by the person who earned it and by the politician who taxed it and I know how hard you're working, how Canadians feel like they are falling further behind, and that should never be the case, and certainly not for community heroes who risk everything to help others and that's why we're lowering the number of hours required and making it easier to qualify for the benefits to which you are entitled. A new Conservative government will live within its means, we'll lower your taxes and put more money in your pocket for you for your kids for your aging parents, Nouveau Google, Mall, conservative Ivy for a salon same way. You shall only do it was a boy I met for pleasure demo, posh blue Porvoo Damon. Now, for those parallel AJ, they might know Pascal it's a little pour vous that mere a but recorded here, because it's time for you to get ahead. Thank you very much. Merci, beaucoup, have you take your person good morning, Mr Shearer David, akin from Global News. Last night we heard the issue of the ruling in the Quebec court about medically assisted dying bill come up and I think you mentioned you'd like to see it go to the Supreme Court. You wanted some certainty I'd like to hear, though your opinion about the ruling and whether or not you agree that the law ought to be broadened, as the judge agreed to include those with painful and curable conditions, though not necessarily terminal tissues, you agree that the pool of people who should be able to access a medically assisted death should be broadened. Well, when this bill was before Parliament I voted against the current government's legislation, because I did not believe that it had enough safeguards in it and now, with this ruling, I think it's best that we appeal it to the Supreme Court. So we can get certainty around which for the framework within which Parliament can legislate, we are conservation, law Duvall, nationally, determine give or take controversial law caused amazing queue to bully the Lakota compilation, durable Manoj opposed case a mayor approach, the war in decision finalists, Corran Purdon, a luchador Paul, a politically deputy, the the the regulator Posse it just on a separate topic. We heard last night about the Trudeau campaign and two planes is very entertaining listening to your response of that matter, but more seriously I mean a lot of people. Just might wonder why? Wouldn't this campaign buy some carbon offsets and hard to see the downside on what a lot of Canadians think is a very reasonable thing to do. They'll buy some offsets to for your carbon footprint. Why not? Why? Wouldn't your campaign done that? Well, our plane is actually using less fuel than the the plane that's carrying the Justin Trudeau and his staff and the media around so right. There were emitting fewer emissions and we're going we've. We've decided to get by with just the one plane we've taken that decision. It's you know we've. We found that we've got more than enough space. We can. We can make do with just the one and I don't buy. Mr. Trudeau's excuse that somehow purchasing some credits excuses him gives him the privilege to burn more fuel at tens of thousands of gallons per hour or per flight news of all. Clearly, the decision under there was so much behind. That's why we on principle? That's why we are it. Is my desk Le'veon principal statehood or say, led explicable, choir in pants, Cassie, say logitech ready, pour la carbo excuse the fact kill. It leads beam, plea, energy, kinetic, camping news, Mr Shearer. The consensus in Quebec media is that you lost last night's first French debate. What does it say to Quebec voters that you sort of hightail it out of there and had it here to New Brunswick instead of spending more time campaigning in Quebec after the performance? Yesterday? Of course, I disagree with that entirely I. Think last I believe last night, Quebecers heard very clearly about which, where the parties stand on making life more affordable, they heard for me the very concrete, specific measures that we will take to put more money in their pockets. So they can get ahead. I I stayed I participated. The debate I participated, the media availability afterwards, I was in Quebec for for the day prior, as well as the day of so and Here I am again highlighting another measure to put more money in the pockets of Canadians, shikaka, chief clare, cyclic, the assumer machia xpk envision 411, affordable a a quarterly collinear. They lick a bukkake because I don't want you in for apparently limits your concrete or less a PDR on Donner Pass and at the base temple Universal. No credible a transport on commune Almonte, simpler, our review of acoustic below in in info a Colo in poor kid carbonic. The ball pair whole pull the camera a polimedia made on Savi personnel factor. Cashews compliment other person, commercial figure. When a vision, personnel gyroscope come China that they come, don't know, fake reviews that count Texaco Mayo control, G to attract lair, Susur, Casey personnel. More probably g20 ponder the casino may important to the Canadian to the québécois came across a lethargy, a fair known as more compliment in estrogen /, /, /, sediba age voltage, control, an import, Cal, meteor, Kia Cee'd over syllable I've always answered this question openly and honestly. From the first time, I ran for office in 2004 when I ran for the leadership of the party in 2016 after I won their leadership of the party. My personal position has always been open and consistent. I am personally pro-life, but I've also made the commitment that, as leader of this party, it is my responsibility to ensure that we do not reopen this debate, that we focus on issues that unite our party in the United 80s, and that's exactly what I'll do that's? Why I will vote against measures that attempt to reopen this to be possible? Akanda Calma we kept up the pass out, shows uzuki madman, Bridget Clements. If you need the break loopy, not even a compact bicycles at Versailles, so Latin, mystic, leprosy, sin strategy, liberal historic coin, government liberality the only scandal he'd only crooks. You know, let's see the clearly pure Dalek Iranian, see the DVLA Canadian a vaccarelli force attack. Allah Jamaat encourage the continued a they say: the clay leper division on truly Canadian Canadian may they can be entered in the Emperor. What confidence could compromised do? Canada Jennifer pammer grave over stood about good morning. Mr. Giuseppi valiantly Canadian Press in in 2015, a post mortem conducted by your party, found that people were frustrated by a lack of new ideas in the conservative movement, and today you announced again a small tax credit it to date, the majority of your promises can be directly traced back to the thousand the 2015 platform and an earlier. Why is that? And and what is your vision? Well, I, of course reject the premise of the question this our platform, the announcements that we've made so far are full of exciting and innovative ideas, including our real plan for the environment, creating the green patent Tax Credit, which will allow companies to innovate and conduct research and development here in Canada, leading to new technologies that lower emissions are universal tax cut is, is an innovative way, is a comprehensive tax cut that applies to every single Canadian taxpayer. Our foreign policy is clearly, it clearly contains measures that are new for a party, so I'm excited to continue to bring out these innovative policies that are clearly resonating with Canadians across the country, and you just you just mentioned again that you were a personally pro-life Trudeau just a few moments ago in Montreal, so that you were against the rights of women. Can you point to a single policy in your platform that you believe shows that you do support women's rights? Well, of course, all our policies are argued are centered around treating all Canadians equally and supporting the rights of women. We will continue to ensure that that women are treated fairly and equally in this country and that their rights are always protected. Glenn, Berger, CTV News mr. Blanchet said yesterday that Quebecers should support him, because the party kena qua resembles them I'm wondering if you interpret that as many are doing as being racist than because it's they don't visually. Look like the other parties. Don't visually! Look like the Parti québécois resembles him. Sorry I see a pretty good party, yeah yeah, of course. Well, look I'll! Leave it to me. She belongs shit to explain what he meant by that I believe that Quebecers want adoption to have representatives who have the ability to deliver results for Quebec that they can have people around the decision-making table. The bloc québécois is, you know, has always in the past played on on division within the Canadian population within the Quebec population. I am more I believe in finding the common ground between all different types of Canadians people who have come here from all different parts of the world and celebrating what unites us. What protecting the very reasons why people came to this country and I'm gonna continue to run a positive and inclusive campaign? We measure Valecia, she remonstrated, xpk, say fair or natural party and party inclusive urkki celebrate the fact. Mr. Monday a junkie the power to homo tool, Protege the circular Canada lesser typically, don't vary every way a koala secretly chemically, because we have what the deputy O'toole a tablet. The decision keeper literally hurt a poor community so, for example, a phenomenon de mettre fame or they burst mundo. Is it also in Montreal this morning mr. Trudeau said that you're attacking him over the second airplane in his use of carbon, offset credits, because you don't have a meaning, we'll plan to cut carbon emissions so give you a chance to respond to them? Well, we actually have a real plan for the environment. Our plan will lower admissions. His plan fails to take into account that if we do not take the climate change fight global, if we do nothing to ensure that Canada can help lower emissions on a global context, then the planet is not better off. That's exactly targets at recognizing that we can export our clean technology, our carbon capture we can, if, if, if we can ensure that other countries take advantage of the types of things that we've perfected here, we can actually lower emissions in a substantial way. Otherwise, the global emissions are just going to continue to go up and we can chase away jobs and investment. Here we can make the cost of living even higher and higher here only to see that economic activity replaced by production in China in Indonesia in India and emissions will actually go up for the world, so the planet's not better off under Justin Trudeau's approach. It will be under our approach. Good morning, mr. schirra Steve shear, with Reuters you've made a number of prompt promises and you've talked about in sort of your rivals- affordability, you talked about it today, but there's been little talk about the root problem for the Canadian economy, which is productivity and potential growth. So my question to you is you know: what is your plan to do to make the Canadian economy more competitive, mm-hmm? Well, you rightly point out that under Justin, Trudeau Canada has fallen behind our largest trading partners and our competitors when it comes to productivity. That is through a number of issues. I've made the commitment that, in addition to eliminating corporate welfare for the for highly profitable countries, companies and and companies that export their take the money for operations in other countries, we will also conduct a regulatory review that will reduce the red taper in on Canadian businesses and companies. Right now, there are billions of dollars in lost productivity just because of government compliance, often with outdated regulations that do not serve purpose other than to create paperwork. So we are going to attack that issue to make sure that Canadian companies, while meeting very high standards from the environment for health and safety and for workers rights, can do what they do best, which is produce goods and provide services and an export that around the world. Economists say that that Canada can slightly increase its deficit spending and still bring down the debt over the next few years, especially if growth continues as its projected and, and they say that would be a good idea, because private debt in Canada is quite high. So my question to you is: would you consider pushing back or or abandoning your goal to balance the budget in five years? If that proves true, if the economy needs some support? Well, I I will not take the advice from liberal economists who believe that budgets balance themselves or that people become richer by paying more taxes. Those are things that I've made my choice. I, don't agree with that, and Canadians can make their choice on October 21st. The massive amounts tens of billions of dollars of new debt that Justin Trudeau has added to the national debt comes with a price tag. It comes with a cost interest on that debt has to be paid and I believe that Canadians would rather see their tax dollars going into improved services or into tax cuts, rather than see their tax dollar going to pay the interest on that debt. Just going to banks with the Liberals, you get two speeds for government spending fast and faster, and if we are, if there are as we as many analysts indicate, there are some troubling signs on the horizon for Canada's economy. We need to get our fiscal house in order. The Liberals have put us in a position now where, if there is a difficult period ahead, there is very limited flexibility that they will have to operate under because we are carrying around these massive deficits, but I believe that it's not fair to current taxpayers who know that their taxes will go up after the election or to future tax payers. So we'll have to pay back the interest on the debt that Rio has accumulated. That's why we're committed to a five-year time frame, Janice McGregor from CBC News, perhaps as early as next week in a number of school boards in Ontario, there could be classroom disruptions if the Ford government cannot reach an agreement with QP. What are your federal conservative candidates in Ontario hearing at the door about this labor situation in public schools? Well, I believe people Ontario are aware of the fact that this particular union and and education unions in general have gone on strike under governments of all stripes they were under. They went on strike under the McGinty liberals, they've been on strike under the Bob ray andp, going back throughout throughout decades in Ontario, I think people on a tear understand this is a provincial issue. It's up to the union representatives and the provincial government to to come to a deal, but I asked you specific what specifically, what your federal candidates are hearing at the door on this issue. I see one provincial premier. At this event, I only am led to believe, then that the federal and the provincial parties of the same stripe are in conversations about strategy and coordinating messages. What are your federal conservative candidates hearing at the door on this? Well, just I'll, just maybe a correct one thing: they're very honored to have Premier Higgs here, but it's not as if we're sharing strategy and communications. It's just quite frankly that we happen to have the same position on some issues like scrapping the carbon tax, like standing up for Canada's energy sector like having a government that lives within its means, so that we can lower taxes and put more money in the pockets of Canadians, and that is and again. That is why I'm so honored to have Premier Higgs here I can tell you what our candidates are hearing at the doors in Ontario they're hearing that life is getting more expensive. They are worried about crime in places like Brampton and Toronto. They are frustrated that this Liberal government has actually lowered penalties on dangerous criminals. They are here that they are aware of the damage that Kathleen Wynne's Liberal government did for so long in Ontario, and they are aware of the fact that Justin Trudeau is running the exact same play book, and that is why I believe that voters in Ontario will do four do at the federal level what they did in the at the potential level. That's put it into scandal-plagued deficit, running tax, hiking, Liberal government; second, Oct; no, no Dawa, prima cigs ECF a quandary. It's it simply deserve all mm positions. Today, the energy reporter come attacks to that carbon, a lap, wheat product, receptor, energetic you prove it here: Kino Canada, on Ontario on toned Ally report. Ladies Ontarians on Kenny Berkeley clean today. Exactly those tempo can affect the government federal accumulate deficit ugly example. A don't immediately scandal! Good morning, Jacques Basra from CBC and New Brunswick. We spoke to a number of consumers at gas station yesterday about the carbon tax and they most the majority of them said. We know it's they're kind of getting used to it. Don't notice it as much as we did before. Wholesale gas prices are below what they were in April. What would you say to those voters? Well, I can tell you the voters I've heard from frustrated by the fact that they have to pay the carbon taxes or even more frustrated that they have to pay tax on the carbon tax and when Justin Trudeau says the higher tax prices. Higher gas prices are exactly what he wants. That frustrates motorists across the country. Our plan is to scrap the carbon tax, we're gonna, put more money back in the pockets of Canadians. We're also gonna, take the GST and HSC off of home heating to recognize that it's not a luxury to heat your home in the winter. It's also proof that the carbon tax isn't working. If it's not changing behavior, it's clearly not working, so Justin Trudeau has to come clean with how high his carbon tax is going to go after the election, hi Mr, Shearer, Janice, Dixon, The, Globe and Mail. Earlier this week you said you finished your degree in Ottawa when I asked for clarification, but over the years you've told a number of journalists that you finished in Regina. Why is that the case so I? My degree is granted from the University of Ottawa I finished it while I was in Regina. The combination, of course, is from from the University of Regina and corresponds courses. I then had those credits transferred back to University of Ottawa to obtain my degree. Okay, thank you and on a different topic. What a Conservative government appeal, the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal order that says Canada must compensate First, Nations children living on reserve for failing to provide funding for child and family service, but the deadline for this appeals, Monday, I, realize you're, not in government then, but just we're. Looking for your thoughts on this way, I believe this question came up during the the McLean's debate. This is a far-reaching decision that has major impacts on multiple levels of government and many different departments within government, and for that reason, I felt like it was appropriate that it would be appropriate to have judicial review of this decision. So this is your mobile, an impact significative siragugal more further, how a book who did the department depart tomorrow? Aloha Sarah, his own port ecology. My position today same you dare walk in Fallujah did the question good morning mr. shears Silas Brown global New Brunswick. This is obviously your second visit to New Brunswick during the campaign, but this is also your second visit to primarily Anglophone part of the province. What do you have to say to voters in the primarily francophone north to convince them that you will represent all New Brunswickers, not just those in the south? Well, actually, I was here celebrating the Acadian culture in New Brunswick, just before the election started and I've always made it very clear that our government will ensure that francophone rights are protected across this country and we have great candidates throughout New Brunswick that are representing Franco Franco New Brunswickers. We visit a new Pokemon sweeper celebrate the least walk at the end. The fairness sec, Oliver Neuville Mustapha collects a laser action on Commerce, a missive in Circle Award message that we put to lay Franco francophone - Oh Canada. Obviously the southern part of the province has been an area where your party has had a lot of success in the past and do yourself have spent quite a bit of time here in the southern part of the province. Would you say that it's more of a priority for you to be down here in the southern part, where you believe you may have a better chance? That's electing some MPs! Well, you know Innes. In a campaign route that is only around forty days and there are 338 ridings I wish I could visit every single one of them. I obviously spent a lot of time this summer visiting many ridings in the hopes of coming back. Second, a second time we'll see how the campaign unfolds and see how we can do as much of that as possible. We're very optimistic for gains all throughout Atlanta Canada. In the last election, the Liberals won 32 for 32, but the people of Atlantic Canada feel like they've gone, oh for 32. Under this Liberal government, this Liberal government imposed a carbon tax. This Liberal government killed a west2east pipeline that would have created jobs right here in New Brunswick. They have had a minister responsible for the Atlantic Canadian opportunities. Agency comes from Toronto, so they've clearly taken this region for granted. We won't and we are going to win seats back all over Atlantic Canada and rural Telegraph Journal from st. John. You've said that you and premier Higgs kind of on the same page. One of the files you don't seem to be on the same page is about health care transfers. The premier has talked about how New Brunswick's aging population and demographic needs to be recognized in those payments. You said you Alana the current agreement. How do you reconcile that difference? Well, I will take this opportunity to point out the hypocrisy of Justin Trudeau for running against the current formula in the last election and then and then locking it in going forward just another example of how he was not as advertised during the 2015 election I understand the challenges that Premier Higgs has brought up with, as it relates to New Brunswick specific situation with an aging population. That is one of the reasons why I made the commitment that we will increase funding for healthcare by at least three percent every year and why we also announce that we will create a fund that will help provinces purchase life-saving diagnostic equipment like MRIs and CT scans. That will help address wait times, while ensuring that the products can meet its needs to provide these types of services. When you do those funding increases, will they take the demographic age of the population into account? We're committed right now to the the current formula, which includes a three percent increase, but I've always said that I would have a much more cooperative approach with the premiers. Every province has unique challenges for some provinces. It can be large cities with all the challenges that come with large infrastructure projects for others it may be aging populations or or or less dense populations spread out over larger, larger land areas, others it can be a higher population. You know the economies that are more dependent on on industries that have much greater cycles that can rise and fall drastically. So I've always sent a signal to premiers that when I sit down around the table with them, they won't have to get me. They won't have to take me to court for me to hear their concerns that I'd work in a cooperative manner with all of them. We all knew Zamora preparing in Orgazmo por la fórmula actual for 12% or minimum Parham, a mangy OCD Kosovar in in an expedia press. You know have actually promised to Lycoris really is already feel holiday, feel different. Portia Provost shavelev are in a national cooperative, a collaborative cool thanks very much.