Good morning, everyone I just wanted to begin by recognizing that two people were killed outside of a synagogue. Earlier today on a Jewish high holiday and, of course, my thoughts and prayers are with the families of the victims in and indeed with Jewish people all over the world who are celebrating this festive holiday to the ball. German high salary, you glare plant, naturally Candida, don't shut Agrella call a not a candy that now I hunt circuits, evil, Kathy laughs, rhombus kiss on prison. Is he ordered a phone party? Do not wake up conservatories, give you the permit or québécois yet to lay Kennedy the ameliorate, the Canadian sisa launcher le choix delayed action on 28 October, a key federal conference police, a poodle Jean domville posh la hippos. They Sumon passed into law on the milk in central or premier de la crosse, my Aunt May Dupree Catherine Catherine persona like classe, moyenne or canada. They blew the tax, a la deficit continued the sake merely a shacking, a la vie, a Divini plead official to restrain through lack a pause, sell a party conservator du canada and given a mock conservator that evil salon same way. In New Zealand Asia announced a pleasure Monsieur key VAR Andra levy, moisture put today. Canadian Canadian, for example, use along, create lab a stamp or purchase permit. Oh and Cooper the revenue marine, the economy's a with song, seungheon dollar supreme, Allah TAS de facto of the show fash residencia with realism, pozole a procession on the maternity at opportunity, chromatin risk a cattle mill, the Lord only posh the nouveau Karen augment a lake ready alacrity on his own dilash Sookie bill. Jenna Fischer, her LePew owns any appreciable revenue aid under her and coupler disc $1,000 on blue the coup de la vie, le docteur casino, poor Tom. He supposed OSI turn on set election on Limi Casio on it in a lousy extent. Who, though, a grande su la canada a Canadian the summer? Should we or passage clandestinely blue freakin take obey the pre diesel predict second male person, so entree illegal mo o Canada on provenance desert a genie in a tree ground majority Apache pass a policy, see new some aloo levain 10 October approaching news. Allow eliminate, set fire a metro, faint, a sumo dontre illegal is a Justin Trudeau, a non sono in capability control, a new frontier element, Purdue lacrosse, the design, the mediator person at honda. Lady potassium, be sure, not repeat: nasubi pal mmm crazy on me, McGirt wah extreme, certain ultra pay, Demong male exist common. She knew in profound creased the conference Donnelly migration, the peacock is any incidental, o samba to simply mo dollar move as direction for her glaze. The problem on cat growl, liberal federal or an you lately, progress really say: para government conservative president poor enforce a nervous system. Demon glass, you know accelerated Catmull. The demand eliminate laser theory itself, see safer, parte de la movers image presented or donate the not repay party doll amount. They designed a milli, a the person renew the too late or is in demand. So every way ec o qu. The Danielson a swore some partial Saturday across the lane competence, it'll, learn: negligence, deliver Rhoda, Trudeau and measure it. Eight. The Canadian Canadian on may know in impression negative dilemma ratio dude the lucky day the natural system ill met on question, the control, the no frontier, the Bruce, the Canadian name, Parvati person, Arizona California illegal mo committee, condone curse, a selkie sweevil applause, normal soubise, the long delay the Canadian Canadian will so to kill assistant immigration, Suarez Jerry. The mania compete on a clear, proper security, SWAT I serve a comprar Minister should affair the C's objective in clarity, the natural politic Salemi Gratiano comes early. Lady Tonto new selamat refrain: alibag dontre illegal on eliminar, laughs, I, download on solitaire pace or singing evacuate, citizen, e-news alone on ma che this on second official additional allergens. They service frontally a to Canada a preserve the Jewish la comisión elimination. They do statute the refugee, so home, deploy Silla terrain very point. Show the immigrant illegal, a la frontiere New Zealand support a UN attention special as individual keeper heckler mumbled organization. Criminal. Come ms place. This allow see fixated Nevada migration. A Shakuni salon is enter her Labor's, going to Canada sin Evo, the from Oct near count. The network capacity are convenient, the a blah blah the refugee humanity, a natural government, the aqua de la priority elimination, economic base in politics, immigration, provisional nexxt, repair in attitude, generals on Valley refugee. Given a sharp a at the situation, critical use alone, a mere a liar can associate it with their competence. A trans air, a a daily nouveau, Canadian keepo, said the competence Rico new, a limit on pratik new, some to pare down condom ed, say it is engineer. For example, the paper exercise layer, profession, Javaid on a circular Canada come travel to Caliphate in voir, Valhalla residence permanent, dr. salia, edit crypto Attica river favor is a legume unification familia chef, Aaron, Sorkin, etre system, threatened clarity, sake from faster persecution against civil news. Allow see axillary LaHaye, you know they serve. Even the general said. The chakra and study Oh Canada is a lousy father. Is a la patronage prevail, a refugee he done the be a mega-resort. Are poorly individual, la famille, apocrine ash government, l for Canadians to have faith in the immigration system? The rules have to be followed and the laws have to be enforced as Prime Minister. That's exactly what I will do, as I said, will close the loophole in the safe third country agreement will also hire 250 additional officers at the Canada services of the Canada Border Services Agency. This represents a 25 percent increase in our inland enforcement operation, which will strengthen law enforcement at the border, and we will deplore. We will deploy more judges of the Immigration and Refugee Board to the hotspots of illegal border crossers, so claims can be processed faster. We will also closely monitor those consider to be a threat for criminality, especially ms-13 gang members will establish immigration levels every year according to Canada's national and economic interests. Nothing else and my government will prioritize economic immigration, but a more vigilant immigration policy does not mean turning a blind eye to refugees, fleeing violence and persecution abroad. Quite the opposite, as Prime Minister I will improve foreign credentials recognition and help new Canadians with recognized skills to put them into practice. I will give those who enter Canada as low-skilled workers, a path to permanent residency with adequate wages and salaries. I will also facilitate family reunification and I will ensure that our system gives priority to those who face persecution or civil war will also accelerate the reunification of genocide. Survivors already settled in Canada, and we will do more to promote the private sponsorship of refugees, because we can do more for the most vulnerable if the government gets out of the way and works to better enable and support private sponsoring organizations. The government's own data shows that even more than a decade after they arrived privately sponsored refugees earn more and depend less on government than those who came through govern sponsorship. Can premier ministre je mint maintained la la politique, the federalism divert or sweeper Daniel Kumar conservator. She saw at Doncaster 24 representation de Provence or material democracia a on, particularly as cell, do good amount to Quebec so associate a majority mo francophone on America, the chemical I came across a Cordova clay zone in Grande protons on hombre, el profile, linguistic to say, cell key disease instil a solitary twat Jeff. We don't let volunteer the premiere is Lego Dexter, sacred autonomy, Dallas selection, at a condition, decay to say self, evil, emigrate or Quebec debate. Inclusive are back into her late amount of modification. The liqueur Canada Quebec saw immigration, she trained Rio, see can't say Oh Quebec, Collier la mejor, a today's entre illegal or Canada, a pretty specific mo Lord land wah ooh new neutral Vaughn present no use a table row of C in mechanism Africa's the collaboration, a decree province, a territoire for partridge, a la mayor information. Possibly surah is employed, dispo nibbler, don't they differ. Huh Marshall today OCAD a literally small D, McGraw economic, the only community hotel in awe dick he news alone. As Oracle a person kiss establish, don't evasion who have anodic only mimics the service. Come they cool down glare, you defroster Salonika, the record I saw state sake, a daughter service, poorly prove honorable company FEM le fait la Mantella community lgbtq la meilleure, façon por, la la situación, Ella frontier Sedalia, the Nouveau government, conservator, giver prendre, said situation, oh Syria, a Kiva, fair proof, the leadership por la regla, the block Craster no regard a Justin Trudeau continued a and, if being fair, Karla very table priority to block me pada. Her Glalie problem is not important. Zod québécois la priority to block a unique mounted cavalry avec la parti québécois. Poor girl is a super narrative. She secular, québécois ville in guru, Mukhi Vivaldi memory, take they say: Saguna ma who's ever lived on a Levant in October, crushing when it comes to immigration. The choice in this election is crystal clear: a reelected liberal government under Justin Trudeau. That will continue to ignore this critical issue, driving down public support for immigration and costing taxpayers millions, possibly billions of dollars more as more and more people enter Canada illegally or a new Conservative government that will enforce the laws at our border. Prioritize newcomers from violent and dangerous countries and restore Canadians faith in an immigration system that has served this country so well for so long. I've made my choice. I believe Canadians will make the same choice on October 21st. Thank you very much. Merci beaucoup Monsieur sheriff you can end up with neither even attack on the bloc québécois who can't snow Quebec. Sometime leave this attack upon train count, Lila Blackie be kalkaluru. Askew Santi can mount each bloc québécois and Monte bless. You can take if you think yet the type come Kennedy me with see compacta conservator. You know people disagree: okay, Beck, hello, sweet, confit, hunk, like québécois the war, coffee on stone, neutral party live event in October, Pascal, psychic network create a say: the ground will be playable table la ciudad jean, dolly posh. They québécois a Quebec was like pre-rotate, the Missy Blanchette say the trabeculae parti québécois Pulis sovereignty lay québécois Quebec was on Ference wah London yay - was a new vulgar mo a madness edit on poor neubel guru mo on evil. Feather hat give our own force a la nación. Quebec was a 20, as you see just become Fiona come back Daniela confidence. They gave a choir came across um excuse, xquery, to possibility the travailler, the caliber of a avec la bloc québécois had some interrupter just we concentrate so Levent in October, as you see constantly so a Sarika New Zealand alia in ground hombre. The deputy de Quebec Donner Party concentrates the same on pas. Si Mon consultation hi mr. shear David Cochran with CBC News. We're not gonna, get your platform today, tomorrow's debate day, so I don't think we're gonna see it. Then the advanced polling starts this weekend and you've promised to release it by the time that happens. So our Canadians gonna see you're fully costed platform on Friday. So I can assure you that Canadians will see our fully costed platform with plenty of time to make up their minds before they vote and again, I will contrast. Even today the Liberals have not released their platform. They claim to have released their platform, but their platform is not costed and a platform without costing is not something that Canadians have confident. It can have confidence in okay, but you said earlier in this campaign by advanced polling. Is that still your position? That's this weekend? Are we gonna see it this weekend? As I said, when we put forward our platform, it will be fully costed. We've gone through the PBL process. They've looked at all their announcements, Canadians can look at it, see exactly where we're going to leave more money in their pockets. They're gonna see how we're gonna cut corporate welfare and foreign aid to pay for the tax cuts. That will help Canadians get ahead and they will have that information with plenty of time before they vote and just one final point on that: will it have a fully detailed path to a balanced budget within five years? Will you show us through deficit targets and the spending reductions that have to be made to get there absolutely and we've already highlighted some of those measures like cutting corporate welfare and reducing Canada's foreign age aid budget by 25 percent? We don't believe that taxpayers dollars should be going to highly profitable companies or being sent through foreign aid to relatively well-off countries. We're going to leave that money here at home in the pockets of Canadians. We are we on the mantra of Canadian at women in bhujette équilibre, on a Dasia I, don't say a calculator come Lilly Menashe on the envy, a goose egg, Milly added a lot. The super awesome cooperative, a OCD critics on the lead acknowledge a perv innocent person good morning, Mr Shearer, Kevin Gallagher, with CTV national news I'd like you to comment on the Global Mail story today that says your campaign manager, the company he co-founded has taken contracts to run ads for both the Conservative Party and for a large oil and gas lobby. Now, there's concerns that this could violate Elections Canada law. How can you reassure voters that your campaign is not in violation of new Elections Canada illegal standards? Well, quite the contrary, we actually have a ruling a decision by Elections Canada that states that it's it's it's per its allowable for vendors to have contracts with, with with two different advertisers during the last Parliament, your government I should say criticize Bill Morneau on more than one occasion for having a conflict of interest because of his handling of the financial portfolio and his family holdings. How can you assure Canadians that your campaign manager is not at a conflict of interest when the campaign he works for is paying a contract to a company? He founded what's quite clear, the our campaign manager has taken a leave and is not involved in the day-to-day decisions of that company and again, as I mentioned, Elections Canada has already made a decision on this about the allowability, the permissibility of vendors, having different contracts from different different advertisers. They're, not a conflict of interest, sir, because his company's financially benefitting from the party that he's running a campaign for but, as I said, not at all he's taking a leave of absence during and prior to. Oh, we know that's exact lilyc stay in Canada at Asian, ProSource Ettinger, say permissibly Paul, Avon daredevil. They contract back the who's. Your advertiser, a lady after the natural campaign pre in and absence to set position, hi mister shear, Tom Perry, with CBC News you're. Talking about renegotiating the safe third-country agreement. You've got a government in Washington that is clamping down on refugees. What are you gonna offer Donald Trump the US administration to accept really more refugees. What how do you get them to agree to renegotiating this well I believe it's in both countries. Mutual benefit to have this situation resolved on a bilateral basis. That is our preferred option. We do believe that it is in both our country's best interests. It is not. It does not serve. People who are crossing into Canada does not serve. Canada does not serve the United States well to have this type of situation. I am optimistic before that that could be resolved as the original safe third country agreement was signed in the first place, and that is our preferred course of action. Of course, we will explore other options, but that is our our first course of action. What other options I mean your preferred option? What other options are there? Well, you know we can apply the principles of the safe third-party agreement at at other points along along the border as well. Can you do that? Unilateral, unilateral well, as I said, our preferred course of options to do this is to resolve this in partnership so that both countries can ensure that that personal security that the health and well-being of people coming through is resolved, but, as I said, there are other options, are other tools available to the government. That will also be exploring this. At the end of the day, we have to restore Canadians confidence in this on this issue. There are people in other countries who are now facing longer backlogs for applications because of this situation, and Justin Trudeau has done literally nothing over the past two years, - more than two years to resolve this issue. I'm francais, we know not to have a new preferable, say the d'ivoire in in a new void in insurance to the dollar on tone. Don't release it as a nearly Canada. Myriad is otra opción on / septic septic le le principe, don't set downtown Alessandra pound our door to the left front yeah and if you'll just indulge me one more. Why are you mentioning as 13 today? Well it's quite clear that when people come across the border that that it's it's difficult for law enforcement here to know exactly who they are? And we do know there are reports of people who have entered into Canada with criminal records or who have been identified as being members of criminal organizations. So we want to make sure that when people come into Canada, we are putting the safety and security of Canadians first, that is paramount, and people who have engaged in dangerous or violent activity in the past should not be in Canada hi. Mr. Schurr Mercedes Stevenson, Global, News Harjit Sajjan speaking in his capacity of defense minister, responded to the global news story about the military looking to pay less into provincial health care for their members to use the system. He says that the provinces are taking advantage of the military by charging them out of province, rates that are 2.5 to 3 times higher than people who live in the provinces, even though the military live in the provinces. Do you think it's fair for the provinces to be charging military members more than other people who live in the province? What I, don't think is fair is that quietly on the just before an election, a change is made to this arrangement that significantly affects the ability for our veterans and our men and sorry for our men and women in uniform to receive care that is not fair and to have this kind of cut. That will have an impact not just on our our men and women in uniform, but also on healthcare systems in provinces across the country. That is extremely unfair and it's another example. How Justin Trudeau is such a hypocrite running around the country, raising the specter of cuts and it's actually in the reality is his government is engaged in these types of cuts, cutting health care services to our men and women in uniform to our armed forces, personnel and creating pressure on angel healthcare departments. But do you think that the provinces are ripping the military off? Is this a cash cow for them? Look I I think it's important that the federal government live up to its obligations when they enter into these types of arrangements. It's important for them to uphold it and the fact of the matter is they are now creating an increased pressure on provincial health departments and on the ability for our armed forces personnel to receive the care they receive. That's unacceptable. Justin Trudeau has had ten point: five million dollars for Omar Khadr. He has millions of dollars to fight our veterans in court, but when it comes to ensuring that our armed forces personnel have the ability to get the care that they need, he seems to be. You know he starts shortchanging them. That's hypocritical! That's unacceptable! If you become Prime Minister, will you commit to increasing funding to military health services? I am committed to ensuring that our armed forces personnel get the health care that they deserve, that they have the highest access to health care services across the country. Motorama sheer plan internalize Canadian dance, Campuzano zeros, apparently, the desert still in Nevada migration pathways be Kelly, but but but positions kalenna voting YES on top LJ s, Kevin air disco, key format, refrain limits on the masks. Honor, dr. Kahn's dogon mask assisted lan-evo, dois, etre Bazzi, so nobly economic L, not nobis. When Paula croissants, the the population Geneva pas, pull a haste on politic. President Le Chiffre, pure blue elevate, need to improve as a base AOC Allah, Allah everywhere and Evo buzzy, sorely laid oniy about this. Only from SEO basics or Labor's, rented a trapeze, a sale, a message, or should we not a specific date, so she pursues estimate Linville, Nizam, poor, no character, no si se Donnelly future on the ass you're awake. The Lacanian of our confidence can not no no Sibley, somebody sorely proof. So, ladies may I can a mixer Dave is my buddy sort of popular songs, m'kay, so pop service goes every man's journey. D'amelio villa reconnaissance dates it this ecology, Epicurious, a la cama, cama who's, not a defense opus. Couldn't past incompetent, specially dude, a passerby Devdas a professional is the original emotional load. We are being Syria, beaucoup, don't set us back. He sued the jurisdiction, probably comes a to Rhodesia respect liberally, something competence, promise yet. May your quacky c'est important pour and communistic lava Assam Levesque, Lee premier -, that's a premier, ministre Becker and situational economically and penny early diminutive. Clearly, Scecina problem, you'll, see Canada's engineer, climate sale, a regional traffic in the petrodollar professional, say: suburban pool economy. Superb on Paul is immigrant me ma'am a largest, be comfy. On correctly the promised to be the solution. Poor, poor, Greg Lisa professor, could, if s only the program for the Health Department immigration key key-keeper a day they they processes, Paul, Hawken, essence being surly Adi the junkie to our rondalee. They prove this exam. A really fast. On the government. Federal put up. We in system poor reckon led to program a sushi chef, el piojo, the rapid, don't yet there's a surah Fateha ecology. The juicy avoid the probably solitary twice Canseco minjoo surveyed the past Batman Arkham ask us about convert from Allah as lettuce, yonder, Jews support egg Laila problem down a cool term. Ultimately boo, add related problem in for Portis oppressor, say we don't on a path of a powerful mmm. Nebo may see a sincere the war in the leisure Deschanel, but come on sailor processes, pretty Pascal as imama later on, ki Aviv, not only DeMar DeMar, poor memory, premier adapt on a processors. This is a very acceptable yo, Silla factor. Morally kupatana LED opa exterior to UCLA tax cap. One effect he hedged an odyssey. The material is a federation, mathematic excursus commuters, the map type. They see directly the problem and associated chemically, so people took the see in the control in a few minute. Walk in solitary one Pascal shows clay did not renounce the limit elimination. The vein stank poor, sound late at home share, say exact, mo Pascal, very sick person to the delayed international vol au. Lait pay ready to have more revenue, elevate, Alvaro, see done, A+ Paul, a pay, the popover Allah say a vac Liz invested small poor development, international international dollar, peak email read the blue, compare correctly the premium eresource may memc and fester on dois really sale effect. She said situation back continue a there's. No, that continued the entree oak, another illegal, more something we are portrayed on little to repay me see me for the kennedy enchiridion. They can't elaborate regulator, problem ec rfrontier sure. So it's a very good question, because it allows me to further further highlight our announcement on foreign aid spending. What we said is that we will cut 25% of the foreign aid budget, but in addition to that, by refocusing away from countries that are relatively well-off that have relatively high income levels and development levels, we are going to repurpose some of that funding precisely into countries that are facing humanitarian crises or have extreme levels of poverty. That will, of course, alleviate some of the pressure by improving living conditions in countries where people are currently leaving to come to Canada, but we must realize that it, even with increased development aid. The only way to stop this problem is to stop the flow of illegal border crossings right here at the border, and that is why this announcement also contains a focus on ending the loophole in the safe third country agreement and he Blachford Canadian Press, sir you've said Canada's relationship with China needs a reset, but you haven't given details which specific steps would you take to reset the relationship and would that involve asking for a meeting with president G? Well, everything we do with the government of China right now must be done with within the backdrop of two Canadians who are being held in in extremely difficult conditions, who have who are being detained without any justification. That will be my that will be what guides me and my relationship with the government of China I have already called for the government and as Prime Minister I will send the signal to the government of China that we will stand up for ourselves by pulling funding from the Asian infrastructure bank I called on the government to send a complaint on on the on the trade file to the WTO much much earlier. They took nine months. I would never have waited that long and I will proceed with that. Aggressively I've also called for increased inspections on Chinese imports coming into Canada, which would have the dual goal of sending China the government to China a message, but also allowing Canadian Border Services agencies to crack down on things like fentanyl coming into our into our community. So those are some of the measures. I've said that would send a signal to the government of China that we're going to take the situation seriously. We're gonna stand up for Canadians and Canadians interests and on the part about president G. Well, you know if there is, if there is a sign that he is willing to live up to international standards of justice and a meeting would help facilitate that, of course. That would be something that I would be interested in, but it must be done not just for optics. It must be done with a view to getting those two Canadians released. Would you would you we miss, say say, say an opportunity? Devar, you know crazy loose, you know, see save remedy the situation. Paul a Canadian may pass Salman poreless, uptick, more premiere objectives, say the the the the bronzer leader Canadian kiss on Oklahoma mo Impreza nape a legume on the scene, Vetrov Isola Liberty, the Liberty sir. Would you work to reset relations with Saudi Arabia, even after the Khashoggi killing and concerns about Canadian made military vehicles? And how would you go about it well, I'm, always very concerned by the abuse of human rights in Saudi, Arabia I believe the best thing we can do to show this. The governor of Saudi Arabia that we take. These things seriously is to stop buying things from Saudi Arabia when Canadian consumers dollars goes to Saudi Arabia. That does more to support that regime than anything else, and that is why a part of the principle part of the the motivation behind our national energy quarter is precisely to get Canada off of foreign oil and specifically Saudi oil. That's coming in to refineries in New, Brunswick, merci beaucoup! Thank you very much. You.