Abigale Beeman is traveling with the liberal campaign and joins us now. Abigail Robin the day before a debate is often a quieter one. On the campaign trail Justin Trudeau picked a rural riding within three hours of Ottawa to plant trees and highlight the liberal promise to plant two billion trees in the next ten years, and this riding is a notable one. Hastings Lennox and Addington is traditionally conservative territory. The Liberal incumbent won at last time by 225 votes. One of the tightest races in the country and polling suggests it's likely to go to the Conservatives this time around. Sending Trudeau here shows the Liberals are pushing to hold on to it, and this is part of a trend across the country. Voters in larger cities tend to vote liberal those in rural ridings vote conservative. We move forward with a Minister for rural economic development, bourbon and Bernadette Jordan to make sure that rural Canadians have a seat at the table and see exactly what investments we've been making we care I would say that this Prime Minister is brought about more positive change for rural Canadians than any Prime Minister has in living memory and I know, because I was the guy doing the asking the Liberals were also on the defense today over a candidate in Atlantic Canada, who had to apologize after his past sexist and racist comments on social media surfaced. Conservatives have been passing this image around where Jaime batiste wrote. Why do I assume every skinny Aboriginal girl is on crystal meth or pills? I asked Trudeau? Why an apology is enough when the Conservatives just got rid of a candidate on the other side of the country. For her offensive comments, he gave one of the shortest answers on this campaign. Mr. batiste took responsibility for his actions and apologized I also asked Trudeau whether his own history, with the black faced controversy, limits the actions he can take against other candidates. He didn't directly answer after this, the Liberal leader will focus on debate. Prep tomorrow will be the first and last time Justin Trudeau squares off against the other leaders in English.