Wasn't alone that kelp lizard $8 - Alana Asian Quebec added to discourage internal contacts exceptional he to own it see poor Polyakov with swagger come over to Isaiah Davis theory, the continuing Davis silver, if I mean, is any junkie members 1e poor, the needy base. They put up your income funny conservator usual chief, apparently they're, not a barrister, people. If a me Mason example, the tool more surely given up a she stopped. I am I, give up fabula premier case Mandela the revenues to visually Gagne, just reported pussy its receptacle, a cool moonlit class Moran Chesapeake, upon whom you're not askin sick, David, still document. Those ones lab here in case have ID'd amid CP existent. Allow the buspar any obvious over Bay City fact: geology lab the event. Thank for some DC tourism is a Vesuvio total havoc, Nadezhda pool ill effects of cellular are muy, millisecond, Allah or infamy TCP on seeker city's investment important, you know: Eddie, defending a police any unit on kinda, the Davis surplus knowledge, a Jim, Duron, Tabak possibilities, - Aviva, augment events across non-skid on ha diversity. Rub me: Dolores Bharani only to Silla pop initial allocation, Canadian Muzaffar shots. It was Samuel, Avila poverty, a travelinv over automotive case possum infestation, belief, a McEwen of on sue. The owner owner fill a decision. Captain Davis Silverleaf Emmie Davis. Still an a-class Miyoung sit down plane, the you read: the book is returned, not Samuel. That's unsorted affirmative code, Academy as any the only Suzy he was a leader mignon up one signature shows called work on silly little swag like a la base de putte, conservator, 8, plus infamy. If a cat, sawmill de la Mer honey, confer me if a cow, you will see, don't need a stable relationship become something silica. Sauce economics uses sermon on every system. An affirming the manifesto fantastic level civically conservator about along even coming up, shows conservative survive dealing minute. The plan will be armies here for critical patients. Mathematic now Lisa Canada, the only people of Commerce are banished on the Avenue me plastic users, unique mercy, solar protection, nausea, the passage, the purpose on the value called fatty, G, super sure, heartburn and cut offs for some gorgeous cat. Come on adult affair. This ephemeral continuing for at intervention for some DiNozzo Venson Cosentino tire deceived irrelevance over connect of Ayaka over course. We the best dealership, what's your electric as Yahoo initial avec Samuel, are fully famous velocity. Only Park Lane, David silver Lily, -, Ian, Donnis infrastructure, iake Becky have to be fuckin, sick, small casbah, collective c-c bond for a java, Hawaii fashion, photographer momento, finish: wa kunu furs: oh, oh doctors, liberal city davis, ce soir, cafe the batsman's avatar and russia salut still ET e Cooper la-based a pool premier Nazi. It's a partnership on a design. Stephen Harbour is awesome. Yeah, but down the hoof. Neoga really happy to be here in Quebec today an opportunity to talk about how we're lowering taxes for the middle class with a measure that makes sure that no one has to you don't have to pay taxes on the first fifteen thousand dollars of revenue you make, but only if your middle class are working hard to join it. Our tax break will not give assent to the wealthiest Canadians. Unlike Mr Shearer and his conservative universal tax cut, which benefits more a family. That's making four hundred K a year, the one that's making forty K a year- that's not right, but it's what the Conservatives do: austerity cuts and tax breaks for the wealthiest. On top of that, we recognize that the Conservatives are gonna rip up the best environmental plan Canada has ever had. They will show no leadership on the environment and Quebecers, and indeed all Canadians know that the only way to build a strong economy for the future is to fight climate change. At the same time, that's exactly what we've done for four years recognize, there's much more to do, and that's what we're going to do. Well, certain companies there lately seat over to a Quebec results. You should carry resolute I think there is nothing about having the dual citizenship that should disc, why anyone disqualify anyone from being a politician, but I do think that you have to be honest with Canadians when you're applying for a job to be Prime, Minister, 37 million, Canadians I. Think that's what Mr Shearer has an answer for Joe pasca said the skin tra kalkaryn keychain Lukas Frye. Indeed, the Daphnia policia response key to hide on the right from a very courageous cut off education for now personality this, where I do for Matthew McCauley can I give you a mohawk. English was obsessed with a certain question for legally required ECD. This is a thank the truth for tonight become responsibility. There are four to variability Canadian security to receive an English. You share the variable in circuit shown me. Your follow-up I took responsibility for the mistakes I've made in the past I apologized for them Mr Shearer. That continues to not take responsibility for his choices in the past. His actions of the past, his mistakes of the past and that's a question for him. Would you be responsible people miss Evans, bossy, long, barbecue, Canada chemistry here, the responsible people since his actions, passive, no shows good staff, his own humor who's. The fire are concerned that none of the parties have comprehensive strategies or specific plans to create prosperity and economic growth by supporting the growth of homegrown innovators. What are your plans to improve access to domestic economies to capital markets? Actually, we made significant commitments in our platform to continue on the work that we've been doing investing in the economy of tomorrow. We have put forward opportunities for access to capital from EDC for $2,000 a year. We've made sure that advice and services are accessible free of charge on growing your businesses from BDC. We've also made sure that there is greater access to capital for companies to scale up, because we know that we're competing in a global environment as we've continued to invest in the economy of tomorrow, whether it's artificial intelligence or robotics we've continued to make sure that we're putting Canadian opportunities at the forefront. We've done on an awful lot over the past four years, but we fully recognize there's more to do it's not the time to go back to the kinds of cuts and austerity that the Conservatives always propose. We need to continue to invest and ensure that our entrepreneurs and our small businesses are successful. Team are aware about why you left one point great private school midway through your teaching term in 2001. He tossed why he left I moved on and I have great memories of an excellent time. Teaching in a second efficiency be performed a yoga Julie partager yeah demo, your activity, buku buku, the desert region in beaucoup de question me like asian kilocalories of Telefunken, a geometrical example. Suppose a seeker asked its column for the found, a loved one called Mira. You can relate back to Dan monkeyville him until it was a fam estivate la what they found did. What a firm called the mountain proper party given limited, lacks Alabama Susilo question Phyllis Andhra to have suppose a margin. Tito's of Santa Kira, just read: post WA a person in the pub, and they found a plain mallet. What the fam the police were present. People about Sevilla I think one of the things that Mr Shearer is recognizing, as he should have been much clearer earlier with Canadians about his personal anti-choice convictions. I would have avoided a lot of speculation. A lot of dragged-out questions now that he has Canadians have a choice to make if it's important to them to have someone who will stand up for a woman's right to choose. They know that perhaps mr. Chuck Mr Shearer, even though he has said that he he you know, wouldn't change the laws as written. Will he defend women's right to choose against the international forces and even the people in Canada who want to take away those rights, including candidates within his own party I, have made it very very clear. I am always happen pro-choice and anyone who wants to run for the Liberal Party of Canada needs to be ready to defend a woman's right to choose unequivocally. That is what people know they get if they vote for the Liberal Party. That's not what they're getting if they vote for the cause. I gotta do something. If they deliver party food, is pizza 22 the phenomena on any other program extra more efficient? So me Kapiolani y una, parte de parte de una caja in septic shock or delay, so news anchors, Mallika, Raja Jana, even on toxic nerve, some milk, a son la Parvati, don't was a meal of honor - voila que hace. Oh the food Armenian employer at reveille, PE the prepare a table on a scimitar glass or block you fuckin, a protocol or governor Markell idea for a TV ad abusive compost, tea conditions, multimatic Mitt, Romney idea, dearest uncle in Omaha it'll kill you John for fast Escobar code. Sinewy Devin see the fastest way: scope of venir a la Hache harper dodged austerity in the coop you propose. Mr. shear is only keep conservation. Some of them are doing. It almost doesn't have syphilis Canadians a meaty community. That's an enema, so cool memo, New Melones de la Vida, cogitate, absolument who's, one may affiliation EDP mercy hands account. Yeah una llamada come around dead at Arkham, Oh, pussy elephant Emma me a favor just watchin fam equals original Papa z, dokkan fashion, alabaster, aqua, Poornima, I'll call it usual and Allie Brosh watching in 2011 I, said clearly that I was and always would be pro-choice but I. Also in a context where I was talking about my own personal personal faith, Express, something that I no longer believe I, don't think it is actually coherent or consistent for someone to say that they are approach, particularly a man, to say that they are pro-choice, but don't like abortion I, don't like my evolved past. That particular perspective. I continue to be and will always be fully approached ice, but I no longer feel that I can or need to say that I'm against abortion. That's not for me as a man to immediately see on the Mellon's repeal. This is your chef son. He never had they found plena lead. What, if am professor present, is solid silver, hello, nipple, summative, very rapid MA, as mamala Ishiguro remotely to see absolument pulse while the truth of the found valid. What is so yeah she did. Mr. Trudeau did you sign a dog no, and why did you have it because I was moving on in my career? Requires the companies take down people's feet within 24 hours. Party would like to use self-monitoring by companies which hasn't been very effective so far as part of the Christchurch call Canada recognized in the work we've done with our partners. Internationally. There is much more to do to eliminate violence, terrorism and hatred from the internet. We have begun to work with the big Internet companies to move forward on creating better mechanisms for that, and we hope to be able to work with them, because they have actually laid out that they want to do much more to remove hate, intolerance and violence from from their pages and from their responsibilities. We will work with them and we are very confident that we're going to be able to get not just that 24-hour mark, but much quicker than that. We hope to work with the with the with the companies, along with our international partners, but as necessary will we breathe. We will bring in stronger beginning very possibly lisanna Quebec Conklin. I can point step of town UK, u n-- economy, first, to talk what is or not a weekly cost of another Monsieur Shearer yeah Oh currently for LG petitioner continues: Martin educational contents, a severe local news alone, tank associated in the world, a party conservator us Kadima, the met our plan responsible here at least poor conditions. Mikey Mikey of a Michaela come here shows keep on fire, see see this year, healer plan actual eliminator plans, yet Japan's, Casa de Klerk, not a part. The consumer still don't have near done. If I me miss Chiaki back yet have a loopy ciske believe the life of towns don't buy a traumatic dirt that yo excuse. Eleanor Ciaran see doozy. Only today the first campaign at Rivera people failed grants. Even man, wanna mehndi, is something easy for the million person. For this event, mo e honor fillers were that were pleased equipment may owner HD. The GG carbon took not transpose the contrast. A biblical conservative key, very destroyed affect California, shows keep on fire survive. The D limine no plan in the plan on plus four combinations. Mathematic evil destroyed a hopeless party, no papa Aled conditions, monochromatic Filippo la have young warlock Transpo. You know, but due to a sh t, the kids Ichabod allah, wa ni'ma snivel, America distractions on us I'll plant, a seed, our neighbor, properly the love below khyativada conditions. Mathematic in this open train tertiary, the fellow minimum. Oh no, a vessel, the Dominions. No, the million dollar travel, will be a large bird abused, wa tsuyoku, ect Thank You, Minister Fahmy illegal activity, affarin Hawaii, exceptional, just ramana's Ebola over constrain FST down a large mob of table tennis master xu 9, lakh, cellular Schmoe volitional heavily on a piercing. It isn't an addict nerve province it. What is 12 Oh, Navin, Sava Quebec may only lope or Avis Syriana Sparrow, supposedly a police direction. Only tea brush a police direction system; well, Nova, ppl. On what constantly diversity the conservator for daughter show is in service. In Disney, a small pool, a large man owns equally Jean Yawkey Becky oak oklahoma, pew metaplasia, vasiliki tonton, the Mennonites to xian avec la compagnie posted a corner in solution city in instruction, extrema complication, conservative on a novel -. Only alpha a levy, work, lemare, ela prevents autopsy. Misko baba are available solution, Paula, villager, Quebec, honk, honk, el puente de Botton. She only with see sis 4, +, nani project relation quebec, nurses, focus depression, kernels in problem of course, avatar only low patent area, Danny's investment in infrastructure, see Luca Navy found in Castle Rock important affair daily signal: a community we Tokido fire loss, J Dilla, Cooper momentum, co-evolved Oh c-come on a pure one, CLE for Amelia the larger the project structure on earth can we for for for Quebec for a while. Our plan, our project, Coco, Oprah, Popkin, positio, serious ooh, Roger tin, exist. Remember: Joe, Pesci, akka, Allah, Masha, Allah, Masha, Allah, Masha, Allah, Strela, poet, patent Airport to the purity level. A province only love a pattern. An overpass was no see so our project in exist oppose the sexually conservative service led to a period a literal, C classic miss corner panel. This another Harper since Susan this manifesto to new constitutional law for a patent area, so lonely priority the municipality in lava, vena cava he thought about. Can you give us your reaction to mr. shears? Mr. Trillo DOP reaction to mr. shears new slants for guns, the gang Mr Shearer, wants to weaken, gun control. We want to strengthen Mr Shearer wants to weaken, gun control. We want to strengthen gun control. Mr. schirra feebly, air control is out my you.