Thank you very much for joining me here today, as I unveil our platform, my plan to help you get ahead and, unlike Justin Trudeau's so-called plan, this has been fully costed by the Parliamentary Budget Officer. This is a fully costed platform with all the numbers. Now, throughout this campaign and thro, my travels I've been constantly reminded that Canadians are truly the most fortunate people in the world. We are the keepers of a proud history. We have fought and help to defeat forces of tyranny and help to bring peace around the world. We are the protectors of a rich democracy, one rooted in a commitment to pluralism, personal freedom and individual responsibility. We are the stewards of breathtaking natural beauty right here on the Pacific to the Arctic to the Atlantic I believe Canada's potential is as fast as the distance between our shores. I believe our best days yet are still ahead, but we have to change. Of course, now four years ago, Justin Trudeau came to office on a promise, sunny ways and positive politics. He spoke of his hopeful vision for the future, but it didn't take long for his professed optimism to give way to outright cynicism for his commitment to unity to dissolve into divisiveness. The last four years have clearly demonstrated the Justin Trudeau is not as advertised. He said he would be accountable and ethical. Instead, he has used the power of his office to reward his supporters and punish his critics. He said he would help the middle class. Instead, he raised taxes on 80% of middle-class Canadians and imposed a carbon tax. That's making everyday life more expensive. He said he would balance the budget instead. He's running massive deficits that threaten higher taxes and importance of social programs like health care under Justin Trudeau canes are working harder and harder, but they're just not getting ahead and I hear it everywhere. I go everything is getting more and more expensive, there's less and less money left at the end of the month. Your goals are getting further out of reach and you're falling further and further behind what I'm here today to say that better days are coming and that on October 21st you'll have the chance to end Justin, Trudeau's, cover-ups deficits and tax hikes and elect a Conservative government that will finally help you get ahead throughout the campaign. I have announced several new ways. My government will lower taxes and put more money in the pockets of Canadians, and today I want to highlight what that will mean for three different families. Many Canadians will be able to relate to consider the example of a retired couple living right here in to Wasson. Under our conservative plan, they will get two thousand five hundred and eighty dollars back in their pocket every year to help them get ahead. Who example identify me: the Catholic Yentl sake, I'm, okay, yeah and I fainted, any a Nouveau, Googler, mom conservator, or have they meet Catalunya? This song cannot do that a dance, a posh or the example of a family of four. Soon, to be five in Montreal, a new Conservative government will put four thousand six hundred and forty two dollars back into their pockets and one final example family of four. In marker each year, this family will have three thousand two hundred and sixty four dollars more to put towards its future. We're the only party with a plan focused on you and on your needs, we're going to start by scrapping the Trudeau carbon tax that is making everyday essentials more expensive for Canadian families, Justin Trudeau is re-elected. Gasoline is going to go up thirty one cents a litre. Well, the average costs of natural gas for Canadian household is going to increase by four hundred and sixty nine dollars. A new Conservative government will also introduce the universal tax cut, saving a couple earning average salaries. Eight hundred and fifty dollars we'll take the GST off of home heating costs, saving your family over $100 a year. We will introduce the green public transit tax credit. Saving a family of four who take transit up to a thousand dollars will make maternity benefits tax-free, putting up to four thousand two hundred and fifteen dollars back in the pockets. New parents will introduce the children's fitness tax credit, allowing parents to claim up to a thousand dollars for sports activities, we'll also introduce the children's arts and learning tax credit, letting parents claim up to five hundred dollars for arts and learning programs. We will expand the aged credit, benefiting the lowest income Canadians the most and giving a senior couple up to three hundred dollars back. Will boost government matching to re SPS by fifty percent, helping parents get more for their kids education and will introduce the green home renovation Tax Credit, putting up to three thousand eight hundred dollars back in their pockets in the pockets of families doing their bit to fight climate change by making their homes more energy-efficient, still alive, pass a second paying idea or Kennedy a goken again could to Verbier it protect workers, say, look I'd, also, morality, justice, ooook, early junkie, knowledge, a Medusa prayer to pay the larger new sink yet had decreed lessons. There are factual digital, we don't know. Ecotec means this. We see police on campus Wayne the superior they jockey for to. Are they a university to be your mantra like how many for paying a factor at all, Mickey, not Eve, mu, Larry, look good again, Dolly's a spy, they have some $2 Pluto. They pay hockey the scoop this far come. They me a lift as a sumo. Those amazed on the window stood that of our force of our come all involved in here. Just kind of thing do one knuckle platform consummate wrists, a plane to Messer conquer, give on a deal if any Canadian upon ye. They are plenty fee for a venir. It can't say mo, as you stand to know new cellphone combi same as your could they do venir large on Justin Trudeau, on the other hand, has spent this campaign telling Canadians how great everything is going and perhaps in his world. It is I have no doubt that people who have never had to worry about money aren't concerned over the high price of gasoline or the utility bill or their mortgage rate, but I'm here for the people who just need a break. The people who are doing everything right going to university, getting a good job working hard paying their bills on time, but who still can't seem to get ahead in life whose hopes and dreams keep getting further and further away. The parents who sit around the dinner table, like mine, often did in a townhouse in South Ottawa, stressing over how they will make it to the end of the month. Our conservative platform is full of real, concrete measures that will help Canadian families save and plan for the future and I'm like Justin Trudeau. We know how much it will cost and where the money is going to come from. Our platform has been verified by dr. Jackman's president's fellow at the University of Calgary School of Public Policy, who says this fiscal plan is reasonably estimated, resulting in a budgetary balance in five years. Our goal, this election is clear: a new Conservative government that empowers Canadians to build a brighter future. This in itself is a worthy goal, but ultimately it's part of a larger vision. Canada's success depends on Canadians success and Justin. Trudeau's. Small, petty vision of Canada of region against in Provence against Provence and Canadian against Canadian is unworthy of this great country. We'll return to the optimism and vision of Canada's greatest leaders, dreamers like Sir Danny, McDonald unifiers, like Sir Wilfrid, Laurier builders like John Diefenbaker in Nouveau, given our console to Vaseline atropine dono, see our loader for rail, Co, calcio, Shaw's devil and be prosperity offered a possibility. Sir kill a fish in pea, pacification, plié, passé, a pally leave them all in paper for a puny ding the circus on the new ever new, a Khmer heat nose alpha if it isn't fun on Tonka Canadian, Canadian new Devon commence a walk around and you devolved affair awesome. The potency of the network, a limited usable to four ratio, and you form guru, Mukhi new pair metal affair, Pat and guru monkey news a class. This election is about the future of your family in the future of our country. A new Conservative government will bring our country together from coast to coast in pursuit of something bigger than ourselves, a prosperous country that offers opportunity to all who seek it. A peaceful country that allows people to worship think and speak freely. A stronger, more united country worthy of those who came before us and that our children and grandchildren deserve as Canadians I want us to start dreaming big again, I want us to start dreaming together, we can be a country of yes again, yes to big ideas, yes to big projects that create prosperity and bring our country closer together. Our country's potential truly is boundless. We have everything we need to succeed. What we need is a government that empowers us not diminishes us. This election is about the future of your family in the future of our country, and the choice is between a Justin Trudeau led government that divides Canadians. For short-term political gains and a new Conservative government that brings Canadians together the choice between a Justin Trudeau led government that favors its well-connected friends and a new Conservative government that works for all Canadians. The choice between a justin, trudeau, led government that cut steels for the millionaires who run billion dollar companies and gives massive massive exemptions to the largest emitters and a new Conservative government that puts everyday Canadians. First, the choice between a Justin Trudeau led government that makes life more expensive and a new Conservative government that will make life more affordable. Cinema more shares. A me to the mama de tournay, La Paz or cat lounge, the negativity, a false promise. A Tonka Kennedy led a new divan regard, a veil, a veneer, the coffee, Oz, the optimism zealot on the Nouveau Google mark, conservator, Kiva, viva la salon; same way: a metro to Durant on voltage for Cove, Louisville, FME, Ella Canada. We say Mi Rae, but recorded yet. So the time has come. My friends, it's time to turn the page on four years of negativity and broken promises as Canadians. It's time for us to look to the future. Once again, with confidence and optimism, it's time for a new Conservative government that will live within its means put more money in your pockets, so you and your family and ultimately Canada can get ahead. Merci, beaucoup, thank you very much. You're planted balanced in 2024 does rely on reduced interest payments to help get you to balance, especially in the last few years. Do you believe that there's enough buffer built in and what happens, if you don't form it? A second majority government? Well, absolutely I do believe. There's enough buffer built in this is a responsible plan with prudent framework, and you hit the nail on the head. We believe that it's much better to have Canadians tax dollars going into better services or freeing up space for the government to cut taxes, then to be paying interest on the debt and, under the liberal plan, more and more of your tax dollars going to pay just interest on the debt. Their plan doesn't give us anywhere any flexibility. If we do had into a difficult difficult situation, iris dies, we allowed my in from CUDA a responsible a same year. The world ironic, the contragravity Oh mayor service for the bass temple the pale interest to the death, a laid-back and also saving from Buddhist Messiah yeah. Well, this is about developing that exact strategy and bringing experts together, as well as those responsible for provincial health departments to develop strategies for enhanced care for best practices and and things of that nature. So this is a way the government can play a leadership role and bringing all of those stakeholders together. Parents as well to determine the best way forward to make sure that children with autism have the very best care and have the best possibility to maximize their potential and to get the help they need. Looking at us and Sue Netflix, this little cozy lat Oh pops up a corporate tax. The round and is among the original passes. It is happening. The leach TV scale, la Netflix in it had found a home to drop. A TPS tons is Kelly Canadian without lipid from Canada Nell votive wall or go collect in a TPS, hello, Jessica, senator Wolk, reviewed natural system and the tax say clear, concluded discharge a software platform, numeric ya beaucoup. They this any computer network economy, assume Allah Allah, say, said unfortunate amount of a goddess at SATA spectra, mayority impound, the tax aaj on the web chorus or a compiler, their power I, Thomas, Lee, Miller, Arden economy. The candles, if vocal, paler polish wha a class through lately Bridget I, was a ballad Shweta. Do we do Canadians? Well, did if you sit heirs were unlucky, are you don't connect it as I can possibly takes to see in clown face, possibly all the protege Lee service public over continuing the art. Multi is your second should really liver over si. The trailer para o the mania latest is no laser market. Asean poorly service, prasanta, a poor educational program, socio Kamsa se s on serum kaigu, Rama yeah, don't print a larger. They control a delay feature per country. We have a people, improve their Jean for linter head so that a vector grounded into the event of a gem, a equilibrium position. Okay, uncle T na na apprentice to see any constable su c FS, myself, yeah, oaken, personal Canada Oh, confer me keep on kissing. It may, in fact sound Aviva, polio problem. You prepare doctor, please Anwar a responsibility tomorrow, so say in in schwa, retractor oaken, equilibrio, clinically budget Arabic reliever all in progress massively conservative, I Mr Shearer Melanie woods, HuffPost Canada I in the platform in your leadership platform, you talk about restricting grant funding to universities that don't commit to free speech policies and we've seen the Chicago principles adopted by provincial governments in Alberta Ontario. How will universities you know, pass the tests at the federal level? Well, thank you very much for the question. I'm very proud of that aspect. In our in our platform, there are threats to free speech all over the world and in here at home as well, and that is why we will have a regime put in place that prioritizes federal spending, federal, grant contributions to universities that have taken concrete measures to protect free speech on campus. There are a number of different models that we are looking at. This will be done in conjunction with university officials. I've already had to started some of those consultations as leader. The opposition will continue those and ensure that students have the knowledge and the confidence that free speech is protected on campus and kind of. As a follow-up I know, a lot of the criticism of policies like the Chicago principles has been around human rights legislation. Existing human rights legislation, for example, NBC LGBTQ folks, are protected against harassment. Discrimination on campuses so would banning a anti-trans speaker from campus, for example, put a university at risk for funding as it. The goal of this program is to ensure that legitimate debate can be held. We've seen phenomena all over the world where, where where people are not able to to speak where events have been canceled, not because they violate any particular code of conduct or a university policy, but just simply because people protest it and then there are concerns raised about security, and things like that. So the goal here is to protect robust discussion, robust debate and and of course, the universities have the right and the obligation to ensure that students can take their studies and security and without a fear of harassment. But we also have to make sure that, especially on university campuses, which were founded to have those challenging ideas, challenged and robust debate that that can continue in Canada hi mr. schirra David Cochran, with CBC News. We've got about forty nine billion dollars in tax cuts and spending over five years in this plan and to get paid for that and get rid of the deficits about 67 billion in cuts in new revenue and delayed infrastructure spending. What do you say to the people? Look at the 53 million dollars in infrastructure delays and cuts and say you can't do this without slashing programs and cutting jobs. Well, because we've shown exactly where the money's come from. We are committed to increasing the transfer payments for health, education and social programs. That is a guarantee that, if that is costed and is outlined in this platform, we've said where we're going to get the money front, we're going to get it from corporate welfare, we're going to get it from foreign aid from countries relatively well-off countries that don't need Canadian taxpayers dollars. We're also going to eliminate things like March Madness, where the government departments spend hundreds of millions of dollars in the dying days of the fiscal year, we're going to and make sure that government real estate is allocated responsibly so that the government isn't wasting money with empty office space all over the country, we're going to protect core services. While we make government more efficient liberals measure success in government by how much money they spend. Conservatives measure success in government by actually getting results and it's essential that we do this, because the choice is clear. If we do not get back to a responsible plan for treating Canadian taxpayers dollars wisely, we will see those massive deficits threaten social programs and lead to massive tax hikes. This is the time that we can get back on track and avoid the Kathleen Wynne disastrous situation that Ontarians know all too well and that Canadians across the country have seen a wave of upon a large oval, cupola super-super non-cooperative of eliminate, very same person. They did it a eliminate, they chose come March Madness will a Department for the parsley million million dollar resort. Some ten million dollar a the latest video shows concern over mania protégée. We may see smoke all salty, illogical, CEO, missing Estancia responsible, but athletic lagron deficit and a / hani / Manisa see every sponsor a such men, vol 2 role, mmm direction, termination avec, the system, socio service, socio men, a say it is all my Testament attacks, a mistress your starting next year, right away, you're gonna start pushing off billions of infrastructure spending into the future to help you balance the budget, but a lot of that infrastructure money would be tied up in programs where there are agreements with provinces or with municipalities on multi-year funding going forward. So how do you expect them to respond to this sudden jolt of cash moving out of the the next five fiscal years? I reject the description of that. What we know and what the Parliamentary Budget Officer has said is that the Liberal government has no plan when it comes to infrastructure. They are that, most years, they laps up to 40% of the money that was earmark, projects aren't getting built, and so what we're saying is we're gonna, send this the same amount of money and we're gonna do in a responsible way we're going to respect all existing agreements for projects that have already been signed off on we're going to see those through and we're going to put in place a responsible plan that actually gets money out the door and shovels in the ground and- and that is clearly not that's. What not what is happening and the Liberals again will try to create fear where we're and and division over, something that is simply not true. This is their infrastructure plan has been a disaster. It has been widely condemned by fiscal experts and by municipal experts who are saying that it's not leading to the increased economic activity and the increased projects so we're going to keep the total amount of spending over a responsible period of time. So we stop boring billions and billions of dollars from taxpayers to a project he's on deja c'mon sake did I, you know totally different even to Google. You know that deep on sale mm more toward our John Doe, so many airproof responsible led rector parlament, a positive ID, Cleveland liberal in existe, a shock anurag, less craig-carroll person, - John, don't select a bleep app or a project, a pokemon, silly project, a lot of except law. The municipality remain provoked on fianc, continuing their fairies, invest a small dollar grant project a over a Sirico area daily predictor operatively million dollar the country album. As you just mentioned on our you on the question of existing projects, we have made specific commitments that we're already getting tremendous feedback from not just municipal leaders but also people who live in communities like the Massey tunnel replacement here in BC and like the expansion to the Ontario and young line in Toronto. So it's quite clear that with us with a Conservative Party, you actually get big projects going. You don't just get what the Liberals sandwiches are false promises without the shovels in the ground, Ian Bailey globe in the mail I wonder because we'll go back to infrastructure, given all the infrastructure means, especially here in the Lower Mainland. Why spend less? Why spend 18 billion dollars? It's not about it's, not about spending less. The total amount of spending continues at the same overall level, and we have to keep in mind. These are at record high levels. The previous Conservative government's spent billions of dollars increased spending on infrastructure to get these important projects built, and our plan maintains that overall budget amounts. So again the Liberals are going to try to say things that just aren't true and I will take no lessons from a party that hasn't even costed their own platform they're now going to try to cost our platform when they can't even provide costing for their platform. So I'm not going to listen to anything that they're gonna be saying today on our numbers. The promises are not being cost of some of these projects. So how will they get built again? I I reject the premise. This is an overall budget envelope that will keep that will continue to be maintained with the overall dollar amount. Is the exact same there's no reduction in the overall dollar amount. What we're saying is that we're going to make sure that projects actually get built and that's what the liberal governor has failed to do. The Parliamentary, Budget Office, said their plan didn't exist, that the projects aren't getting built, the money's not getting out the door, so we're going to make sure the money that does get it that actually goes out the door and gets these projects built. Oakland, plum tree project, the Commons, / yeah, okay, the benefits economic, Becker, County, VA benefits, economy, Quebec, the plan libera not lava, actual more real is a LaGrant project or a deal a premier oil callate DB per agent on a community part of Canada good afternoon, mr. chair Andrew, latin from true north. So your plan calls for balanced budget legislation, which seems to be based on the premise that a government can every year balance the budget barring unforeseen circumstances. Why then commit future governments to something that you're not prepared to do for five years? Well, it's an. We have a lot of work to do to clean up the liberal mess and we want to do it in a way that can allow existing core services to be strengthened. We're going to increase those investments in health care, education and social programs by at least 3% every year, while controlling the growth of government spending in other areas and by eliminating wasteful practices like March Madness, the public, the government hiring outside consultants spending hundreds of millions of dollars on outside consultants when they have expert public servants who could do the job within the federal departments and, of course, by ensuring that government real estate is managed much more efficiently and on the note of immigration. How are you going to under a conservative government, deal with the tens of thousands of asylum seekers that have already come in illegally, who are denied their claims and that's not eligible to stay well. Just this week, I made an announcement at Roxton Road, where we've seen tens of thousands of people cross into Canada illegally and I made the announcement that we would closed the loophole in the safe third country agreement would also increase resources for our border service agents that they can carry out judicial decisions and and decisions by by those who are hearing those applications and by increasing the number of judges who are hearing the cases in the first place. Mr. chair, this is a mantra and I'm from relevant. Now. As you know, there are less than nine days left in elections and we're already in the on 11th of this. We are already advanced pudding stage. Don't you think you're too late to announce your platform and my question is: is it a part of your strategy, or was it because of the pressure from the federal opponents who've been often asking you you've been doing it not at all. This was always the day that we had decided. We would bail our platform and, quite frankly, it was because we had so many good things to announce throughout this campaign. Even just yesterday, we announced further measures for helping those who are adopting children, even though it was it was the day before the advance polls. We still had great policies to announce. In fact, there are some policies in this platform that, because we have so many great ideas, we weren't able to get them all out before the platform launched, so I'll be highlighting them and next week watch heard. Can you be impressed? Mister sharing, which specific economic data points will tell you that your overall plan is working. For example, what are your targets for employment numbers wages, GDP growth? Well, we're gonna be looking at all of those things. As we implement this plan. We know that Canadians purchasing power will increase when they have more money put in their pockets. We we can expect a GDP growth as a result of of these measures, more money in people's pockets means more money at their disposal to to invest in their homes to invest in their children to basically spend as they see fit, and that's the biggest difference between liberals and conservatives. Conservatives believe that the dollar left in the hands of the hard-working taxpayer, who earned it, is always better spent than in the hands of the politician who tax it. So, of course, we'll be looking at things like GDP growth and employment numbers, and we believe that this is a much more responsible plan than endless deficits, endless deficits that mean higher taxes and when taxes go up to pay interest on debt. That is not good for the economy. At all that we got a truly shift from the GDP. They told the news on play. They all knew some coffee on Carl Honore particular needs a miracle. The economy called a Google Mount hua I wanted a simple pay later soon at them. I had a question for you about the cyber bullying. Elements of your plan would enable parents, sorry people to sue parents and guardians of cyber bullies and how effective, well as a father of five kids I think we can all agree that we're entering into you know a new territory when it comes to how our children interact with each other and I know. I've spoken to parents whose children have had to switch schools because of bullying, and a lot of it is happening online now. So what this measure is about is about starting the work to create a framework to protect kids and to give parents the tools they need and to have some accountability for when, when, when tragedies happen, and when, when children's our children are forced to change schools or go through mental illness or anxiety because of the treatment they've had online, this is about starting the work to create a framework around that to protect kids and give parents the tools. Thank you know all that comments. They could come and pair the second father Jimmy, properly and Kia to the back platform, socio and I just say, as you Polly, a very sort of parent yeah, he is on yeah. You don't really call Paschal victim the cyberbullying and or set it. Is it a common say that revive the pork, a ratio to Protege days and finally, the dealer or parent hi Mr Shearer? This is Shelley Hagen with Bloomberg News. What would you do if the global economy slows down sharply? Would you abandon the balanced budget? The concerns that many are raising about the potential global downturn is precisely why we have to get back on track. Now we can Justin. Trudeau has spent our way out of having any type of flexibility. If there is a downturn, those massive deficits are weighing down our economy. It means more and more money has to be taken out of the economy through either borrowing by the government which takes money out of the economy or by paying higher interest payments on the debt, which is just going to banks and bondholders. It's precisely because there are some signs of possible headwinds that we need to get back on track. We need to turn the ship away from the rocky shoals and back out to clear waters, and that's exactly what this plan does. We are cyclical a Grande visit new year, the capacity there gonna be the Canada that prop rotate the capability really chronic hosting in the silicon sample account directly in network response. I have acquired a large wrong the economy. A great will the amount on color going on to what they poor l'ainte arrested. A money spent on interest on the debt is wasted money, it is, it is going to banks and bondholders that money could be going into better services or into tax cuts, and that is the difference. That is the clear choice here. Canadians can now see an irresponsible liberal plan that will run massive deficits for years and years and years, and we all know what happens when that is allowed to continue. It means threatened public services, it means higher taxes, it means life getting more and more expensive and Canadians will fall further and further behind or they can choose the conservative plan which protects core services and increases investments in health care, education and social programs, but gets back to balanced budgets. So we can stop wasting taxpayers money on interest charges on the debt in regarding the plan to eliminate the tax cap, if it is feasible, why hasn't it been done yet? Well, it takes. It takes a government that has the purpose of mine to do it. This Liberal government spent their past four years going after small business owners, calling them tax cheats, all the while protecting those who have offshore accounts and and and things of that nature, so they made their choice. They thought that the local pizza owner a pizza shop owner the local mechanic were cheating on their taxes. We believed that they were creating jobs and opportunities in their community, so we're gonna go after those who are not paying their fair share of taxes, eliminating the SCAP, while lowering taxes on our job creators and people who create businesses in our local communities. Martin maketh man with news 11:30 about fourteen point. Five billion dollars of these cuts for five years falls under the category of operating expenses. Other operating expenses reductions. Can you just expand a little bit on on what that means? Yeah. Thank you very much. Yes, so I'll give you one example. Recently, we filed a request for information from the government on what's known in Ottawa is March Madness, and that is when government departments, if they have leftover money instead of returning it back to the taxpayer and leaving it there for for for future years blow it all at the end of the fiscal year, and we asked the government how much money was spent. What were the types of items that were purchased in that period of time and the response came back and it was hundreds and hundreds of pages of examples, so March Madness is one we're gonna put it into that practice. We're going to stop the practice or at least target the practice of outside consultants being brought into departments at exorbitant rates when we have expertise within the public service. This is something that public service unions have actually flagged, where you have people with expertise within a department available to do the types of works that outside consultants are paying to come in and do and we're going to rationalize federal, real estate. We have so many office buildings all throughout the country that are not being fully maximized, not utilized properly, which means that we're paying far more for real estate than we would otherwise need to. So those are the examples that were using to show that we can protect core services and protect employment levels within the public service, but stop the practice of blowing money out the door in the. In the last few days of the fiscal year, the March Madness DePaul's beaucoup - rondalee Daniel NFS Cal. All that eliminated will the pratik bull a consult on TBN dollars in department caused a difference in Nam Connor the function Arabic little experience, incapacitate affair mm shows. You know that rationale is a the leis edifice Fatah. The word recession has been seemingly absent from this campaign from from all the parties, but but your platform does mention that word and yet, as as one of my colleagues pointed out, there does seem to be this sort of self handcuffing on the idea of not being willing to run deficits in during it. You know times of economic difficulty, so in one since your party seems to be the lone one to sort of appreciate the clouds on the horizon and yet you're also handcuffing yourself with this this plan, if we will not run deficits under any circumstances, as you know, I don't think anyone would question Stephen Harper's credentials, but during times of real economic turmoil he did run deficits so for some people. Certainly economists watching this are probably going to look at it and wonder if there's a bit of a contradiction here. What would you say to people who who would point out that? Well, first of all we're going to take steps within this platform in it within our mandate that will strengthen Canada's economic activity under Justin Trudeau's government we've seen tens of billions of dollars of foreign direct investment leave Canada they've investors have pulled money out of Canada because we can't get build big things built in this country. So, by getting big energy projects back on track by implementing a national energy quarter, we're going to see a great deal of economic activity linked to that leaving money in the pockets of Canadians helping them get ahead also helps the economy when they're able to spend money on the things that are important to them. That creates economic growth much better than when the government is spending money before them and again getting back to balance. Budgets gives us more flexibility, reducing the amount of money that we spend on interest charges frees that up frees that up precisely for if there are headwinds in front of us- and you know, the Liberals have to explain to Canadians if they spend money quickly when times are tough and they spend money quickly when times are good, when do they ever get back to balanced budgets? When do we ever get to the point where we stop spending money on those interest charges the answer, what the liberals is never the answer with us is, in a responsible period of time, five years getting back to balance budgets, protecting a core services and lowering taxes, putting money back in the pockets of chaos all across all along the way. Will there be any exemption in any scenario where a government can run a deficit under your legislation? Well, the the with our legislation. We will ensure that government has to find the money for new types of programs if they are going to. You know bark on new spending initiatives. They have to find the money for that. That is how Canadian families live their lives. That is how Canadian businesses live their lives, and it's time that we had some fiscal responsibility at the federal level as well. Thanks you.