Happy to be here because there is no city in Canada, it understands better than the people in this room, how essential it is for the jobs, the Park working, Canadians, she's, made team or trade access that represented an existential threat to our country leadership. He managed to a while I think a lot people here probably watched the twists and turns of the process. We managed to get a great deal for our country. It keeps chapter 19, we've gotta keep cultural exemption. We got a TL. That means King, Supply Management and we gotta tell me what riffs and stuff we didn't like it. Now, like I FD s and the Airman's ratchet lock, we got a deal that makes this trade agreement 14 all essential for Canadians, including a lot of people in this room that deal something interesting happens. People start to discuss the one in great courage, and that was an easy thing to do. It had been so hard and maybe they could even have done better well, you know what, if anybody tells you that I have an answer in trouble over the next four years? I love her because she a she and she will be a voice in our doctrine to speak up for Windsor, manufactory and I hope she won't mind. My saying this I called a few names right, some people during the NAFTA negotiations. Some people took issue at times, but I'll tell you who is one of the smartest and toughest women I have ever met. I know will stand up for you every day, Oh they're choosing to serve their choosing, laughs, absolutely and incredibly Regina indigenous groups here because of Easter our rhythm and did walk away from the table. We secure free trade access to our most important part in an era of us protections in steel, our exports to the US and we maintain seem to be disassembled. The need another little pig in four short years in India to created over a million new dog negotiated new health words of the provinces and territories, with historic investments in in Wolverine and ensuring that our air stays clean and the water stays safe, because we owe it to our kids and to ourselves to take care government, get a cheap building or run progress, because for years we're just getting started and our routine that's debut for huh. It's because of you that we 100 2015. We need you now more than ever. So please volunteer was said by all other Greek donate. If you can and most importantly, your first winter choose a government that will fight for you and with you all you spin around and try them.