Great to see you all hello, Edmonton, hello, liberals, Thank, You Elinor for that introduction, I got a question for you. Are there any liberals in Edmonton? Thank you so much for the welcome here. It's great to be back earlier. Today, I was in Victoria, announcing our government's plan to help even more Canadians buy their first homes because we believe in moving Canada forward and I'll get to that in a second, but first Edmonton, my friends. Let's all give it up once again for an incredible local leader and the next MP for Edmonton Strathcona Eleanor. You know just just a few months ago, Eleanor I brought my wife Sophie and me to remedy. Cafe alright and I'll. Tell you the pride. She feels for this community. Her dedication to service and her advocacy for seniors and families are exactly why she is the right voice for Edmonton, Strathcona liberals, my friends, look around look at what we've created together in 2015. You believed we could make real change happen. You wanted a team that would work for you, not for the wealthiest few, a team that cared about the next generation, not just the next election, a team that prioritized people not power and together, guided by our shared values. We built that team with your enthusiasm and your ideas, your positivity and your energy, your hope and your hard work. We have built the most open political movement in Canada nefi, my friends, this fall. We get to determine the future of our country. We get to decide. Thank you. We get to decide what kind of future we want to build together in 2015, after a decade of failed conservative policy, Canada's economy was flat. Economic growth, job creation, wage growth all were stalled thanks to a Conservative government that believed cuts and austerity were the answers to everything. So Canadians chose a new team that was willing to invest in people and in their communities. We knew then- and we know now that, even though we live in the best country in the world, better is always possible and while of course, there's far more work ahead of us than behind us. Thank you. Every day, but of course, we know, there's more work ahead of us than there is behind us, but we have spent the last four years moving forward and we've got the record to show for it. Poverty is way down, unemployment is that historic lows and job creation is way up, and it's because our team rejected conservative cuts and austerity and chose instead to invest in the middle class and people working hard to join. We invested in Edmonton families who get hundreds of dollars every month to help with the high cost of raising their kids. Thanks to our new Canada Child Benefit we've invested in every single person, who will have soon have a safer trip across the 50th Street crossing and yes, we've invested in local and yes, my friends. We've invested in local oil and gas workers and our women and men in the skilled trades who will directly benefit because our government stepped up and bought the trans mountain expansion project. Now I've made a point of coming to Alberta and to Edmonton many many times since I've became Prime Minister, because this province and its people matter Alberta has been key to Canada's economic success over the course of our history, but we know, but we know that recently times have been tough for Albertans and that's led to increased anxiety for many, but just as you have been there to contribute so much to Canada over the years. So too will people from the rest of Canada be there for you. I, don't need to remind anyone that that's just who we are as a nation. Therefore, our neighbors to support each other through thick and thin I made a promise and my government will always hold by it. We will never pit regions of this country against each other, and you can rest assured that we will always have your back listening. Only a complete element shows are some Paulo Canadian. Only president Jean de boop are based on is a pas de classe moyenne, not matter your personal appearance. Oh no, her foxy regime de pasión, -, colonel peckem le note, new zany Bellator. Indeed, Ubu only religious zeal, alina against Iran access privileges, anatra program not represent part part on our commercial arena, Paco the protectionism Ln certitude demon, auditor Jeanne young, conserve Lana, -, Oh fellas, promote, although yes, sir mu nu del Valle, the transverse Wayne de natal, given me a new leader, vol 2, and knows alpha reservist, two small dogs repel fortune for a difference. Knife addition he settled on the Canadian are coming for Michelle's devotee polish on the P Donna can involve Eve. This fall, we've all got a choice to make keep moving forward and build on the progress we've made or go back to the Harper years. You see conservatives like to say they're for the people, but then they cut taxes for the wealthy and cut services for everybody else other than deciding that they might need to smile more. They have no new ideas for Canadians. They still think you can cut your way to prosperity but, as Canadians know, that's the wrong approach to take. That's why we chose to move Canada forward by investing in families in workers and in communities and by having faith in Canadians this season here. In in four short years, Canadians have created over a million new jobs. We we negotiated new health accords with the provinces and territories with historic investments in home care and mental health. We eliminated 87 boil water, advisories and indigenous communities and our on schedule to lift all those that remain. The new Canada Child Benefit is helping parents with hundreds of dollars tax-free every month and we've lifted nine hundred thousand Canadians out of poverty, including three hundred thousand, gets together. We did this because my friends, at the end of the day, politics is about people, it's about you, maybe you're, a recent grad or a new Canadian or maybe you're, raising your kids or living out your golden years in retirement. Whoever you are, you deserve a real plan for the future. We've done a lot together these past four years, but the truth is we're just getting started so Edmonton. You have an important choice to make. Will we go back to the failed policies of the past, or will we continue to move forward? That's the choice, it's that clear and it's that important. That's why I can't wait to talk with Canadians over the next few weeks about our plan to keep moving Canada forward I'm asking all of you to stand with our liberal team where's. Our liberal team come on up guys, I'm asking you for your help. It's because of all of you that we won in 2015, and we need you now more than ever. So please get out there and talk to your neighbors volunteer with Eleanor or anyone else here. Drive people to the polls make phone calls donate if you can and most importantly go knock doors on October 21st help. Canadians choose a government that will fight for you and with you for a stronger middle class and for a better Canada for all Canadians so from coast to coast to coast. Let's stand as one voice and let's choose forward you. You.