Minister of Justice after that moment of euphoria, that moment of panic, sets in and I called PMO back and said, I get to keep a reefer Annie right as parliamentary secretary, and they said yes, he is an outstanding member of parliament. He is passionate. He is intelligent about Trebbia Francey. A donkey is such an ultra jookiba and he is passionate about access to justice and legal aid, and he has worked very hard on this file. Perhaps it's it's the fact that he came as a refugee from Uganda or perhaps his experience found in South Co, the legal clinic care in Toronto, one of the cofounders I, don't know, but he's passionate he's outstanding and it's a pleasure to turn the microphone over to you. Thank you. David. That's quite flattering: humbling we're! Also big soccer fan, so we enjoy watching some footy together as well. So I want to say thank you to all of you for being here. It's been an honor to be your Member of Parliament and to serve you and I wanted to say. Welcome to this riding I want to say thank you to Park, Gail, intercultural Association to Michael and Sarah, and the whole team and Rita Cox was here with us, the founder for welcoming us here and for hosting us here. The legal clinic NPI, a I, think what you find in these two organizations. Pcl S&P ia, is just an example of some of the incredible work that gets done in Parkdale. My countless settlement agencies and looking out at many of the people that run these groups and what these groups do is they work to defend? They were to settle and to integrate newcomers, so just something that I believe strongly in you heard David mentioned that I came here as a newcomer as a refugee myself from Uganda I became a human rights and constitutional lawyer and on route I actually worked at three different legal clinics. I now serve as your Member of Parliament and well tell you is that it's not very often in my vast, far four-year parliamentary career, that all of those worlds collide with one issue, and that issue is the cuts legal aid that manifested a few months ago, and those cuts were issues that actually to be frank, appalled me, because I found them to be indefensible indefensible from an economic perspective, indefensible from an evidence-based perspective and indefensible from an ethical perspective. I think when you're talking about the issue of determining someone's ability to seek safe haven in this country, simply on their ability to pay for legal counsel, you've got a problem, an ethical, serious, ethical problem. So when you're faced with injustice, you start to advocate and that's what I did. I am an advocate and I started to advocate, and you take meetings and calls from people who are in this room and you meet with people. Stakeholders from this writing stakeholder forum, the city from around the country- and you hear their sense of outrage and you communicate that sense of outrage, and you take that call to Ottawa. But you can take lots of things to Ottawa and things can be all for naught unless you have a team and a leader that is willing to listen and I'm very proud to be part of such a team, and that in that team includes people like Minister linetti who's not doing himself justice, because he is trying to offer up what I've done to advocate on this file. But it started with him and his team pushing this issue. It's people like Minister Morneau, recognising the importance of this issue, and then it's the leader and by that I mean fine gentleman behind me, Prime Minister, and what I can tell you about. The Prime Minister is two things that I've been struck with over the past four years. One is his genuine desire to hear from his caucus because it's through his caucus, he links to the various communities around this country and he understands what communities want and what communities are concerned about and I also have come to appreciate his ability and desire to act when leadership is required to protect the most vulnerable in Canada I'll pick up on the scene. The Minister already mentioned I've seen it time and time again in terms of our commitment to access to justice. So I'll remind you about restoring the court challenges program, a program where you get government funding to bring a charter claim to challenge discrimination or inequality, or remind you of a decision of this government to implement massive reforms to family justice system, to ensure that women, specifically women, don't get clogged up spending money in court and instead can access the support for spousal support and child support that they so richly deserve. And I'll mention to you and remind you again of most recently. The decision to rescue the pro bono law Ontario program in this province to ensure low-income Canadians in Ontario have access to legal counsel. So that brings us to today a day in which I'm delighted to welcome the Prime Minister back to Parkdale High Park, to speak to you, but the next step our government is taking to protect the most marginalized and to promote access to justice in Canada. So, though, further ado, it is my distinct honor to welcome the right honorable Prime Minister of Canada. Thank you to 2.90 city of town, a great pleasure to see Arif and the entire team here. Arif and I have known each other for more than 25 years now and his values his passion, his strength, his advocacy for the most vulnerable zhishan through in everything he does with the insightful approach. He brings to everything. So it's a real pleasure to be here in like a heart, Delhi Park with you. It's a pleasure to be here today, but I'm, not overly happy about the announcement we've had to make we're about to make the reality is we shouldn't be having to make this announcement I? Think far too many people in this room, and indeed around the country, are trying to forget as much as they can about the Harper years. When we had a government that cuts services for the most vulnerable any chance it could. The worst example of that was definitely when they chose to cut health care for refugees, the most vulnerable people. We could imagine in our country being brushed aside by a government that was more focused on pinching, pennies and balancing the books than actually helping the most vulnerable. So the fact that we have to be here today to recognize that yet another conservative government, government and Doug Ford is walking away from services to the most vulnerable. It's really frustrating for me and I think for all Canadians that we keep moving back or there's conservative politicians that keep trying to move us back and make the most vulnerable hurt for decisions that they make, and conservative politicians like to say they're for the people. But then they end up cutting services for the most vulnerable. It's what they do. The responsibility over legal aid on immigration and refugees has long been a joint responsibility, a shared responsibility by the Government of Canada and the government of Ontario. For many years, government Ontario was a strong and proud partner in making sure that a most vulnerable refugees had the basic services they need, particularly in terms of legal aid when they arrive in a situation that is fraught with challenges and indeed vulnerabilities. But the Forty government decided to step away from that and that's why, in this area of shared responsibility, the federal government is choosing to step up. We will be investing twenty six point. Eight million dollars this year to ensure that legal aid services for immigrants and refugees continue in the in the province of Ontario. We will also be topping up investments in other provinces to reach the hundred percent funding mark for legal aid to immigrants and refugees, but we will engage in reflections and conversations in the coming year, but how to ensure long-term sustainability for legal aid for Refugees and and immigrants, and we will work very hard like I know, many Ontarians will to make sure that this Ontario government understands you cannot continue to harm vulnerable people and pretend that you are actually for the people. So that is what we are going to stay focused on New Zealand to show Hitler Vodafone live in a lab, not Sophie. Pascoe, see that shows morale. It responds elephant occupant, okay, so Geneva, you've, I've, been compassion, also be miss it to see in Part, C, land of promise of alimony or volitional action fee -. We know that taking care of people who want nothing more than to build strong lives for themselves and their children fleeing hardship from around the world fear fear fleeing war strife, persecution, torture, I have so much to contribute to this country and are just looking for the opportunity to do that. That's why we are going to ensure that they have the support to make it through our immigration system in a way that gives them all the chances of being able to build that better future for their kids, see character. Show student affairs Montag, Rafi Bhaskar, say that money shows FL. We do this as a country, because it's the right thing to do and as a federal government, we will be there to support the most vulnerable from coast to coast to coast. Merci, we just are taking chemo on Francaise pass commission limit. Es única to see to the baby like debut. Excuse me photo CC icon is so detailed. The popular top 10, so we are an indigenous territory here in Parkdale like in many other parts of Toronto. This is the traditional territory of the whole new Sony D here on when dad the Anishinaabe most recently, the Mississauga's of the credit I would also like to just acknowledge before introducing the next speaker, some of my many colleagues who are very much supporters and defenders of this very issue so on my right on your left on the far side is Gary nan de sangre, the member for Scarborough Ruth Park and Adam Vaughan - mr. Minister Meles, immediate right, the member for Spadina for York. We have a mark, Amanda Chino, just been in the middle on the left here, the member for Eglinton Lawrence, Julie, zero. It's the member for Davenport and James Maloney, the member for a topical lakeshore I want yes, I, just like the next call upon an individual whom I know personally but I know through many of the circles through mention many of us travel. This is a woman named Shalini : door, who is currently the executive director and one of the lawyers on staff at the South Asian legal clinic of Ontario, the South Asian legal clinic Ontario is something that's very near and dear to my heart, because I was one of a group of individuals who thought creating a Cell. Co was a good idea. After we learned from people like a Vigo, but the hard work they were. She was doing at the Metro Toronto Chinese and Southeast Asian legal clinic people like Margaret Parsons at the African Canadian legal clinic. There was a void. The clinic filled that void is the staff that have made that that clinic come to fruition, which song he does on a daily basis is deal with the issues that of which we are speaking about. Now. She deals with refugees. She deals with the newcomers. She deals with things like forced marriages. She deals with gender inequality on the ground, and Shalini is here to share some of that wisdom, which is shared many times with us, various standing committees in Ottawa and in test case litigation all the way to the Supreme Court of Canada to share some of those insights about the impact of decisions like this today and what it means for her clientele. Welcome, Shani, Thank, You Aram. Thank you to the Prime Minister Minister Lim, Eddy, I'm grinning from ear to ear this morning, I was very happy and my partner and children said you're unusually happy when you're, usually very cranky and I, said. You'll know why soon right and thank you for saying, I've shared my wisdom, which actually means I yelled at almost every person, you're standing behind me right now, really and truly what I believe and I think what so many people in this room believe is that access to justice is the single right that makes every other right possible. If you cannot have access to justice, it is virtually impossible for the vulnerable communities that we work with to assert their legal rights. It's been a challenging time with the loss of legal aid service, definitely in Ontario and in particular the significant loss of service and Gration and Refugee law, and the truth is I. Don't think providing service like this is a partisan issue to be honest, I think that as Canadians and Ontarians, we all believe that protecting and serving our most vulnerable clients is critical to the foundation of our communities and our society hearing. This announcement made me think and reflect on some of the clients I've met in the past couple of weeks. Just yesterday, I met with a woman who was finally brave enough to call the police on her abusive partner, who immediately called immigration and pulled her sponsorship. Obligation I think out the fact that legal aid is now going to be supported to be able to provide her with service and that she possibly can stay here. I think about the client that I had a few weeks ago, who is facing an LGBTQ claim a refugee claim for being persecuted in his home country and I. Think about that day of scratching my head thinking. How am I gonna give this person advice on how to do this in court by himself I think about the client I met last week, who is doing a gender based violence claim and speaks almost no English and me giving her the insane advice of watching a video on the Immigration and Refugee board on how to handle her own case, and it just makes me so happy to think now with this announcement, which is so welcome that these types of clients are going to again be supported. There is a critical need in Ontario for this kind of support, and it doesn't just affect the legal system. It doesn't just affect legal clinics. The ripple effect is that our sister agencies, settlement agencies and my colleagues in the room from settlement agencies know this is that when they can't come to us, they come to them. Parkdale intercultural, the members of ocassi, the members of culture link. They are all being flooded with requests for how do they get that help? I just want to finish by saying. Thank you so much. This is such a welcome announcement. I. Think access to justice is such a critical piece of our justice system and this announcement. We're really put us on the path forward to ensuring those clients, particularly immigrants and refugees in Ontario, will get the much-needed support that they need. Thank you. So that concludes the formal portion of the announcement. The Prime Minister will be available to take some questions from the media. At this point, prime minister hi, prime minister, it's Tyler Ritchie with the Canadian Press. If you could answer all questions today in French in English, I think my colleagues would really appreciate it. You spoke today. You spoke out against provincial governments making cuts to services. This isn't the first time that you've stepped in with some money to make up for some of those cuts. Are you not essentially setting up a system that enables provincial governments to make whatever controversial cuts the services they want, because they know your government will pony up some funds? No, that is something that we are all very concerned about. The fact that conservative governments continue to make cuts is is something that we all have to reflect on as citizens and as voters about what Conservative government's have repeatedly done and repeatedly say they were going to do. This is a specific area of shared responsibility between the federal government and the government of Ontario, and the fact that the government of Ontario is pulling back from its support of the most vulnerable means that we are stepping in with a one-year top-up to make sure that services continue for the most vulnerable. There will be discussions ongoing about so many verismo y en duda mendonça, photography, poor, vulnerable Association, an Austrian domain. He director, pastor, Jay Antle, governor federal government, provincial government of commercial, and this is Ervin Seri the light of live in Europe. It don't circle specific see her awfully hard. A proposal for augmentation a tree for not revenue, efficient, otário me effective manova, professor Dan yella domain support. Okay, see res important. Kelly can idea vassal bourgeois settled on poor Eva, Tillich Opa, Opa, linear, obscure, Nichols Avatar for a shock for concern for many people in the city, including the mayor, calling for a handgun ban, also your own MP Hannah bond, echoing those calls for this handgun ban. What is the federal government's plan to deal with gun violence in this city and what's your stance on handgun bands? First of all, we recognize that this has been a deadly few weeks in the GTA. Our hearts go out to the communities the family members affected by these tragedies. This is something that indeed, we have taken significant steps on, but we recognize there is always more to do. I, look forward to sitting down with Meritor Itamar o to talk about this and other issues and how the federal government can help with the City of Toronto and indeed, communities across the country as they grapple with gun violence. We have, as a government, lived up to the commitments we made in the 2015 election on strengthening gun control and bringing in measures like enhanced background checks that we know keep our communities safer. We also recognize there is more to do. Unfortunately, the Conservatives have already announced they will be reversing our strengthening of gun control measures if they get elected this fall. So that's certainly something for Canadians to keep in mind as for what our plans are and what our next steps we're going to take. If we have the opportunity of continuing to serve Canadians as a government after October 21st, we look forward to talking about that in our upcoming electoral platform. But we know there is more to do you work on ahsoka, City, pretty awesome and tragic, not on to Aliso Viejo. No volcanoes only tragedy affect the family community and is no Sun in newsela paladin avec la torre de consejo sample journey, no community, no personal security, no Connecticut news, average e duplicate huh, so news angles: rock on I found em in caves, poor, oversee, universally control, the Dartmouth people Amelia alive education is a second TC de Avila ha de minuto nascent. We see chapter sapphire, the conservator Ong Kiki's, Ellie, Rodney, Hana, yeah, Shirley, Mizzou, happy first economy on glass. Don't see me news, a new Accord in reserve, an OC, not platform, electorales k news, a local Adagio, poor, Kelly, no community on security, see on I, don't know the constant Serbia who talked about lahmacun idea about your. Do you better not tell you know that Minister freely met with her Chinese counterpart two weeks ago? What specifically needs to happen for that situation to end, and do you have an estimated or hope to timeline at this point for the return, the safety and security of Canadians is always a top priority for this government, and the two Canadians arbitrarily detained in China remain one of the top priorities of this. This government. We have continued to express our displeasure and our disapproval of China's actions and indeed have gotten strong support from the international community on this issue of arbitrary detentions, we're going to continue to put pressure and engage in constructive ways diplomatically and otherwise with China as we in, but emphasis on. The fact that the situation is Canadians are facing is unacceptable. Loser no continue a desolated, a protection Canadian priority, some creepy, the map leader, Canadian, stood in detention, corrosion actually and use a non conservative have a half-hour for security ratio. My affair means that all considered fire instead of mouth careful oatmeal. How do you see the Chinese government's response to ongoing street protests in Hong Kong and how is your government supporting Canadian citizens in that city? We are extremely concerned about the situation in Hong Kong. We see the need for de-escalation of tensions. We need to see the local authorities listening to the very the very serious concerns brought forward by Chinese citizens in their concerns around the decisions that the local authorities and Beijing have taken. We are calling for peace for order for dialogue. We continue to be mindful and watchful of protecting Canadian interests and the intrud and Canadians specifically in Hong Kong, but we certainly call on China to be very careful and very respectful in how it deals with people who have legitimate concerns in Hong, Kong, democracy, Hong, Kong, internal, continue, the - arena security, Canadian, emergency, passive movement on the floor, come no personal knowledge community international diploma. In de-escalation, in equal to the police authority, the Hong Kong in Beijing you, the professional for called leastwe and Hong Kong citizens -, as shown here, may the liquid in the dialogue in the repose film. But you not merciful boot or not. Thank you very much for being here. Thank you very much for joining us. Everyone would appreciate your time and welcome to part daily part.