Much more worrying in terms of where is the trust. How could anyone possibly work with people who are prepared to do that? Their Minister of Justice, former attorney general, is the only person in this sad saga who gave the Prime Minister sound legal advice. I maintain, there's a system problem here. Smc level as a corporation was able to manipulate our senior civil service and the political operatives of this country to act as their lobbyists to put into the legislation deferred prosecution agreement slipped into an omnibus budget bill at the request of SN C level, and this is all new information, and today's hearing must involve and I hope the committee will agree and that the Liberals on that committee will agree. We need a deeper investigation and at least Commissioner dia must be invited to testify I'd like to have Jody Wilson Treville back to come out of what she now knows about her cabinet colleagues, paddling around a legal opinion from us former Supreme Court judge, peddled around by another former Supreme Court judge, questioning her judgment. I would like to have an analysis again of how it could come to pass. The prime minister thought that the advice for the Attorney General was questionable and more systematically I'd like to know how many people within the federal civil service, not political people. So this is not just about the Liberal Party I think it would have happened exactly well, I think if it was Stephen Harper, it would have gone smooth itself, because you would never have appointed two cabinet people with the independent integrity of a Jody Wilson rebuild or a Jane Philpott. But as it stands, this is the most significant abuse of cabinet. Confidentiality of an abuse of respect for the rule of law and I remain very committed. I remain concerned that it's clear to me that the Prime Minister doesn't understand that what he did was wrong and I. Think that's because he thinks that the former Supreme Court judges who were lobbying him on behalf of s math.ceil Avila, because they were former Supreme Court judges must know more that his own Minister of Justice I find it deeply deeply troubling that large corporations- and it's not just SNC Laughlin large corporations- have far too much access to decision-makers in this country and we need to get to the bottom of it. We wish a prosperous. If you stop countless declare canoes over on communicator press. Could the party their pawns could be Revati else and if I say backpack, they too are delicious. So you did why they be tell you some absolute cinema mm torture. Compound yeah. Could I situate some Quebec same a different part of Canada Rousseff? Are you okay, Beck la comisión, I've, a question, the accommodation back? We mr. Taylor mr. foucha way more respect day if they didn't cast John Paul II Pope to Quebec the imagine. Ik come up a fair, he living a lay symbol. Villagers! Don't look for edifice measure passed the fall. They can't elect as you take her lately, keep to mourn a function. Air! No father dois therefore take place every religious person among that's, affirmed, one sick, a gospel. The porcelain is a perceived imagining to the party they're back at weeks, Karan what their story you, as required, based on the testimony of the Commissioner now colleague in this committee's previous meeting previous consideration of opposition motions regarding the SNC level and scandal. Mr. Erskine Smith speaking for all liberal members of this committee, characterized those motions as premature until the justice committee completed its study and the ethics commissioner completed his investigation. The liberal majority voted against all opposition motions, but now we know the chair and liberal members of the Justice Committee shut down their study prematurely, and a week ago the ethics commissioner published Trudeau to report the report reporting to parliamentarians and to all Canadians that their prime minister broke the law in improperly attempting to influence the Attorney General quote in many ways it confirmed Canadians decisions and suspicions and much more. It is a weighty report, even though the Commissioner states that his investigation is incomplete, even though he reports he was prevented by the clerk of the Privy Council from access to relevant, with witness testimony under a blanket confidentiality shield shield, thus blocked from looking at the entire body of evidence. Despite all of those challenges, the ethics commissioner declares he gathered sufficient factual information to properly determine the matter on its merits, and he has itemized those facts in great detail again, as the Commissioner writes in his conclusion, the Prime Minister's actions were improper and contrary to the constitutional principles of prosecutorial independence and the rule of law. Colleagues, these detailed findings of fact of a Prime Minister's actions are unprecedented in Canadian history and I hope that you'll agree that a debriefing session with the ethics commissioner as soon as possible, is as appropriate. Now, as was the debriefing session of Trudeau report one with the previous Commissioner last year, Thank You, chair, Thank You mr. Kent, we have an order. I have Lisa Charlie Pierre, so Lisa. Thank you very much. Mr. chair I echo the comments made by mr. Kent with respect to the desire for this committee to move forward with hearing from the ethics commissioner. Why I'm here today mr. chair, is because I was a member of the Justice Committee that was shut down in March of this year in favor of the ethics commissioner. Conducting his study a letter was sent by the members of the liberal members of the committee on march 18 to the chair of the Justice Committee and those members were Randy, boisson, Oh Eric, a little esse Ron McKinnon and Colin Fraser, and they said their conclusion. After the testimony heard at the justice committee that all the rules and laws were followed, they also said that they believe that the ongoing study of the ethics Commissioner was the appropriate way forward and that they had faith in the ethics commissioner, and they also noted that the opposition parties rushed to judgment before hearing all the relevant information following the shutting down of the Justice Committee mr. chair, the ethics committee then tried to bring the issue to this area for discussion, not March 28th again, the matter was blocked and, as a result, we were left with the ethics commissioner, as being the only venue where an investigation was taking place, and indeed, if you take a look at hansard for the period of time in April and in May of 2019, when asked questions by members of the opposition, the prime minister said continuously and reiterated continuously that he had faith in the ethics commissioner. In conducting his study. However, most recently the Prime Minister in commenting on the Trudeau to report, which was issued last week, said two things that caught my attention. The first thing he said was that we fully cooperated with the commissioner, and the second thing he said was that I disagree with the conclusion. These two statements carry great weight there from the Prime Minister of Canada and they're. The only statements regarding the ethics commissioners report on record from the prime minister in this matter, and it is unfair that the ethics commissioner has no voice and no venue to be able to respond to these two assertions the Prime Minister made. Now there is provision in the conflict of interest Act to allow for somebody who's being investigated to be able to appeal the ruling of the ethics commissioner, and we find ourselves in some uncharted territory, because what the Prime Minister seems to seek to do is to change the report of the ethics commissioner by saying that he doesn't agree with it and saying that he fully cooperated now the evidence of the ethics Commissioner in his report in to have access to all the information that he deemed appropriate for the study where we find ourselves in uncharted territory. Is this the conflict of interest? Act does not allow for the ethics. Commissioners report to be changed. No committee of Parliament no vote in the House of Commons can change the contents or the decision of the ethics. Commissioner, the report is what it is and stands as it is. Yet the Prime Minister is now trying to saying that the report is wrong, but good news for him is if he chooses to in fact, go ahead and appeal the ruling of the ethics commissioner. He has the ability to do so, and he can do that by launching a judicial review at the federal court of appeal. That is the appropriate venue for the prime minister to challenge the ethics commissioner, not in the court of public opinion, which is he's seeking to do right now now. Why does this all pertain to the visit of the ethics? Commissioner? Well I do believe as a lawyer that there are rules regarding procedural fairness and clearly the Prime Minister is not going to be seeking judicial review of this ruling. He hasn't said he was going to and in fact it doesn't seem as if he has any plans to address that question. But that being said, it still is fair for the ethics commissioner to be able to respond in some way, shape or form to questions from the committee from members of parliament who seek to understand the discrepancy between what the ethics commissioner found and what the prime minister is attempting to assert to the Canadian public. That is the issue of public interest that is so important and having the ethics commissioner come and testify. It is the foundation of our rule of law that accusations are allowed to be responded to and rebutted that I believe is something that, as parliamentarians we owe to the ethics commissioner, who does his work at the request of all parliamentarians and indeed is voted on by all parliamentarians to sit in his job as the officer of parliament in summation. Mr. chair I would say this that, after months and months and months and months of the liberal members of parliament on the Justice Committee on the ethics committee, the Prime Minister himself and every Minister who answered a question in the House of Commons, with the refrain that we trust and believe in the Independence of the parliamentary officers, and we will listen to them and we will cooperate fully. It is owed to all of these comments that the ethics commissioner does have the ability to come in and be able to respond to the two things that the Prime Minister has said on this report, which is one that he fully cooperated with the Commissioner which the Commissioner says is not the case and number two that he disagrees with the conclusion without telling us which conclusions he disagrees with. So with that mr. chair I passed the the floor on to the next individual and I hope that my colleagues on the other side will in fact allow for the ethics commissioner to be able to appear today in fairness and justice and to uphold the administration of our procedure. Sure speaking order is mr. Angus, mr. Paul yath miss may mr. weir and miss Ramsey so go ahead. Mr. Angus Thank You C Masuda, put it off say st. this common open, Bob Lagasse on. We have an opportunity: Lee code, Aliza respect code, mr. Zimmer mr. chair. It is my understanding that mr. Dion is ready to speak. Is that correct? As just to be clear? He said: he'd make himself available on short notice, based on some questions from from all parties. Here, he's made himself available today by a video conference, so he's standing by he's standing by us, because he reports to our committee he's an officer of Parliament and as an officer of Parliament, his job is to ensure that every parliamentarian meets the highest ethical code and when you're, the prime minister of this country, you're expected to meet the highest ethical code. So we have the Commissioner ready to speak. To respond to the report as his normal function is to come to our committee and present that report. We need to hear from mr. Dion because to have the Prime Minister of the country to be found guilty of breaking the law to aid very, very powerful people in writing. A piece of legislation that existed only for that company. It was written for one purpose to get them a get out of jail card and then to have a campaign involving so many key people in the Liberal government to put pressure on the Attorney General and the independent prosecutor is not acceptable. I, we have the rule of law in this country or we don't and that's what the fundamental question is so for the Prime Minister to invoke the Mark Zuckerburg defense, which is hey thanks a lot for finding me guilty I'm just gonna blow you off, Mark Zuckerberg may get away with that cuz. He lives in another jurisdiction and he's a gazillionaire, but Justin Trudeau could not blow off the ethics Commissioner of Canada. If he wants to do that, then he needs to come back and bring a law in that says, he's no longer bound by any laws, but right now he's bound by the conflict-of-interest act and he's been found guilty. We see that there's a pattern of interference by his office and the Privy Council that interrupted nine potential witnesses. To give testimony, we need to know who those nine witnesses were. We need to know how extent was the interference and the obstruction in the work of the ethics commissioner, because the ethics commissioner reports to us it is our job to go back to Parliament whenever there's a problem with lobbying the work of a Privacy Commissioner, the work of the Information Commissioner, the work of the Ethics Commission when their work is being interfered with for political purposes. It is our job to put our partisanship aside and say we have to have a standard that all parliamentarians should meet and the Prime Minister's failed to meet this. So I'm asking mr. chair that you have the power to ask the the Commissioner to report to us. I would like you to see you exercise that he has to report to us. This is his job, any attempt by the Liberals to stop. That will be a pattern of continuing the interference and the obstruction and the fundamental principles of the parliamentary system: hmm Thank You mr. Angus. Next up mr. pulley Oh mr. chairman, you've told us that the ethics commissioner is standing by ready to testify about his guilty verdict that he rendered against the Prime Minister last week now the Prime Minister is MPs across the way will decide whether after silencing Jodie Wilson ray bolt, they will silence the ethics commissioner as well, whether they will vote to ban the ethics commissioner from appearing at the Ethics committee, and if so, what that says about the ethics of this government. It's important to recap: why we're here, SN sealable an is accused of over a hundred million dollars of fraud and bribery accused of stealing over a hundred million dollars from among the poorest people in the world. Instead of going to trial, the company convinced the prime minister to change the criminal code allowing alleged corporate criminals to get off of a trial by signing a deal to apologize and promise, never to do it again. The Prime Minister passed that in an omnibus bill then demanded his Attorney General extend such a deal against the earlier decision of the top prosecutor. She refused so he fired her. She spoke out so he kicked her out and shut down. There were the numerous parliamentary inquiries into the matter since then. He has told us wait for the ethics commissioner to issue his verdict, and so we all waited assuming that when that verdict came we'd all be able to hear about it right here in the ethics committee here today we will decide if, in fact that will happen. We know that there's a lot more to this story. The ethics commissioner has not been able to tell at least nine witnesses were prevented by the Trudeau government from telling their full story because of a government imposed gag order under the guise of cabinet confidentiality. There are many mysteries that we need to unravel in this matter, and only we will only by hearing witnesses can we do so. One of them is this famous 9,000 jobs claim in a most besson seal abalones Hooda jobs in this country are for construction work done in this country, they're going to be building a north-south transit project here in Ottawa. Well, they can't build that in Hong, Kong or in Munich, and then drop it out of a helicopter on the nation's capital. That work will have to be done here. The headquarters must stay in Montreal until the year 2024. According to a loan agreement with the Quebec pension plan, the CEO of the company said that the company is not moving anywhere and we know that leaving Canada would not exempt the company from prosecution or conviction. So we asked we tried to ask the government where this claim about jobs has come from. In fact, Miss May asked some of the best questions on this matter. She asked mr. Wernick in the public interest. Then mr. Werner can preparing advice to cabinet what work did you do to assess the threat of jobs? Did you look at the commitments made to the government of Quebec not to move the headquarters as mentioned? Did you look at the current financial status of S&C lavell, and did you in fact have an independent assessment of whether there would be any impact on jobs from a decision to proceed to the Director of Public Prosecutions? Had this had decided to proceed response? No, because the file was entirely in the carriage of the then Minister of Justice. Apparently the Justice Department now does jobs assessments, Gerald BOTS had a different story. When Miss May asked the same question she asked, is there any evidence that jobs were actually going to be at stake by letting this grow through the courts and letting the independent Director of Public Prosecutions and the Attorney General do their jobs? Gerald butts I can't recall anything specific. He also said my understanding from the department that that the jobs claim was his understanding from the Department of Finance briefings, but I have to say it's been a long time. So now we're claiming that the Department of Finance has proof of this 9,000 jobs claim. So, let's turn over to the to the fight to the finance minister. Well in the ethics commissioners report, I quote when asked if he Morneau or his office, had undertaken a study or analysis of the economic impacts of the Director of Public Prosecutions decision Morneau testified that none had been conducted and then a reporter on March 7th asked the Prime Minister the following question: both mr. Wernick and mr. butts testified. They had no direct evidence that 9,000 potential of that 9,000 potential job loss. Did you have any evidence of 9,000 jobs being lost response? We had heard representations from various sources, including the company itself, that this was an issue of deep concern to them and that it could potentially have consequences as dire as the company having to leave Canada altogether. Now you notice he didn't provide any evidence, but he did claim that the company might leave the country altogether. Well, it's turned to the ethics commissioners reports on that top Trudeau adviser. Mr. Bouchard notes from the same 20, October 23rd 2018, meeting with senior officials of the Privy Council office show that they also discussed ssese board of directors potential plan to move the corporate headquarters, but the case today, poet last month, the Quebec would not let that happen. In other words, mr. Trudeau's office knew in October months before he made the claim that the headquarters would leave that that eventualities was impossible. So, given that this was not about jobs, the most important question I want to ask is what motivated this? What on God's green earth would compel a prime minister to pass a law at the request of one company exempting corporate criminals from prosecution, put pressure on his Attorney General to overturn his top prosecutor and then fire her when she refused to do so, given that it was not about jobs, we know the SNC Lavin gave $100,000 of illegal donations to the Liberal Party. We know they swarmed Parliament Hill and a PMO with lobbyists. There was a revolving door between this government and S&C Laughlin. We need to know the real motive for helping protect this company, dr. Sam CeCe Oh committee, a galactic determine Yosh. Let's call me sire ex-commissioner subbu beyond my I see that Lawson is the same thing s Kevon club Nia. Look on me, sir, prevent the Ethics Commission I mean Avenue of the Varna pyramid, 84 Allah, techie, Ethics, Commission, sq, voice, EEE, I'll, call and camouflage. Well, they try it. We can attain epoch. Canadians, don't have one not before the election, mrs. young Devon. That is the decision before us. Thank you very much. Hmm Thank You mr. Polie. Up next up, we have miss me Thank You, mr. chair, and thanks to the committee for the opportunity to speak and thanks to mr. Poirot's intervention. I don't have to go through a recitation around the jobs questions that I asked in the in the Justice Committee I'm, deeply troubled. By what faces us and those of my all of you around the table. I regard his friends I try to approach things in a very non partisan way and that's very hard on the eve of an election. Everybody goes into hyper partisan mode, and this is in a lot of way. Red meat right before an election and I know that. But something was really wrong here. Something's deeply wrong here and I begged my friends around the table to allow mr. deal to speak to us. I thought I knew what had transpired on the SNC level. Ms, based on the testimony of our former justice minister and former attorney general, her chronology, her notes, I thought covered everything that had occurred and I believed her in every syllable. But mr. Diaz report has shaken me far more than our former attorney generals. Testimony and I'll tell you why. We now know that there were meetings that took place on the edge of other international gatherings like in Davos that the Minister of Finance Bill Morneau, took a meeting with the CEO of SNC lavalla that the idea of changing our law to insert a deferred prosecution into the Criminal Code came from SNC lavalla for their use. Specifically, no wonder the a machinery of government began to panic when the plan wasn't working out because they had a hiccup, because the Minister of Justice and our Attorney General at the time respected the principle of prosecutorial independence and wouldn't intervene against the section 13 report of the Director of Public Prosecutions. This is this is a critical point. There were other ministers involved, I thought and I will admit that I thought this, because I bend over backwards to be fair to everyone concerned. I still think the part of the reason the Prime Minister doesn't realize that what he did was wrong was that he didn't receive a decent legal briefing from his Clerk of Privy Council. None was provided to him or from his staff, but he did receive a decent legal briefing. It was from Jody Wilson Raible, the former Minister of Justice and attorney general told him me watch what you're doing you're interfering in prosecutorial independence I mean I, know she didn't sit him down and get out of chalkboard and explain it. She didn't think she had to what I find really troubling about what mr. deal uncovered is the idea that in any government governed by the rule of law, a Minister of Justice and Attorney General's position would be so deeply undermined by her colleagues. I know. A lot of liberals have said it was wrong of her to tape. Michael Warnock I understood under the circumstances why she felt it necessary, but the deeper distrust is to imagine that a report from a former Supreme Court judge very respected, jurist John Major paddled by smc Lavin, as lawyer. Also former Supreme Court, Judge, Frank, Iacobucci I think it's the power of their titles and their previous their work on a Supreme Court. Blinded people around the cabinet table to the reality that the only legal advice they should be taking is from their own lawyer. The Attorney General, but, what's really shocking to me, is that they peddled this report undermining the judgment of their cabinet like the Minister of Justice and Attorney General. They paddled it without even sharing it with her and I asked my liberal friends to imagine for one minute, a scenario within which she'll correct him would have allowed his cabinet colleagues to circulate a memo that undermined Irwin Cotler. Can you imagine it or Pierre Trudeau would have allowed his cabinet colleagues to circulate a memo that undermines the judgement of John Turner. This is really scandalous. The Prime Minister is guilty here of the kind of offense for which resignation is appropriate. I leave it Tim I'm, not calling for resignation, but it does strike me as beyond belief that this kind of thing could go on. It's not a small matter. It shouldn't be, it shouldn't be covered up. We really do need to ask mr. deal what he uncovered. We need to hear his opinion on the nature of further remedies. How much we should take steps to ensure that cabinet confidentiality is really removed, so those nine additional witnesses can be heard. I also want to say very clearly that I don't think this is a partisan issue. I think it's systemic I think it's shocking, that the senior civil service of this country could be manipulated by a transnational corporation in this fashion and I think lots of other transnational corporations may have the same kind of access and systemic, regardless of who is in the PMO regardless. If it's a conservative or a liberal, we have to ensure that the machinery of government that our civil service is not at the disposal of transnational corporations to do their bidding I, don't think it's about this prime minister and making it a political football in this election campaign. I think it's a much larger issue and I think it's systemic and I'd like to hear from the Commissioner of ethics and conflict of interest. Ship Paul Scoon is fo, no big, a CEO Matt, no more! How the failure shows that's what democracy can't really prove. Are they gone to? Please Monty have the power right now our democracy looks weakened by this. We need to get to the bottom of it. Thank You. Mr. chair, hmm, thank you. Miss me next up mr. weir. Thank you. A mr. chair, I'd, like to thank you and all members of this committee for giving independent MPs an opportunity to participate in today's meeting. One of the things I've really appreciated about being an independent MP is the opportunity to take a more dispassionate look at issues and that's what I've tried to do in all the committee hearings on essence, O'laughlin. So I'd like to say a few words about my reading of the ethics commissioners report and some of the topics that I think might be worth pursuing. If this committee decides to hear from the ethics commissioner and perhaps other witnesses, the Commissioner is key. Conclusion is that there was a violation of section 9 of the conflict of interest. Act, which says the public office holders should not, and I quote, seek to influence a decision of another person so as to further the public office holders, private interests or those of the public office holders, relatives or friends or to improperly further another person's private interests. Now, I don't think anyone is alleging that the Prime Minister sought to further the private interests of his family, his friends or himself. I. Also, don't think, there's any doubt that many, if not most public policy decisions will either further or detract from the private interests of various companies and individuals. So the key conclusion from the ethics Commissioner is that the Prime Minister improperly tried to further another person's private interests and, of course, that finding hinges critically on an interpretation of what is improper, so I think it would be well worth this committee's time to dig into that with the ethics. Commissioner, we've heard a lot about findings of fact, but really this conclusion comes down to an interpretation of one word in the conflict of interest Act, which is something you know that I think could be open to challenge and certainly could be open to further exploration. So mr. chair, it's a little bit unclear to me whether the ethics commissioner believes the Prime Minister is guilty of any kind of conflict of interest in the classic definition of that term. It does seem clear that the ethics commissioner believes that the Prime Minister is guilty of improperly furthering another person's private interests, but there's already been some debate about how that language should be interpreted. What's improper and I would suggest that as an appropriate focus for this committees, work Thank, You mr. weir next step we'll go to mr. Ramsay. Thank you to committee members for having me at the committee today I'm having some serious deja vu, having sat on the Justice Committee, along with some of the other colleagues here on the other side. This experience that we're having right now feels very familiar to me where we have silence from the liberal members and we have opposition members who are laying out the reasons why we'd like to hear the truth and I'm certainly appreciative of mr. Dion's report, but it leaves many questions. There are still questions to be answered that are incredibly important, as my colleague mentioned to the democracy of her country. My son is 18, he'll, be voting the first time this year and I can't imagine a country where the Prime Minister can break the law and not admit to it and not apologize to it, but that, quite frankly, somehow Canadians are going to accept. Is this the future now of Canada that this is the bar that were setting that we're saying the highest office in the land that individual can break the law? And there are there's nothing that can happen there? He doesn't have any accountability to that. The players that are involved have no accountability to that. Mr. Moreno has been mentioned at this table. There are many questions surrounding his involvement, which he now in some way tries to say he can't recall, which seems incredibly unbelievable to two Canadians. This matters. This is about the Prime Minister, trying to corrupt the Attorney General's Office. This report is incredibly important to Canadians and I. Think it's a mistake. If there are those sitting around this table, who think that this does not matter to them, that Canadians don't understand enough about it and you and you want to get stuck down talking about the McLellan report or different things. The DPA that surround this, the Prime Minister of Canada has broken the law. We have questions for the conflicts of interest in ethics, commissioner, that need to be answered and the Canadians deserve the truth about. This has been the pursuit of this entire thing that has been blocked by liberals on, on a constant basis, to find the truth to get answers to questions that people have all of us walked in through the press today and were asked questions, because this report leaves questions hanging and we can't leave those questions hanging, because this is an incredibly serious thing, regardless of who is sitting in the Prime Minister's role in Canada. Come this fall. We need to know whether or not you know who is involved. We need to have other people come forward and we can't accept that breaking the law in Canada is now okay for the Prime Minister, so I implore, the liberal members, as I've done many many times on the Justice Committee at this ethics committee, to allow the conflict of interest and ethics. Commissioner to speak before us I understand mr. chair. If he's waiting, then I would move to go to a vote so that we can allow that testimony to begin and have questions to him. So I move for a vote. Please I have two others still to speak to this, so I'm, not sure yeah. We still have to go through if the people on the speaker's list want to give up that time to go to the vote, then that's a possibility. I, don't see their right now. We're willing to do that. So I have main legal adviser to the crown count on us where it's a scandal. Oh hello, the conscience of ready to come. We have more questions. The shows are Co, some cash that are still hidden. So yeah we'd like to chat about levity. October 21st democracy was gone. I think in our democracy, that what the person's own evil having people at this young, simple tongue can put him in is such an important understand. Thank you. Hmm next step. Thank you very much mr. speaker, mr. chair mr. chair, the the reality is is that what the ethics commissioner has found is that the Prime Minister improperly used political considerations in attempting to have the Attorney General to essentially overrule the Director of Public Prosecutions. The Prime Minister is saying that is not the case that in fact it wasn't political considerations that it had to do with something else. Jobs and my colleague mr. Polly EV I, think has completely debunked that notion and I know that my colleague ms may would do the same thing in a heartbeat if she had the opportunity to do so. So we are at this impasse where we would like to know what the political considerations were that are noted in mr. Dean's report and also alluded to in some recent interviews from Jodi Wilson Raybould and from Jane Philpott. Now, after the report was made public on August 15th, Jodi, Wilson Raybould was interviewed by CBC and it was a lengthy interview by Vashi caballus and she was asked a number of times with respect to what had happened and her comments. With respect to the report of the ethics commissioner, and in one of her questions, she made very clear that I in a fight will quote into the record. I would not change the actions that I took I, believe that Canadians want to see in their public officials, particularly ones that hold offices like the Attorney General of Canada, that they will be making decisions not based on political considerations but based on the fundamental understanding of the law. Based on the fundamental understanding about. We maintain the fundamental tenants of our democracy and are constantly vigilant on that, and she says that she would not change any of her actions, because she will not make decisions that are not embraced on principles or the values that she has always embraced. She goes on to say later on that upholding independence and upholding the rule of law was what she was doing in her role. As the Attorney General and a number of times, she indicated in other parts of her interview that she had questions with respect to political considerations. After Ms Wilson reybold's interview, Jane Philpott was further interviewed by Bacchic apalis and she got more to the point. She talked very specifically about considerations that should and should not be taking into account when she was when can when decisions were being made, and this is what she says. She's asked the question whether or not there was a conflict for the purposes of benefitting a private corporation. The ethics commissioner determined, but the Prime Minister often speaks about his motivation, and if you say that you don't know for sure that it wasn't, why do you think he was motivated by or what do you think he was motivated by and miss Philpott says I, don't think it's motivations that concerns people as much as whether or not we hold in regard? What is in the best interest of the country and that we hold in regard the very pillars of what our democracy is founded upon, and one of those pillars is that our justice system needs to be independent and with my emphasis, mr. chair and politicians, who have the desire to further their political career, to ensure that they will win an election to potentially support those who may have supported them financially or in other ways. Those are not the kind of motivations that should be on politicians minds when it comes to a criminal matter, and it's extremely clear that politicians, an executive and legislative branch should not interfere with the judicial branch of government. Those were Jane Philpott's words which caused me to think. Well. What information does she have? That causes her to have such a very strong point of view on what political considerations may or may not have been in consideration when decisions were being made? And that brings me mr. chair to the issue of this waiver. The reason why the ethics commissioner was unable to get further in terms of political considerations other than the four times he clearly notes. Where he believes that the Prime Minister through himself or through his staff, were politically interfering, the reason why he can't get any more granularity on it is because, as he noted, he was unable to get the relevant information that he wanted and I'm gonna read from his report on page 5, paragraph 14 actually was start with 13 in order to gain access to as much relevant information as possible on March 29 2019 I instructed legal counsel in our office to engage with counterparts in the Privy Council office to request that witnesses being able to provide all of their evidence to our office. Despite several weeks of discussions, the offices remains at an impasse over access to cabinet confidences on May 3rd 2019 I raised the matter directly with the prime minister. During his interview through legal counsel, mr. Trudeau stated he would consult with the Privy Council office to see whether the order-in-council could be amended now. The ordering counsel that were speaking of mr. chair, of course, is the ordering counsel that was passed by cabinet in to allow Jodi, Wilson, Raybould and Jane Philpott to speak up to a certain point up to a certain point in time and after that point in time was reached. They could not speak to matters that had cabinet confidence around them. On May 28, 2009 teen, with the issue of access to cabinet confidence, is resolved. I wrote to the newly appointed clerk of the Privy Council Ian shugart I, set out. The concerns expressed by witnesses noted above and I, explained what I believe to be the legislative framework that at least implicitly authorizes our office to access. Such information I cited provisions of both the conflict of interest Act in the Parliament of Canada Act. That prohibit me from revealing confidences of the Queen's Privy Council in the context of public declarations of recusal and our annual reports. Respectfully I explained that I understood these prohibitions to mean that our office would have prima facie access to this information and I drew the analogy between these prohibitions and the restrictions on the disclosure of confidential information placed on me in the course of examinations, and why I would have similar access to and a similar prohibition on publishing cabinet confidences. In that context, that was the ethics commissioners pitch on May 28 to the clerk of the Privy Council explaining why he should be able to receive the information that the prime minister said was being held back due to cabinet confidence. In a letter dated June 13, the clerk of the Privy Council declined my request for access to all cabinet confidences in respect of this examination. Mr. Trudeau's legal counsel indicated that the decision on whether to expand the waiver was made by the Privy Council office without the involvement of the prime minister or his office. But, as we know from this long and sordid drawn-out affair that we've been witnessing since January, we all know that there's always somebody that can overrule a bureaucrat and that's exactly what mr. Trudeau wanted. Jodi Wilson were able to do so for him to say that he wasn't part of the decision actually is completely irrelevant, because he always has the power to tell the clerk of the Privy Council. What to do, however, I continue reading because of the decisions to deny our office. Further access to cabinet confidences witnesses were constrained in their ability to provide all evidence. I was therefore prevented from looking over the entire body of evidence to determine its relevance to my examination. Decisions that affect my jurisdiction under the Act by setting parameters on my ability to receive evidence should be made transparently and democratically by Parliament emphasis here, not by the very same public office holders who are subject to the regime. I administer I'm convinced that if our office is to remain truly independent and fulfill, its purpose, I must have unfettered access to all information that could be relevant to the exercise of my mandate. I must be satisfied that decisions made by the most senior public office holders, including those discussed at cabinet, are free from any conflicts of interest. In the present examination, I have gathered sufficient factual information to properly determine the matter on its merits, because of my inability to access all cabinet confidences related to the matter. I must, however, report that I was unable to fully discharge the investigatory duties conferred on me by the Act. Now. Why is this important? This is important, because the ethics commissioner is detailing very clearly that he sought to get information on cabinet competences that were outside the waiver. The Prime Minister already had given Jane Philpott as well in her interview, said very clearly when she was asked by that she could palace whether or not there is any further information that she thought was relevant that was covered by the waiver. She's asked. Are you in possession of any information that you think that ethics, commissioner, should have had access to answer? There are pieces of information that I am aware of that. I am NOT Liberty to speak about. She further goes on later. To say this is Jane Philpott again. So what I would point out to Canadians is what the ethics commissioner said is that he was unable to get enough information to make a determination in terms of whether or not there was a breach of the conflict of interest. Act or not. So it didn't in a sense, hold him back from being able to make a determination on this, but I would say- and this is from Jane Philpott again- that I can affirm that there are pieces of information that I am aware of, but that, because of the oath, that I made to Queen a country to keep in secret that which shall be kept secret according to the oath that I made as a cabinet minister that unless I am released from that obligation, that I am not at liberty to share those pieces of information either with you or with the conflict of interest in ethics. Commissioner, so we know that there's more information out there, Jodi Wilson Reybold, has said that, as has Jane Philpott and indeed the ethics commissioner attempted to get it, he was unable to get it by virtue of the decision of the prime minister. That is not fully cooperating with the ethics commissioner and again, as I said before, that deserves to be reviewed. More importantly, and most recently there has been the publication of a book and the book is written by a CBC reporter by the name of Aaron, weary and in it Aaron weary had unprecedented access to the prime minister on this topic. Now, if you recall mr. chair I said to you that there are certain things that the Attorney, General or Myr Attorney General, couldn't discuss that the former president of the board of the Treasury Board could not discuss. That was not given to the ethics, commissioner, that the witnesses were not allowed to talk to, and one of those things was what happened after the resignation of Jodi Wilson Raybould and what happened in the meetings between the prime minister and the former attorney general, because that waiver was cut off when the former attorney general left her time as Attorney General and moved to Veterans Affairs and, as you know, she resigned from Veterans Affairs after that, but miraculously it would appear that the concept of cabinet confidence doesn't apply to the prime minister. Much like every other rule seems to not apply to the prime minister, quite frankly, because in his incomplete access he gave to this writer. Aaron weary was to detail the meeting that he had with Jodi Wilson Raybould post her time becoming the menace Veterans Affairs he's waiving cabinet confidence to a reporter in order to get his side out in a novel, and yet the ethics commissioner cannot receive this information. Jodi Wilson Raybould says there is an information. Jane Philpott says there, information that is of interest to Canadians. So I would like to ask the ethics commissioner, whether or not he has taken any legal advice as to whether or not there has been a waiver of this cabinet confidence by the prime minister himself to cover the period of time. That is currently not an extended over the period of time. That would be of great interest to Canadians, and that would be something that I think that would be of great interest to Canadians and I also believe that it is something that goes to the heart of ensuring that we get to the bottom of the matter and picking up on what Elizabeth May said just a few minutes ago. This is the kind of scandal and the kind of actions that warrant the highest level of punishment. We can't force that, but it can be at the discretion. Clearly, as she said, it's not going to be happening, but we still owe it to Canadians to understand and give them the truthful information. What has happened, and not just take the word of the prime minister, because we have seen over and over again the Prime Minister simply does not keep his word. Thank you. Thank you. Mr. eight, next up mr. McKinnon seems pleased ocid HZ thoroughly the commutator sis thank Semin over five weeks diplomat, not appalled, ETA. This was a whopper mr. Commissioner Adam. What communis I got my taste as a given a fake kiss a concentrate, unique. What the Israelis are poor aunt, guita Japan sake, sis go to table io, 2 kg, whose job is that really would expect Midna news of all OCR guid de Labarre dan mclellen, a guy polio, to leave us yeah. Yes, the justice committee shut down their study. If they want to have an McClellan, they can go back to the Justice Committee. This is about the ethics committee, so to be bringing an McClellan, a former liberal report in go back to the Justice Committee, which you shut down. This is about the simply so we're all for the work the Commissioner's Office do to support all members of the house and at all times the commissioners report is quite detailed and Canadians have had a good opportunity to familiarize themselves with the content the Prime Minister. Thank the commissioner and accepted the report, though he disagrees with the conclusions, especially especially when so many jobs were at stake, and that is no laughing matter. He has already announced that steps would be taken to ensure no government goes through a similar situation in the future. This government, as should any government, take seriously the responsibility of standing up for jobs and growing the economy, and it's the responsibility of any Prime Minister to stand up for people's jobs. In fact, it's the responsibility of all members of parliament and people whose jobs are on the line should expect no less of their elected right of order. Mr. chair yeah, mr. it is customary that when a member quotes a document in the committee that he or she tabled the documents so that all members can see it, the member across the way claims to have an analysis from the government showing 9,000 jobs were at stake, and he just tabled that. So we can all have a look at that analysis. Thanks mm-hmm, I would ask mr. McKenna. Are you able to the table that for the committee today? No, that's not, nor is that important, Norah's not a point of order, mr. chairman, nor is that a point of order that member and his rich experience in Canada's private sector will have to look at his views with some skepticism -. It's the responsibility of any prime minister to stand up for people's jobs and livelihoods across the country, and it should be the job of all members of parliament while upholding, of course, at all times, the rule of law. This is all fine, but we are talking about a specific report and the only job that is referenced it being risk is in the report where the Prime Minister said he was speaking as the MP of Papineau. So I would ask my colleague since mr. Marino had no evidence of job loss. Why he's making facts up now when we're talking about a factual finding of guilt against a prime minister who improperly used his position to further interest, is a very powerful corporation. That is the issue before us, not this spin of falsehood of jobs, because that was proven false by the ethics commissioner. So if the member has evidence that wasn't supplied to the ethics commissioner, perhaps it's one of the nine witnesses that were not allowed to testify that knew all about these jobs. I'd ask him to put that on the table or spare us. These liberal talking points that have been proven false and have continued the falsehoods by this prime minister. Thank you, mister and I guess. That's debate. We'll go back to mr. McKinnon to finish mr. chair, where I come from, we listen to folks and then we get to speak and we have a healthy exchange. I've been now interrupted three times by things that were not points of order and I hope that the committee will indulge the rest of our statement. Mr, D and ladies to be clear. The chair has the discretion to hear points of order and D here, of course, eight and has a responsibility to keep things in order, I'm just expressing it through to just acknowledge the chair and his role. He give you things in order. Thank you and I appreciate your your attention today. Mr. chair, the prime minister's objective throughout, as he stated, was to protect thousands of jobs in Canada all the while ensuring the integrity and the independence of the justice system. As has been confirmed on multiple occasions, no Direction was ever given to the Attorney General former attorney general and McClellan, also authored a report. Having spoken with all former attorneys general as well as constitutional scholars, and offers recommendations, including a process and a set of principles by which to guide the relationship between the Attorney General and the government, both the Prime Minister and the Attorney General have already stated that they will be looking at how to best implement those recommendations, such as the protocol on interactions with the Attorney, General and better education for all parliamentarians. On defining the role. Now, the matter before us today has been studied quite extensively. The Justice Committee held over 1313 hours, comprehensive testimony from ten different witnesses over a five-week span, and we now have a very thorough 63 page report by the commissioner. The opposition's claim to simply wanting the facts is contradicted by the fact that what they seek is found in the commissioners report is already public on top of the thirteen hours of testimony that I just referenced. So the only conclusion that I and members of this committee can come to is that the opposition seeks to prolong this process for reasons of politics reasons of partisan games, and is for that reason. Mr. chair, that we will be opposing this motion will go on next to mr. Erskine Smith go ahead when I was a first made vice chair of this committee. I, don't think anyone realized how popular would be so welcome everyone two points of clarification first, so when misery talks about procedural fairness, of course, a decision-maker owes procedural fairness to the subject of an investigation. It's not the other way around and to to silence. Seen mrs. Wilson Raybould I watched hours of testimony before the Justice Committee I read 43. So on pages of testimony in which, at the very end she said she had nothing more to add a final process. I think just two points of clarification. I'm not gonna, support this motion because of any as she was in the writing yesterday and so I just wanna be clear. I'm also not supporting this motion because of any purported grassroots conservative campaign. I got ten emails from my riding. It's not that's! Not what motivated me I will be supporting this motion, though, to invite the commissioners discusses report, one in the interest of transparency and accountability and two because in my own considered view I think the ethics commissioners conclusions are actually legally flawed in many respects and I'd like to ask him some questions about his legal mistakes. So I've, given a lot of thought to what happened. I've read what feels like a never-ending set of materials and coverage and in the interest of making. Probably nobody happy. I want to share a few of my own conclusions, a number of which I've shared publicly before so, first and and and generally I, think it is both true at the same time that the Attorney General did not exercise sufficient due diligence on the file. But it's also true at the same time that the PMO's are pressure that should not have been exerted. The cha-cha, the Shawcross doctrine states that an Attorney General may but is not obliged to consult with colleagues and the government, and indeed it would be, in some cases a mistake not to consult a 2014 general directive states. It is quite appropriate for the Attorney General to consult with cabinet colleagues before exercising his or her powers under the DPP Act in respect of criminal proceedings. Indeed, sometimes it will be important to do so to be cognizant of paying government perspectives. Now McClellan's reports also clear and examine the evidence that the Attorney General could have engaged in conversations with the DPP which she suggested she cannot have could have asked for more information and solicited a second opinion now to understand all public policy considerations here and I. Take MS Mays point that there was not a sufficient economic impact analysis. I'll tell you if ms may or I were perhaps mr. Kenworthy attorney general. The right course of action would have been to request an economic impact analysis from the finance minister or a third party when you've got a section, 13 notice, public interest notice from your attorney from your DPP and well Commissioner. Dion was right that these considerations should not bear on history analysis under the Act. They do color the overall situation and the deputy minister's comments in testimony to deal raised. The same concerns for me. At the same time, Dion's report and it's factual findings made clear that the PMO exerted pressure that should not have been exerted. The Shawcross doctrine is clear that the government is not to pressure the Attorney General at all, for any reason and McClellan's recommendations to establish new protocols for existing standards are themselves an acknowledgment that what took place should not have taken place. It is important that the prime minister has acknowledged. Mistakes were made and I trust that McClellan's recommendations will be implemented. Third and I know my conservative colleagues, perhaps all all colleagues on the other side will disagree with me, but I personally have even thought about this. A lot I think that the reaction, an outrage to this situation has been disproportionate to these original mistakes of improper pressure and I'll, give three reasons one. In my view, a DPA should have been more seriously considered. Organizations are made up of good people and bad people when bad people do bad things in those organizations they should be held criminally responsible to the fullest extent of the, but the good people in those organizations so long as the organization has reformed their practices, those good people, the employees, the innocent employees- should should not suffer as a result. -, given that this was a new law and that the Attorney General has never intervened under the DPP Act. A second opinion from Chief Justice, McLaughlin she's, you know, former Chief Justice McLaughlin makes sense to me. I disagree with the awn's finding that there was any tantamount direction, but from what I read from his report, I can see in fact how there were repeated efforts to ask for a second opinion and improper repeated efforts to ask for a second opinion where I disagreed in reading his report. I could see no evidence that the analysis or advice of Chief Justin of Laughlin was in any way predetermined, and he made that factual finding, which I think is an incorrect, factual. Finding a second opinion from a respected jurist in this situation. I think would have been reasonable and, lastly, in the end there would have always been a great deal of transparency, even if the Attorney General had succumbed to that improper pressure and changed her mind. Mcclellan notes that, with the creation of the DPP in 2006, one of the very few things I will say the former Conservative government did well, but the creation of that that DPP in 2006, the federal justice system, has now undergone the most significant organizational change in the last half century. According to McClellan and any decision, any decision by the Attorney General to intervene must be in writing and public and again McClellan notes that its use would bring a high degree of public and political scrutiny. Lastly, and related I do not accept Dion's findings that there was a conflict of interest. In my view, that conclusion is legally incorrect and mr. weary you've highlighted some of the reasons why the Prime Minister and his staff were and even read, Dion's report on multiple occasions. They are referencing jobs and we can, and we can question the evidence, their evidentiary foundations of their intentions, but their intentions. The the conversations with with Jerry Buss the conversations with the staffers that mr. Trudeau himself are saying we care about protecting jobs and Dion documents, multiple instances of this, so they were standing up for jobs, albeit mistakes in doing so, but in my opinion, having read the evidence, they were standing up in the public interest. At no time were they improperly furthering a private interest. Under the Act there was a breach of Shawcross, but not a conflict of interest. A conflict would occur if, as a public office holder, I further a family members interest I further a friends interest, my own interest or as any basic statutory interpretation where we read the act consistently with reference to other parts of the act and the purpose of the act, we would find that basket Clause that one ought not to improperly further a similar interest. Conflicts are inherent, they demand recusal. They are unchanged actually by proper or improper pressure. Making mistakes to stand up for the public interest is not a conflict, though it was a breach of the Shawcross doctrine. The commissioners, analysis and conclusions are, in my own view, legally wrong on this point now, to the extent that partisan considerations- because those are mentioned on four occasions in a report- were brought to bear first, no one should have brought these concerns and in fact, McClellan's protocol would prevent any politically exempt staff from participating in any conversations going forward. Now, of course, mr. Trudeau said I'm the member from Papineau. His own evidence to the commissioner was anchored in his experience with his constituents and his understanding of the negative consequences of layoffs for communities and I'll. Tell you if Andrew Shearer is elected and stands up for dairy farmers or I continue to stand up for animals or if the member from Oshawa had said. You know what I'm the member for Oshawa and I'm concerned about the GM plant, closing or I say to Bill Blair I'm, the member from beaches, East, York and you're. Damn right, we have to do something about gun violence. It's not so clear. It's not so clear that these are always partisan considerations as McClellan cites. One respected scholar in many instances and I think we can all. As partisan politicians acknowledge this in many instances, the approach that has taken may benefit the public, while also serving partisan interests as interests, and, lastly, public opinion will be the final arbiter of whether the primary motivation is not partisan and, yes, motivations do matter. In my view, the primary motivation in in this instance was to protect the public interest in jobs. The public interest was pursued improperly, but at no time to the prime minister and properly further a private interest. The Commissioner is legally wrong and I would like him to sit right there. So he could answer questions about how he got the how he got this analysis so completely completely wrong. Hmm Thank You mr. Erskine Smith go ahead. Chemistry, I have great respect for my honorable colleagues. I worked with him for four years. He's very complex. I just need to hear. Did he say he was voting against or voting for to have mr. Dion speak to our committee. That's I just need to clarify that I'm voting for bringing Dion to this committee. Thank you, my friend. Thank you for that clarification. Already. We do have a speaker's list again. So we have mr. Paul yath, go ahead, I think mr. Erskine Smith for his intervention, and he claims that the Prime Minister was acting in the in the public and not the private interest. Of course, the ethics commissioner finds exactly the opposite. He finds that the Prime Minister was acting in the private interest of S&C lavell on and improperly so, thus the guilty finding under section 9 of the conflict of interest and ethics Act. Yet mr. Erskine Smith goes on repeating what he admits. He has no proof to state, which is that this was about jobs. I reiterate that the top four players in the Prime Minister's team, who tried to get a special deal for SNC Lavin admit they have no evidence that jobs would be lost. The Prime Minister admitted it during a press conference, his top bureaucrat admitted it before committee, his top advisor Gerald BOTS admitted it before committee and his finance minister admitted it right to the ethics commissioners face again. I will read it. The quote in paragraph 21 26, when asked if mr. Morneau or his office had undertaken a study or analysis of the economic impacts of the Director of Public Prosecutions decision. Miss no testified that none had been conducted, and we know why, because they would not have got the answer. They were looking for essence. Essence: Neal, Avalons work is rooted in construction. Construction typically has to be done on site and therefore the jobs associated with that construction could not simply vanish into thin air. The headquarters is bound to stay here until 2024 and the company just signed a multi-decade lease on that headquarters in the city of Montreal, and as for this excuse, that SNC would be banned from federal contracts and therefore all kinds of jobs would be lost. Well, one. Obviously those contracts would go to companies that also employ Canadians. But to that ban on bidding for federal contracts is a cabinet policy. If the Prime Minister simply wanted to preserve SNC's ability to bid on federal work after conviction, he could have allowed them to do so. He could simply have changed that policy to give the company an exemption and allow it to continue to bid on federal work. So mr. McKinnon and mr. Erskine Smith both admit that they have no evidence whatsoever to substantiate the jobs claim and the jobs claim is mr. erskine Smith's purported public interest, but there is no evidence to support that that that public interest actually existed. Then there must have been a private interest at work. So what motivated? Well, let me quote a recent story from The, Globe and Mail on this subject: Mary, oh, don't do the federal ethics watchdog lay bare the all too cozy under side of corporate Canada in finding the Prime Minister and his team violated the conflict of interest act by relentlessly pushing former attorney General Jody Wilson Raybould to drop a criminal case against SNC Laughlin by naming names and detailing exactly what played out behind closed doors. Last fall. Mr. Dion showed how how top executives at one of the country's largest banks came in to to feature prominently in this political drama. Mr. Dion's report details the role that the Bank of Montreal board, chairman Robert Pritchard and BMO vice-chairman Kevin Lynch played in lobbying the Trudeau liberals on behalf of SNC Lavin, including multiple pitches, the pair made to former president of the Treasury Board Scott Brison, last October and November. Here's where things get far too cute. Mr. Bryson stepped down as cabinet minister early early this year to become vice chair of the investment banking arm of you guests, at Bank of Montreal, according to mr. diem, mr. Pritchard and Lynch first reached out to mr. Bryson mid-october on an unrelated matter, then used the conversation to persuade the politician to give SNC LAV led a remediation agreement. Mr. Bryson later told the ethics commissioner, that quote the company's concerns, appeared sensible and he contacted miss Wilson Raybould the same day to bring the company's concerns to her attention and mr. Wilson Raybould said something to the effect of the lady's not for turning explaining. She could not interfere in the prosecution of SNC Lavin, and so here we have just one instance: the the chairman and the vice chairman of one of Canada's, most powerful banks, who also happened to be linked to SNC Laughlin, asked the Treasury Board President to help the company get a deal the same day. He calls the Attorney General and carries out their request, and what do you know a few months later he's all of a sudden vice chairman of that at that same Bank. So the members across expect us just to believe blindly that the Prime Minister was just waging a war in favor of the public interest when he will Lesly hounded his Attorney General to interrupt the prosecution of the company, but I have just one example here of where there were clearly private interests at stake. Clearly, cozy relationships were between extremely powerful people, back-scratching reciprocal back-scratching, and we want to know, given that this whole job's excuse has been debunked and that the government, including mr. McKenna mckennon, admit, there's no evidence for it. What was the real motivation here? Why did the prime minister go to such lengths to protect this company and if there are more stories like this one know we're top bankers go to it, a cabinet minister? He jumps as soon as they ask him to and then gets a job at that Bank, four or five months later, then this government has a lot more to answer for and if it's not afraid of the truth, all the members on the other side will they will vote to. Let us see that truth. Thank you again. Mr. polio of next up mr. Angus Thank You mr. chair I left home at 5:00 a.m. yesterday morning to catch my flight here is: may I.