Just let our friends come in good morning, everyone it's great to be back in Whitby and thank you for coming out, I'm happy to be joined today by Ryan turbo, as we talk about our liberal plan to keep moving on Canada forward for families for Ontarians and for everyone we're here today at baby, shack with local families. Talking about the joy and expense of raising kids as a dad of three myself, including a 12 year old, who had his birthday today. I know that for all the fun and wonderful parts of parenting, it's a huge financial commitment. That's why our liberal team has been focused on helping parents from day one when we formed government in 2015. The very first thing we did was cut taxes for the middle class and raise them on the wealthiest one percent, and shortly after that, we introduced a can of the Child Benefit, because we knew that families here in Ontario and right across the country needed the extra help you see. The old Harper government was sending Child Benefit checks to millionaires. We didn't think that was right because liberals believe in helping the people who actually need it, so we scrapped Harper's, boutique cat tracks credits and brought in the more generous tax free, Canada, Child Benefit, and over the past few years the CCB has made a real difference for hardworking Canadian parents, I've heard from parents right across the country who used their CCP money for things like new shoes, field trips and skating lessons. The CCB gives parents the breathing new room, they need and deserve, and that's why we indexed it to inflation two years ahead of schedule, but we're going to do even more because we believe in investing in families a reelected Liberal government will increase the Canada child benefit by 15% for kids under one that'll mean up to a thousand dollars more in your pocket. On top of the regular CCB amount. We're doing this because we realize that crucial first year comes with some big expenses, things like cribs, strollers and car seats. Many things you can purchase right here at the baby shaft. We think new parents should focus their time and what little energy they have left after 2:00 a.m. feedings on their new baby, not on trying to scrape by on top of increasing the CCB will also make maternity and parental benefits, tax-free, diaper, diapers formulas, new clothes for a little one. That grows ways too fast. These things cost a lot, but by increasing the canada child benefit for kids under one and making maternity and paternity benefits tax-free up front. A reelected liberal government will give families the help they need when they need it most. In just a few days, Canadians will head to the polls and Andrew Shearer wants people to think this election is about me, but this election is not about me. It's about you, it's about Canadians and between now and Monday. Here's what people in Ontario have to ask themselves. Are you ready for even more harmful conservative cuts, cuts that are four times larger than Doug Ford's Andrew Shearer privada Cooper of the second wah Millia da da la oh cool design, questions any second to Amelia, chattering, Joseph, don't mattoni, show some perspective, Rick Cooper of Danville shear. So please report on scale at very low federal, invest in an assault. E7E say: go to a military school, a difference in an oppressed, a co destinos inning Lonnie Posse C+ curve, F whoa. It's gonna be signal a decision Shakuni. He could do for the coup de nieve, an allocation Canadian to have in order to slash fifty three billion dollars in spending Andrew shears conservatives will have to make massive cuts to the programs and services that you rely on. Ontario families can't afford any more conservative cuts. You need a government that will invest in you and give you the support. You need to succeed if you want to build a better future for our kids and grandkids and I mean really build a better future. Voting conservative won't get us there. The Liberal Party is the only party that can form government and has a plan to fight climate change. We can't afford to let conservatives take us back. A vote for the Liberals is a vote to move forward really mahalo lady who's. About that, let's say real control. This arm I feel a little cold. If some automatic is it an MST son, Kanoa community in office, our conference Oh Canadian convoy, yeah, really not really behind, but to true fairly intelligent alchemy. They are some effective Wafaa come Ryan, Turnbull, Ottawa /, continuing the fair haven't seen at V Perry with CBC News Andrew Shearer says that you're gonna tax people's homes, you're gonna legalize hard drugs. He now says that a NDP liberal coalition would raise the GST. Do you have any plans to raise the GST? And what do you think about these claims or mister share? Both claims are entirely untrue. It is unfortunate that the Conservatives to keep having to make up attacks against us, but all they're offering is cuts, cuts four times greater than Doug Ford's. So perhaps that's all they can do is make things up. We are focused on making life more affordable for Canadians, on fighting climate change and on getting guns off our streets. These akashi, these attack, the he's, attacked Andrew here so folks, the poverty ifalcon devil, t v--, shows Bastille, know Vienna of three o Canadian. So the Cooper you not claw Plock Bahama it pleased about that belief. Any political disarm, a climactic Eva on Vinny's armature, the noise and Russia R has said repeatedly. He has no intention of reopening the abortion debate, and yet your party keeps raising questions about his commitment to a woman's right to choose. How is that any different than what Andrew shares doing to you? Mr Shearer has not said that he would stand up for access to reproductive services in New Brunswick, where a conservative premier is watching the only private clinic to provide reproductive services to women close down because they don't get provincial funding. We need a federal government that will unequivocally stand up and defend women's rights, not passively accept what the law is, even though they don't personally agree with it. We need a government that will fight for women's rights and that's exactly what we will do. You know in New, Brunswick and anywhere else. Access to reproductive rights and services are limited by conservative governments. Good morning mr. Trudeau Joyce Napier CTV many things happened during a campaign, but two in particular the rise of the block, a Bitcoin Quebec and the rise in the polls of jugman Singh in the rest of the country. Were you expecting that we know that you can't take any votes for granted in an election and Canadians have an important choice to make about the kind of future they want for the kids but the kind of government they want to have come Tuesday morning and that's why we've made very clear when our focus is what our focus has been for the past four years. Investing in families making sure the families have more help with the high costs, raising their kids with things like the Canada Child Benefit that helps those families that need it and doesn't help the families of millionaires. We're focused on fighting climate change. With the most ambitious plan the Canada has ever had to fight climate change, we're focused on strengthening gun control and getting guns like assault, weapons and handguns off our streets. The Conservatives are focused on proposing cuts on weakening gun control and on stopping the fight against climate change. The choice is clear: do we move forward on making life more affordable for families on fighting climate change, on getting guns off our streets, or do we go with conservative cuts? What do you think this rise of these two parties happened during this campaign, I think in a campaign Canadians, look at all sorts of different paths for work, look at different ways of making the choice about where their government is headed, and we see that it boils down with days to go before the election between a choice between conservative cuts and a liberal government that will continue to make life more affordable for Canadians fight, climate change and get guns off our streets. So to do the communist regime ones, Rick, Blaine hates me until lucky, Becky tell our prefer. He'd laugh in a ratio, satanic stuff in a faggot, each Canada, coupon citizen declare a solemn surpassed, Monsieur Higgs direct. They found a lead, Wadi fam, yes, really like salabhasana poor truth, - ooh, new brunswick in news, a low gravity process, early men, Susan Berman conservator- did one FM soda Fonzie Milner view the conservator. The police, a conservator at reveille, be sick on a purpose when the Satake conditions limiting heels at home in just monitors why the progress has come on. Okay back, give only t contractions multimatic is it for today are 50-pot a VAR b new positio plug racist, come news of kali bloc, québécois Sanibel, the québécois on goober anima, poor, Tanya tech console it's a conservator keynote Valerie a fire than a good conditions, much romantic in overcoats anyway. The relative conceded shame in a Volvo. What, if you don't even know the news of a big zoo, the chef conservator and who share the kitchen general Kondapalli meanest shortly to Midway? But when I appreciate him in this promised you a more valleys and I'll come after the fact. Relax agenda excuse I beam, a modified all of you. Demo trio, codecademy ami call Quebec in approach, because I have a clip common. It's only people. Every soul is investor small knife, restrictor planet, confessions, mathematic, the Copeland Park, an idea, Paul Elliott, poor sing. It is across Horizonte affair. Is a racist man. Akopian Rohan's wake overcoats injury, they met the person is triangle: Brunswick, a a triviality, okay, Don Jose, West, yzma, c'mon, opee democracy, the political sabotage come easy Doug for no Valpo, ever seen on our community non infrastructure necessary over kawaii, a vaguely municipality director, ma processor, a cone aid list wire concrete is economy, the community, profound news, a low total travel, a polar, be honest way, avec to no pattern, a 2d feminists that have led. We recognize that there have been a lot of positive progress made over the past four years with the premiers across the country, whether it was strengthening the Canada Pension Plan, whether it was renegotiating health, the courts, whether it was historic investments in housing in infrastructure, in transit right across the country or whether it was establishing a can Canadian plan to fight climate change. We recognize that their elements on which conservative premiers don't want to act, whether it's the fight against climate change or investing in communities, but we're going to continue to focus on Canadians on the investments they need and on the fight against climate change. Passive. Oh, the tree looks at cadre our youth Nepal, a Quebec atresia d'etre deputy da Peppino québécois theory, Canadian Eskimo pew accompli, who code Academy on e se, T Pascal, the québécois on Swasey, the search one animal progresses over 80 -, wizard, icon opposition in Swasey, the party novela Quebec was a travelogue P, a traveler Lomond. The defense did what a fan that defends the community LGBT, the lewd confessions, mathematic, Joshua, Davis, still very funny. Critical austerity city shows silikal lick. Iroquois soda owners was in the liver, mama Quilla fetes, ah hello, on what coats anyway, for our chili Cooper in austerity, austerity conservatism in size, every shape opposition, both my dilute now Quebec, riskier or general, are look around us Casilla for general to do still block of multiboot amoeba cuantos Oh Lord, Walder, choisir Calvo, lava, present Ottawa Manasa Felicio equivocado, fastener schwa, flat recline Eskenazi in opposition, Congress's McGovern, AMA, Pro, racist, all of the components ISM the cupola Monsieur Harper uncle to allude contractions, my climatic, the best day, Papa linear Nazi, originally funny the québécois Donald Oh, Stephen, Harper Pascoe, save a soprano government you have flattened oval, are develop. Addresses Canadian is equally valid. Racist sequel, governor macragge resist the governor. Much was he dating Lee fami, your new baby Huber's way diapers. When leader, boo, Stephanie KSC the news, a knee-jerk Marcus implemented new currency, drug mafia security. Diaz, please I need application, concern stronger, mama, DePandi's, actual concrete political tensions. Mathematic Coco Zurita diplomat deal in Manila selves rapala to the Canada Asian, a political tensions. Mathematic le québécois come to the Canadian hunters. Were a putana felons ESCO continued ever see. A burger gamma given represented on oval are a Donald, is a porno mayor west, oh yeah, yeah, african-american cell that are given could be so they measure of G CBC. Mr. trio, you repeated a few times in French over the last few days that can could wake up on Tuesday morning with a Conservative government with Andrew Shearer as Prime Minister you're, now running English radio ads with that sentence, I'd like to know, if that does happen, is it your fault? I think Canadians have a choice to make Canadians I'm, confident we'll make the right choice, a choice between conservative cuts or continuing to move forward on making life more affordable on fighting climate change, on getting guns off the streets? I'm not taking any vote for granted and I know. Canadians are reflecting on the kind of future they want for their kids for their grandkids I'm, confident that we're gonna make the right choice and move forward that sentence more in French and in radio ads and not at the podium like right now. I'm happy to to repeat what Mr Shearer is saying in that there is a chance that there could be a Conservative government, and that would mean cuts. It will mean fifty three billion dollars in cuts four times bigger cuts. Then even Doug Ford is doing in Ontario. I know, Ontarians, don't want that I know Canadians across the country. Don't want that. The choice we are facing on Monday is: do we continue to move forward and making life more affordable in fighting climate change and getting guns off our streets, or do we accept a Conservative government with cuts as its main agenda? Abaco Beaman, Global News, a Global News investigation this morning showed that in the cases of some people wanted for deportation. If they have a detection for long enough, the CBSA will simply cancel their arrest warrant. Should that practice continue. Unfortunately, over ten years of Conservative government, there were massive cuts to the Canada Border Services Agency, which was extremely unfortunate, but it is what happens when a Conservative government chooses cuts to services instead of moving forward on investing in communities investing in community safety investing in Canadians. We, of course take the responsibility of protecting the integrity of our borders and our immigration system extremely seriously, which is why we've made massive investments and we will continue to support the important work that the CBSA and our immigration officials do every single day. The practice of cancelling those arrest warrants continue. We will continue to make investments in CBSA to make sure that they are doing their job and ensuring the integrity and the full application of our immigration rules and laws. Canada is one of the few countries in the world where people are positive towards immigration because it has created such a strong country strong, not in spite of our differences, but because of them and the choice we have going forward is: do we see cuts to programs and services under a Conservative government that has done that in the past? Wants to do that again or do we make my life more affordable, get guns off our streets and fight climate change good morning yesterday and that, if you don't get the clear answer that you're doing so on purpose? Do you think the law is discriminatory? Yes or no? I have made it very clear that I do not think that a government should be telling people what it is. They should or shouldn't wear, but Quebecers themselves are taking this law to court and defending the Charter of Rights and Freedoms, as is their right. I have said that my federal government would not intervene at this stage, but I also have not closed the door to intervening at a later stage, because we understand that a federal government always needs to be there potentially to defend rights like women's rights like LGBT rights like minority rights like the rights of francophones outside of Quebec there with my preamble here, Mr Shearer gave a speech and Quebec earlier this week, directed at francophone bloc potential voters and in the room I went to see the only brown people who were there and I asked whether they supported mr. Sierra's position on bill 21, and the gentleman told me that he agrees with mr. Schurz position because he thinks Canada should be a Christian country. Do you think Canada should be a Christian country, I? Think Canada is a country that reflects that defending individual rights and freedoms is the core of any strong Society. We know that defending women's rights, minority rights, freedom of expression, freedom of exempt assembly defending people's rights is key to creating a strong, pluralistic society. That's exactly what Liberal Party will always stand for. We will always defend the Charter of Rights and Freedoms, which includes freedom of religion morning, Adrienne gobril with City News, City, TV Toronto. It's no coincidence that the Friday before an election, we're standing would be. This is a writing. That's wide open, especially after your former MP decided to leave your party and not run in this election. How concerned, are you about losing an important GTA rotting like movie? First of all, let me thank Selina Cesar for that again for her extraordinary service to this community and wish her the very best in her future we're not taking any votes for granted anywhere across the country, which is why I'm excited about getting out across Ontario, as I was across rural Quebec over the past few days, as I will be across different parts of the country. In the coming days to talk to Canadians about the really important choice we're facing on Monday we're facing either conservative cuts four times greater than Doug Ford's or a government that will continue to make life more affordable for Canadians, we'll fight climate change, we'll get guns off our streets, strengthening gun control. He said twice this morning: you're not taking taking any votes for granted, though there's many who believe this election will be won and lost in the GTA. Do you agree? There are 338 ridings right across this country, and every Canadians vote and voice counts. I, look forward to the opportunity to work right across the country to continue to earn the trust of Canadians with the investments we've made over the past years that have lifted hundreds of thousands of people out of poverty, including 300,000 kids, that have invested in the fight against climate change to record levels protected more of our oceans. More of our land banned single-use plastics, put a price on pollution right across the country over the objections of the conservative premiers, who want to do nothing and to continue to strengthen gun control. At a time where conservatives want to weaken it, this is an important election for every Canadian and that's why we're sharing this message from coast to coast to coast. Good morning, mr. Trudeau John cook, Durham Radio News, just wondering about Salinas's Irish events. Do you think that her experience in the whitby rioting has hurt the Liberals chance of taking this seat yeah? As I said, Selina has been an excellent representative and an excellent MP for for quippy and I. Thank her deeply for her service and I wish for the very best in the coming coming years. I know that Ryan Turnbull is going to make an outstanding member of parliament for for Whitby I, look forward to working with him and our great team right across the country to make life more affordable, to get guns off our streets and to fight climate change and to push back against conservative cuts and was the experience with Miss Sarah bans. Did that impact your decision to come to the Durham Region so late in the campaign? I am happy to be back in the Durham Region and continue to campaign right across the country to make sure that Canadians understand the important choice and the positive choice they get to make on continuing to deliver more help to families, safer communities and a better, stronger fight against climate change. Mr. Trudeau Justin Ling, freelance yesterday, the Trump administration signed an agreement with Turkey that basically greenlit their annexation of parts of northern Syria. Do you have concerns about that agreement? You have concerns about how it may impact our Kurdish allies, and you have concerns about how it may in fact lead to a conflict in the northern part of Syria. We are very concerned and strongly condemn turkeys incursion into Syria. We will continue to work with our international allies to push for stability, de-escalation in the region, to ensure that there is not a re rise of -. We will continue to play an important role in leading the NATO training mission in Iraq at the same time as Canada works alongside all our international partners to fight terrorism and push for stability in the Middle East. Okay, new condon, o Fatima le cochon de la serie, travailler avec, no, sorry, no Callaghan international for the simplest ability for this is can I be said situation. The Canada pleasure on Iraq we've shown leadership done omission. Dorota in will continue to have a lead on a ratio pour up a Vermont, a the - over the last four years. You've signaled support for the Kurdish people and you've even offered military aid that military aid never showed out. It sat in a Montreal warehouse for the past several years and exports military aid to at least the Iraqi Kurdish people have virtually stopped. So at a certain point, is your ally share more words than action? You've not said you'd do anything differently, you've not offered any sort of actual tangible support. So you know at a certain point: how can our allies trust that you'll do anything more than just express condemnation? When we got elected in 2015, we decided that Canada would not anymore have any engagements in Syria and we would focus our help in Iraq, and that is exactly what we've done. We've worked with multiple partners over the past four years to offer help support and strengthen our local allies in the fight against -. We will continue to work with our allies with international partners on stabilizing the region and pushing back against -. Yes, thank you all very much.