This is my dear friend just meet everybody. Okay, so I want to thank you, everyone for being here to celebrate the NDP on our great leader, jug Mead sing, but before we before we carry on I, want to invite. My dear friend shall clemo of snow Nemo to open us up in the proper way for our meeting here today, respected elders, respected friends and relatives, visitors and the multimeter nuts venomous and the monastic a Lafayette Lymington art. My name is hosi, hope and I am the child of circle up and swim. Jannard needs a nuts name. Oh I am from Spain mo patience. Quality is the name of come over today. We're welcoming you here to our territory: kini jauh Campinas awareness in the name of mestizo kalenna college squadrons following the traditions of our people, that you know who who who I am also I, didn't want you to think that in his busy schedule he took a stranger off the street and I know he's an awesome, human being and I know he keeps good company and I'm glad he's walking with his family. Today, yeah I'm thinking about the spirit of my ancestors right now and I'm gonna use a song to bring the spirit of those ancestors forward in in our in our languages or, if a word, that's called some Elson. So I want to clear a path for the words from these two powerful men here today and I'm. Also thinking about our safety and our return when we return home so I want you to have those thoughts about sending straight through the routers that need it. You can stand, you can sit down, but I am this. Song is called Chi, Chi walk and it means working together, Oh Oh now, as I normally do I've got my speech prepared for all of you. That's what the speech looks like. Oh just so you can see too. We've got I want to thank Gary very much for coming and opening for us in the proper way tonight. It's known, Abel, unceded territory and and for me, of course, as the First Nations man, it's very important that we recognize the lands that we are on, and the paths that we have in front of us for Canada is one of a full recognition of human rights for indigenous peoples and equality for all peoples within this country, and once we achieve that, we can be the country we can be all that we can be and that's the vision I have and in my heart I believe that we have a majority of people in this country that believe in equality. That believes that no one is better than the other, and this evening we have a very special guest you may have noticed. Today we have the champion for the common, hardworking Canadian. We have our dear leader, jug meat, Singh of the NDP, and so every day when I see my leader on the TV talking about how the government has lost its path, how the governments have forgotten the everyday Canadian and the challenges of living with low wages and high cost of living. My heart gets a little happier, knowing that we have such a champion fighting for all of us at the national stage and the NDP are going to continue to be that voice for the hard-working Canadians. As always, and the plan that we have is a very progressive plan, it outshines all the other election commitments from all other parties. It's one that's grounded in truth, it's one that's grounded in facts, and it's one that's grounded in ensuring that we reduce the cost of living for all Canadians. But I know that that many of you already know me. So you know that I could probably talk for at least another 20 minutes right, ready, 25. He says so without further ado. I want to introduce you to my dear friend, jug meat, Singh, NDP leader. Thank you very much friends for being here and the huge huge thank you to Bob for fighting so hard for the people in the nine m'lady Smith give it up once more to Bob Bob, Chamberlain, Bob I, don't know if Willie wanted to get shout it out, but I met him outside yeah and I was really excited. He's really proud of his sign and he's outside and I got to say hi to him. So I was really cool, no I think we're we're at capacity, so people couldn't get in. So that's why you stuck out friends, friends, I want to say I'm really honored, to be able to spend some time with you and I'm. Looking forward to our conversation, I want to hear questions from you and before we get into that, it's one a lay out a little bit of the struggles that we're facing in and a little bit of an update of what we're trying to do and then I want to get into questions from all of you. So you permit me: I, want to also acknowledge that as Bob did acknowledging the the traditional territories that were gathered on for us is more than just acknowledge them. As Bob pointed out, we also have to commit to a future where we remedy the historic injustice and the ongoing injustice is, and we do that in a way that that looks at the first people, this land, with this with dignity and respect and equality and fairness, and those are our guiding principles. We're gonna make sure so friends, we're gonna talk about a lot of topics and I want to focus a bit on on some of the problems that are faced with people right now, and so what we're seeing in in Canada is. We see on one hand the economy, that's going well, economy is booming, as they say, but then I meet with people, and they tell me that they're working harder than ever before, they're struggling hard and they feel like they're, not getting ahead. So the economy might be working, but it's not working for everyone right. It feels more and more like the economy is rigged and it's rigged to help those at the very top, the wealthiest, multi, billionaires and millionaires in corporations. It works for them and they keep on benefiting, but everyone else is struggling and I. Think about some of the real, concrete things that are going in going on in people's lives. We see people who cannot find housing. Housing is one of the most basic things that you need in your life and if you don't have housing, it's all you can think about, and it's not just owning a place. That's out of reach for people even renting a place is becoming out of reach for a lot of people. I remember, I was knocking on doors in the Burnaby by-election and I went up to a house and I met. Somebody I met a family I'm, a husband and wife at the doorsteps, and I asked them what their biggest concern was, and they said housing and I looked around. I saw this nice house. I was a little confused and he saw me looking around at the housing. No, no, we got a house, but we only can afford this place because we bought it a long time ago. We could never afford it today and our kids. They can't ever own a place, I'm gonna worried about them and they said. In fact one of our kids is lives in the basement. I'm gonna bring her up and you can talk her to her so I. Imagine a kitty. I thought they meant like. Like someone really young up comes up a young woman, a professional, a teacher have been teaching for six years, five or six years and she says: do I work. I have a good job. I earn a good salary with benefits, but I can't afford a place to live, and it's more and more the reality. People cannot find a place to live and that's that's a young professional who's been working for six years. Then we meet people on all ends of the spectrum seniors who are with losing their homes and that we just met a woman in in Campbell River River today, who lost her housing a couple months back and now is living in a tent in the backyard of her friend's house. She's living in a tent in the backyard of her friend's house and and I asked her about what what that must be like. It must be so hard. It's like you know what, if it was just me, I'd, be alright, but I'm worried about my kids. She said I, kids, that live with her and they can't find a place to live and Campbell River has no vacancy. It's basically zero vacancy. It's like two percent or something it cannot find a place, and if you find a place, it's astronomically expensive and so I. Look at that and I say well. What can we do like in a country as rich as ours? Does it make any sense that that's what's going on right? Does it make any sense that we can't have a system in place where everyone in our country has a place to live? You know, I mean it just it just boggles my mind and then I look at you know the other concerns that people have health care. People know we're proud of our health care system. We've got a health care system that was built on the idea that we want to take care of one another right, a really Canadian value that someone else is struggling. We believe we should all pitch in and help each other out, but more and more when you need that health care system that we're so proud of, it's not there for people and they need it. We're seeing that there's been an erosion of services and it's not a coincidence government's have chosen to cut funding and we're dealing with provinces that are being starved of the funding. They need and I think about what that means for people they can't get the care they need. I also meet so many people, so many Canadians. They cannot afford medication when they need it, I. Think about how illogical that is, you can go in and get diagnosed find out what's wrong with you, but you can't afford the medication to get better and how does it make any sense that you find people that get so sick? They end up in a hospital bed in the emergency room which costs $1500 a day because they couldn't afford a fall. $5 a day pill like this, the the sheer absurdity of that situation just flatters and this flattens me it shocks me and then I. Look at all these struggles and I see young people who are we're telling us they're, telling their parents telling leaders we've got people like Greta people like autumn, an indigenous woman from Ontario who go to the United Nations and say they speak truth to power and they demand. Why is it that world leaders governments are failing young people? Why are they betraying young people's future and they say how dare you betray us and ignore the facts and the science and I say young people who got in their eyes instead of having hope and excitement for the future, they're afraid and worried. I think what a betrayal to those young people's future! If we don't do everything we can to make sure we defend this environment and I, think and I think right. So we got all all these worries you know and and like let's take housing. For example, if finish up on housing and I, look at this crisis and we see what are the choices that people have in this election. They got a choice and look at the Liberals and the Liberals say: oh it's! A housing crisis, we're gonna fund we're gonna, put money towards solving their housing crisis. Well, all right. It sounded good sounded like a nice thing to say that there's a housing crisis and you gonna put money towards it. They announced a national housing plan. They announced some money for housing and then we dug a bit deeper more like alright, how much money, they're actually spending, and so mr. Trudeau often talks about the economy doing so well and it is, but mr. Trudeau is actually spending 19 percent less than mr. Harper's spend on housing. So, let's try to take that in the economy is doing well, but you're spending 19 percent less as a percentage of GDP than mr. Harper, the person you criticized and attacked again and again, you're spending almost 20 percent less on housing. Again it really makes it clear. The economy is rigged, the economy's doing better and better, but mr. Trudeau is spending less and less on housing and and I. Think about you, know the other option. Conservatives and I'm not sure I need to make that an option in this room, but it's not an option. But let me just let me just finish the point. You know yeah totally totally, but I mean let's just make the argument in case you hear from people the Conservatives are gonna, say: they're gonna, say this they're gonna say we're. Gonna put some money in your pocket. They're gonna say that they're gonna say we're gonna cut your taxes, ensure they might cut the taxes a bit. They're gonna cut it mostly for the wealthiest and the people at the very top, but they might put a couple extra dollars in your pocket. Well, what else are they gonna cut, they're gonna cut services and we've been there before. We know how viciously conservatives cut services, they cut all the services that families depend on they're, not gonna solve the housing crisis. Are they they're not gonna solve it? They think it's the free market. That's gonna fix it. Somehow the free market that goddess in this position in the first place, they think it was leave it to that and it's gonna solve it. It's not gonna solve the problem. They're gonna cut some taxes put a couple dollars in your pocket, but they're gonna cut services that you need services that your family need and it's gonna cost everyone a lot more and they're. Certainly not the option and I look at both parties, I think what are they actually doing here? What what is going on and I put it to you the question in the election? Is this who's in it, for you right who's in it, for you I put it to you. The question is who's in it. For you, we look at Ottawa. Ottawa certainly hasn't been in it for you. If you look at conservatives and look at liberals, they've been working hard to make life easier for the richest, the wealthiest, the biggest corporations it makes. It makes life easier for them, but harder for everyone else and I want to change that. I want to change that and together we're gonna change that we're gonna put in place. We're gonna build half a million new, affordable homes across this country, but we know that's gonna take some time. It's gonna take time to build we're gonna, put those of that dollar and those investments in immediately. We're gonna make this bold investment right away, but it's gonna take some time to build all those those affordable homes and those people are struggling right now, and we want to say to that to that woman who was worried about having a place to call home I want to say to her. She doesn't have to wait for help. We're gonna, immediate, immediate ly, put in place a rental subsidy. That's gonna help out 500,000 families. It's gonna, provide them supports up to $5,000, because we don't got a make up for 30 years of inaction on the part of liberals and conservatives. We're gonna make up for that inaction. We're gonna, invest boldly. We're also gonna, take care of people right now with supports to people that need it right now. On top of that, we're gonna tackle the root cause of this, because I think we can take on these problems. If we have the courage to take on the powerful the people at the very top right, and so with the root cause, one of the root causes of why housing is rising so quickly. It's speculation, right speculation is driving up the cost of housing and the BC government's done a good job, putting in a foreign buyers tax, which is help control some of the speculation. But we know that money moves around there's different jurisdictions. People buy things from different areas, so we want to put in place a federal foreign buyers tax to make sure we clamp down on people who want to use our market like a stock exchange. No more of that, this is a place where people have their own housing. We also want to clamp down on something: that's driving up the castle housing here in BC significantly and that's money laundering right at the federal level. There's a money laundering department that has no one in it doing anything. On money. Laundry and I asked the question to mr. Trudeau I said: well, we've got the department. Why don't you hire the staff? So they can actually do the work that we need to clamp down on money laundering, so it doesn't drive up the cost of housing. It doesn't fuel the drug trade in the opioid crisis and I'm sure you can guess what mr. Trudeau's answer was he didn't answer, but we're gonna make sure that we fund a specific anti-money laundering department in the RCMP make sure it's funded and half of that funding has to go to BC to make sure we tackle that crisis. Human BC there's a lot. We can do and we're gonna do a lot together and I was going to wrap up with this and I believe that we need to expand our healthcare system. You know it's something that we're so proud of. We've got to invest in it and we need to make sure that everyone in our country has access to medication when they need it. And that means, if you need medication in our country, you should use your health card, not your credit card, that's what we're gonna do and we're gonna go beyond it, because we know that, but not only do we need to have medication coverage for all. We also need dental coverage for everyone. I mean your dental care for all. We want head-to-toe health care coverage, and that means Vision Care Hearing Care. That means addiction and rehabilitation services. It means mental health services when you need it and I'll wrap up with this people. Gonna say well. How are you gonna pay for this? It's a fair question. People are nice. How are you gonna pay for this and I want to say really clearly it's about choices, we're not in it for the rich, we're not in it, for the wealthiest people, we're not in it, for the corporations at the top I'm in it, for all of you, I work for all of you, so so what we're gonna do. Is this we're gonna ask the wealthiest people the super-rich in Canada, the ones who owned more than 20 million dollars in fortune. We're gonna ask them to pay a little more we're gonna close the offshore tax havens. That's making us lose twenty three billion dollars. We're gonna make sure they pay their fair share. We're gonna ask the wealthiest corporations to pay a little more, so we can invest in all the programs that people need and it's gonna be about choices. I'm gonna give you a quick last example about choices. Last year alone, if you look at what mr. Trudeau's spend money on, he spent 14 billion dollars on the wealthiest corporations. He gave them basically a check to buy corporate jets and limousines. He gave them 14 billion dollars in the fall economic statement he spent 4.5 billion dollars on a pipeline. He also forgave 6 billion dollars in loans too. They were owned by the corporation's, the biggest corporations- unbelievable, that's almost 25 billion dollars of spending in one year, and just to give you a contrast, if people ask you, you know what does that mean? Our plan to cover cover dental care for every Canadian who earns less than 70,000? Who has no coverage? That's 4.3 million Canadians we're gonna cover right, just like that. We've got a plan to cover it. That plan that plan, which is going to be a public, a government insurance program to cover all those 4.3 million Canadians immediately. That plan costs eight hundred and fifty six million dollars. So less than a billion. The government just spent twenty five billion to the wealthiest corporations. Last year. Our plan would be paid for twenty five times over with that amount of money right. It's a matter of choices. It's a matter of choices and my friends. The choice is this: you choose governments, I work for the rich. Do you choose governments who work for the people at the very top, or do you choose a new democratic government that works for you that fights for you? Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you and we're gonna ask some questions now, so we've got Jesse's gonna mic and we're gonna see some hands up and we got someone else with the mic. Yes, we got another mic over here and yeah get your hands up and we will come right to you. I also apologize. This lighting is to make me look really good right, but it's to make the Loom it's make to make the groom look really nice, but it's kind of bright in there one's eyes, I apologize, but it's important. It's gonna show your beautiful faces and show all the great folks are here. So yes, let's go whoever we have someone right there in the back, I'm gonna go to there start there. He's gonna hold on to it. I think ya know, don't be afraid. It's just I think more efficient that way. Okay, so it's not so much a question. I just quickly want to share it. Some of my story I'm here, because a fellow named bill came to my door and I've never been involved. My family wasn't involved in politics, so I brought my kids I'm. A single mom I've been up at viu, studying for my BA for 44 years. We have moved eight times in the past seven years. Okay and I've dealt with slumlords four times now: I'm, sorry, the housing. Yes, it's a crisis, but the housing that is out there and the people. I know there are good people and I know there are good landlords and I know there are horrible tenants, but the family is the single-parent families, all families struggling anyone, the tenancy branch that I honestly truly feel in my heart. Something needs like Reformation there like it needs to be looked at because landlords who do not take care of properties and me and my kids have been suffering like it's. It's astronomical. What we've gone through, I'm, not kidding you um, I'm, writing about it! That's why I'm going to school so yeah, but I just wanted to share that Prince. It takes a lot of courage to share his story. So, thank you for sharing your story and it's a part of what's gonna help motivate us. We already know how bad it is and we've got to fight hard. But your story is what helps us. You know put a real human to that to that struggle to what's going on. So thank you for sharing and, and we know, we've got to build a lot of affordable housing. We've gotta build housing, that's non market, so you're not dealing with tenants that are landlords that are trying to make a profit off you, but nonprofit housing and non-market housing and some of the solutions that we want to invest in. But this is you're raising something that we've got to make sure that tenants are protected and thank you for bringing that up. Yeah, no, no, okay, noise. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for sharing yep, yes I'm here you got a question over here. Thank you for coming. It's been marvelous to hear you speak jag me and I grew up in Strathcona, so you know Strathcona and the projects there for low cost housing destroyed the neighborhood and we had to move out of the neighborhood after my family and the neighbors save that neighborhood so I know very much about people. We also grew up due to the First Nations generosity, sharing their skills with my father, so he could feed the family because we were in a ghetto at that point. Chinatown was a ghetto, so my question is not to the people of course now, because I am Canadian, even though I wasn't born a Canadian. I was an alien when I was born, they did not give a citizenship but I care. My heart is now on Vancouver, Island and I. Welcome you to the home of the gharial medal, and you know the federal government is responsible for Sara and we have no teeth in that first endangered ecosystems and it does not cost money. It costs the focus for the federal government to trickle down to the local governments, for us to care about our home place and our local biodiversity, so I haven't seen anything in any of the party platforms that speak to biodiversity, even though we have declared climate change crisis, how do you and the ante P want to focus on Sarah and our local gary-oke ecosystem? Thank you for the question. Thank you very much. We know that this week is it's a really appropriate question to talk about. You know biodiversity and talk about the climate, given that this is climate strike week, we've got a week where people around the world are striking to say: please save our planet, listen to the young people who are worried, listen to the science that points out that we need to act now and really, if you look at why we haven't seen action, you know, I can give one example a concrete example of the choices. You know the choices that the government's making and where we could be putting money towards investing in protecting our environment and what mr. Trudeau is doing instead, to give an example of the current government, so mr. Trudeau promised, for example, to end fossil fuel subsidies and that would free up some money that could be invested in tackling the climate crisis that could be invested in clean energy that could be invested in protecting water and protecting land and marine diversity, but instead he failed to break whatever he broke. That commitment and I wondered why you know why is it that he there's a simple commitment he made in 2015? Why did he break that commitment? Well, after four years in government turns out, he was lobbied. A number of times he's lobbied a number times by the fossil fuel sector and those fossil fuel sector. The energy lobbyists lobbied mr. Trudeau's government a whole bunch of times. Does anyone want to guess how many times over four years, wild guess 600, it's a pretty good random! Guess: hey, you know, dude, no, even higher than 800, we got to go up. Oh, someone read our press release. You did a good job. It was over 1500 times and just to give you an example of the influence you know those energy lobbyists, the powerful corporations lobbied mr. Trudeau and his government, and he broke a commitment to end the fossil fuel subsidies and, as a result, the policies that we're seeing in in Canada right now are more informed by the pressures of powerful lobbyists than they are by the science or by the people who are demanding action to protect our planet, to protect our diversity, and so we, as New Democrats, aren't afraid to stand up to the big polluters and to make sure they pay their fair price. When it comes to a price on pollution, we're gonna end fossil fuel subsidies immediately we're gonna, invest in clean and renewable energy. We're gonna reduce our emissions, which is one of the massive causes of a loss of marine diversity and global diversity. Czar emissions and I also want to make sure that we protect our water. You know why is it that in our country as wealthy as ours, we're still sending untreated water out into the ocean into lakes into rivers? We need to stop that, so we're gonna make massive investments in ensuring that the infrastructure that is in all cities is adequate to ensure that we're never putting untreated water into the oceans untreated water into into the rivers and lakes around us, and now I got Bob Chamberlin beside me and we're talking about marine diversity. I gotta talk about salmon, I gotta talk about salmon and we got a there's so much we can do to protect salmon. We know that farm, the farm fishing it as it's creating risk open containment is causing a risk for wild populations, and you know our candidate over here knows a lot about. That is probably one of the best experts in fighting against making sure we've got a sustainable way to do it. These are decisions we can make. We can work together and solve these problems. It's a matter of courage and it's a matter of wanting to do it. You Democrats, want to make this a priority. We were going to make it a priority and we're gonna get the job done more questions. Yes, anyone else hands up. You got someone back. There yeah check me I'm a Canadian Legion member long time my father served in NATO he's deceased. Now, for many years my father-in-law was an RAF pilot. 5,000 veterans were on the streets last year. What is what is the the NDP going to do to address that my father and my father-in-law are turning over in their graves thanks No. Thank you for the question. Thank you very much. You know the the men and women that served for us, men and women that that sacrifice for us that serve our country. We are so we're incredibly thankful for them, but they're not being treated with dignity and respect, and- and it's absolutely deplorable, the fact that people who who serve our country, who serve for all of us, get treated with such a lack of care with such negligence odda at a starting point at a basic level. Everyone who serves for our country needs to be treated with respect and dignity. They need to have access to the services that they need and what we're seeing in the past year is when we looked at the service standards, the government failed the majority of the service standards that that it would be adequate, just basic service standards for veterans who need access to services. Often they had to wait weeks and weeks just to get basic, yes knows to whether they're covered for certain services that they need and then in terms of housing. You're talking about you know, veterans being on the street. This is a reality we have so many men and women who serve for us who then have PTSD, have mental health concerns and end up not being able to continue to work and end up in situations where they're struggling so poorly, so so so much we need to make sure they're supported. We need to treat them with respect and dignity. I am committed to doing that. We put in a bill in Parliament. That said, there was a budget that set aside for veteran services and every year it gets it doesn't get spent on veterans. It gets. It gets spent on other things, but it doesn't get spent on veterans and we put forward a bill that says every commitment that's made to veterans has to be spent on veterans and make sure they get the service they need and we put a law. We put a motion in place that was passed that was going to mandate that every year we will spend the budget that's allocated for veterans on veteran services to make sure they get the dignity and respect they deserve. We got more hands up, yeah yeah, you can go too, maybe yeah go right. There, I'm senior Chuck meet on a fixed income and I really worry about medications. They're, so expensive I can't afford them. So what can I do? What will the NDP do for me? Thank you very much for the question. Thank you. You know you're, not alone, yeah, there's a lot of people that are in that's the very same same position and I. Think about you know seniors. We talked about people who served for our country. Seniors also gave their whole lives to building up a society for us and they give so much and at a minimum they should be able to retire and knowing that they're gonna have dignity and respect in the retirement, but for far too many seniors, that's not the case. They don't have access to adequate housing and they can't afford their medication and I've heard heartbreaking stories of seniors who have to cut their pills in half. They skip medication that they need. They. They just don't take the medication at all because they can't fill the prescription. I've met seniors, who tell me they literally have to look at the budget and they choose between whether they buy food or they buy the medication they need and I. Think in a country as rich as ours. There's no way that should happen right. It shouldn't happen. So what we're gonna do is this: we we have a plan, it's a public, universal single-payer medication for all Pharma care for all plan that we want to get done in one year. We don't want seniors to wait, gonna get it done in one year and so and so seniors like you, don't have to worry about the cost of medication. We don't want anyone to worry about the cost of medication or medical devices. You know all the medical devices that people need to stay well. Those should be covered as well and we're gonna make sure that happens. Yes, yes, yes, okay, more mics, you got hands up here. We have someone there where where's our mics at what you got. You goin, okay, what about yeah sure? Maybe in the corner there sure I was nervous. You're gonna be long yeah. The thing is that I'm concerned about as I do a lot of talking online and the misinformation on climate, the amount of money that is spent and the think tanks that are out there that are putting a Haunter percent baloney. All you got to do is ask Google who's. Financing this stuff and you'll find has come from the guys that are running the biggest industrial complex in the world. Yeah that's horse hands. They got a lot of investment there. They got all they got nothing to lose, they got a made and instead of taking the money and sharing it with us, they're spreading peanut butter, crap yeah, all over anything. That's true, I hear you. Thank you for the question. No I got, you know not to get to know. Thank you. Thank you. You're absolutely right, I mean the in the sense that the powerful, the wealthiest corporations have far too much influence over decisions, they're putting out a lot of misinformation. There's a lot of people are trying to say that there is no crisis when we've got all the world's scientists. Mass number of scientists at the United Nations, making it really clear that there's a crisis, but the positive side of it is if we make better choices today. If we end fossil fuel investments, if we invest in clean energy, if we invest in public transit, Electrify transportation Russia for our homes, we can actually turn things around. We can turn things around and I'm confident we can do that and that's what we've got to really focusing on that. We can do this just before that, once I can just before that, I also just want to acknowledge. We've got an incredible champion amidst us someone who's fighting hard for us who was my dear friend at the federal level and now is gonna fight hard for us at the provincial level. So thank you so much for joining, listen to everything like basic things. We on central island and there's northern islands. We people have to go to Victoria for even for putting this shunt, we have to go there and the families have so much hard time in Victoria middles class people, ok for like people from North up North Island. They have no place to live in the city and no place, and we need Nanaimo is the best place a central place on the island. We need. You know we don't have neurosurgeon here. We have to bring to the notice of the this is federal as well a pre-show where entity was there. So from you know, on the behalf of our island, people I want to bring to this to notice that we need more facilities. Nanaimo is battle. People coming home, port, hardy or interior places, we need more facility here in animal and and also the public funds should be used in proper manner past in something happened: I bring to notice of I try to bring to the notice of the NDP that public money should be invested on the real cause like where we need it. Thank you very much and a ticket that Oliver. Thank you. Thank you. You touched on a bunch of really good points. One of the things is that it's absolutely true that people aren't getting the care they need where they need it. Where we're seeing that most care is in the the bigger centers and the further you live away from Victoria the harder it is to get access to care that you need and, and that's just wrong. You know we need to make sure that we're having the the access to care that people deserve and need has to be available, and when it's concentrated in one area and there's not here in other areas, it makes it more and more difficult. So we absolutely need to make sure that that happens. He talked about the proper use of public funds, she's an example of that. We absolutely need to make sure we invest in public health care and then I. Look at the contrast. What recently is happening is you all remember the Christy Clark liberal time period, where things were not being spent not being spelled well, not being spent well under Christy Clark, there was a Minister of Health Terry Lakes in Terry. Lakes was responsible for health when BC was fined 16 million dollars because they were allowing private delivery of public services and guess who mr. Trudeau chose as his star candidate in Kamloops right now, Terry Lakes. So again, this is an example of not respecting British Columbians, who are saying hey. We want to make sure that our investments in public health go to public services, go to public health, not go to a government. That's gonna then use that to open up the door for private services. That's just wrong. Well, mr. Trudeau is signaling is that he doesn't respect the reality that british columbia's have gone through. He also was signaling that Chrissie Clarke liberals are considered a star candidate in his list of candidates, which is not true to anyone who lives in this province. They're, not a star candidate but you're. Absolutely right. We're gonna make sure we spend that money adequately. We're gonna make sure, there's checks and balances when the Canada Health Act is our tool to make sure money. That's given to provinces has to go to publicly delivered services for everyone. It's accessible, I could ask like a hundred questions, but I'll try and restrain myself. I brought my kids to Nanaimo a year ago because I as a former youth in care I get free tuition at Vancouver, Island University. It was a huge opportunity to try and get out of poverty. Nobody would give us a place to live. We would go I. Have three kids go see a three-bedroom house? Oh we're! Looking for a smaller group of people to rent our three-bedroom. Oh, you have three kids that $1,600 place that I advertise well I'll have to charge you 2400 for that. Oh, you can have free rent in exchange for benefits and I went I went to the Ministry of Children and Family Development mandated help families keep families together. They put my kids and I in a room and told me over and over that I cannot raise. My children and I can put them into care. Yeah and I went to crow, Leonard crow, I, don't even know what party he is went to his office asking for help. Oh, we can't help you until you apply for BC housing, so I do and then they say: oh well, he's not allowed to use his position to influence anything, and so I guess. My question is partially: how do you decriminalize being homeless so that people can ask for help like what, like, literally, what can you do to change how this works and as much as as the rental subsidies help if nobody's willing to rent with somebody who has children and like there's ads? That specifically say no natives there's ads that want. You know three months bank statements, there is no enforcement, so people can get away with it. What what can be done to help with that? Thank you for the question. Yeah thanks. What you're going through is horrible I think everyone in this room increased that that should not be happening. I'm really, sorry, that's happening to you, I mean all those examples were just horrible, being discriminated being, harassed, I mean that's just wrong and I hope. You know that that's wrong. It should not be happening to you, I. You were describing the problem that we're faced up against it's it's a crisis for a reason, and you are describing the crisis like you are trying to do everything you can you're doing everything right, you're, moving to a city, hoping that you can build a good life for your kids and no matter how hard you're trying you're up against one barrier after another barrier after another barrier- and it's like how do you get ahead, then? How do you get ahead? That's horrible, I wish I could answer and solve all the problems I want to like I, really care I want to fix everything. You said right now and of course, oh no for sure and that's beautiful yeah I want to fix all those things. The yeah for sure I mean what we can do, yeah what we can do at the federal level and and what we haven't seen for so long in terms of the Tennessee rights and protections. Those are all provincial jurisdiction and I want to jump in and fix them. But I understand that this you know limitations, but what we can do. One of the things that we're not limited at all is one of the reasons why you're in this position is there's not an option for non-market housing, cooperative housing, right, nonprofit housing, where the goal exactly exactly exactly, and so that's what we want to do so what's happened for about three decades. Is the federal government hasn't actually been involved in building housing? Has it haven't been involved in investing in non-market housing? So now you've got all this market housing and market rental, where you're up against all these problems. But if we invested boldly- and you know, if you look around the country and you find where there's affordable housing, where there is non market housing or nonprofit housing- that's where CMHC used to make those investments used to partner with those organizations and build those affordable places to live that were governed by that were governed by the principle of accessibility and affordability. Not-For-Profit they weren't, guided by the principle of profit they weren't guided by tenant or landlords. They were just seeking to exploit the the people and that's not all, but there are some that do that. That's why we need a non-market option. That's why that's what we want to invest in? We want to invest massively in building those type of homes and in the meantime we know people need help right now and so I kind of struggled to find a way. We could help out people right now and one of the ways we can is that we're offering a direct subsidy to those folks and families that are struggling and that's why we put forward an announcement earlier just earlier today. In fact, where we want to help out 500,000 families with a $5,000 rental subsidy, that's going to help out people that are kind of on the edge they can almost afford a place, but they just need a little extra help. That's why we want to put that forward to help out people now and then we want to make sure we invest and build affordable housing. So you won't be in that position again. Okay, we can take one more. Maybe we come over here. If you have to Mike Mike, you give you have someone chosen right: did you have someone already? Okay, sorry, I was gonna, go to you, but I only have time for one more question: yeah. What's that I'm in high school I am just graduating this year and I understand that students of middle-class families have the hardest time, affording University and I'm just wondering if you would support increasing the threshold of family income that would disqualify a student from receiving a student loan. Thank you very much to the question and it takes like I said it takes a lot of courage to ask your question in front of a big room full of people and all these cameras. So thank you for that. That's awesome. We heard from a young person and young people should be our future, and young people now are faced with this barrier to getting the education they need, and you know you want to pursue education to live and realize your your best potential, but what you do is gonna help all of us and if you're faced with barriers, not only do you miss out not only to young people miss out on achieving their dreams, we all miss out on their contribution, and so we absolutely need to make sure that there's no barriers. So what we're hoping to do one is. We should make it easier for young people to access loans, but that's a short-term thing, because what we see with loans is the federal government is charging massive amounts of interest on those loans. So yes, yes, is that you is that your question: okay, we got it really connected. We're gonna connect it out, so you got young people who who have who, even if they get a loan, they have massive debt and just to give you a picture of this debt, the government, the federal government, is charging prime plus 3% on student loans. That is way more than a bank will get you. If you wanted to get like a line of credit, it wouldn't be prime plus 3%. So the government is loan sharking. What is going on here? It's messed up, so so yeah young people who take a loan and and where you're talking about increasing the access to it, we'll look at that. But if students have a loan they're being charged prime plus 3%, so we looked at four years of this. What does that amount to you over the past four years? So over the past four years effectively. Mr. trudeau, while he's been in government, has profited to the tune of three billion dollars off the backs of students who are in debt. Remember what I talked to you about choices before here's, a choice that mr. Trudeau made last year, he forgave six billion dollars in corporate loans, so the wealthiest corporations had loans of six billion. He said: okay, you're, cool you're, forgiven students. Oh no I'm gonna charge you three billion dollars of interest, so what we need to do is we gotta change that all up? None of that makes any sense. So what we would do this, like? Oh you're, like you're, just like you know what you're gonna change it. That's good enough change it! No, let me tell you how I'm gonna change it? Okay, I'm gonna change it with doing this. I'm gonna make sure that on day, one of a new democratic government, the first step, there's many sub scream take, but for step one is we immediately waive all interests and all student loans right away step. One all interests wait step: two. We got to look at waiving forgiving the debts of students, not of multi-million dollar billion dollar corporations right step. Three to your question: instead of loans, we need to replace loans with grants. You should be getting non repayable, France, three, getting grants right, you shouldn't, we shouldn't be applying for a loan to go to school. You should get a grant to go to school and then, ideally, and ultimately, what we want to do is if you're going to school from kindergarten all the way to your career. There should be no barriers in your education, and that means free tuition for everyone. Last question: we're gonna squeeze one last minute: okay, what do one last one he she's in all that there. My question to you is competition. Children, seniors adults of every race, tribe, are suffering by four ripoff Canadian companies that are rubbing this population. Let dry! What can you bring in competition for the cell phone companies? Ok, great question, great question: I feel I could hear fashion I feel your passion I feel the same way. I mean. Can I just put it out there? How many people are just incredibly angry and frustrated every time you open up your cell phone bill, no yeah for me. I get I, get I, get frustrated. Sorry, I get so frustrated when I open up my cell phone bill and the thing that annoys me the most is you ever get to the point where you're running out of data and then you get that note that says: hey you've run out of data. Do you want to spend $800 on one gig? Sure it's not $800, but you don't I mean like you got to spend like your plan is $80 and then one gig is like $50 for one Giga data. It's like what my plan cost 80. Why is one gig? Where is 50 and you know people feel it? Do you feel like you're being ripped off a bit yeah? Well, you are being ripped off surprise. Surprise. Your feelings are right because we're paying some of the highest cell phone bills in the country in the world. Sorry in the world we are paying some of the highest cell phone bills in the world in our country, we're paying incredibly high bills, and it's again not a surprise, because liberals and conservatives have been working to help out those those wealthy, powerful, big telecom companies, and it's made it harder for everyone else, and just last year we looked at again a tally of how many times the big telecom companies lobbied mr. Trudeau's government. So over four years. It's it's a lot, but not as much as the the false a few ones. But what do you think how many times? Well, that's pretty close. Actually 500 is pretty close. We counted over 550 550 times, I mean in in four years. That's a lot of lobbying, that's a lot of lobbying, and so they kept the prices high. So and then mr. Trudeau put out of this phony plan. He said: okay, I'm gonna, lower the cost of cellphones. How are you gonna? Do it I'm, just gonna sit down and talk to them. That's literally his plan like a money's, a dream, he's gonna, sit down and talk to them and somehow get it lowered. Like that's my kind of work, just heads up, it's not gonna work. So our plan, our plan is this: we're gonna, make sure we're not gonna. Ask them we're gonna, impose certain restrictions. We've got a powerful tool called CRTC, it actually governs it, governs cell phones and into internet prices. So what we're gonna do is something that the United States has done. Australia has done we're gonna, do it here in Canada, we're gonna put a price cap and it's gonna say that cellphone companies cannot charge more than the average of other OECD countries. That's gonna immediately save you money. That's that's! Gonna, immediately, save you money. The second thing we're gonna do is we're gonna put in place a mandatory requirement to have truly unlimited data, an affordable, unlimited data plan that families can choose to get unlimited data, not the fake unlimited. Where you go over a certain amount, then they throttle and slow you down after it's truly unlimited data. These two measures are gonna, say families significantly make the prices more affordable and then to bring in competition. The third thing we're gonna do is right now you know the these telecom companies build roads, build kind of cell phone lines effectively and only they can use it. It's like building roads that no one other company can drive on, and so what the states is done is those roads. They allow other companies to lease out those roads and to put in other companies to compete. I want to open up those those lines, those those networks and allow competitors to use the existing networks not have to build their own, but use the existing ones, and they can offer lower-cost options to compete with the existing ones to bring prices down. These three measures are gonna significantly massively reduce our cellphone bills and it's going to see families thousands of dollars. Thank you. Okay, we're gonna, ask you to sit tight, I, know, there's more folks, headed questions, I'm gonna answer this questions kind of one-on-one we've got to take some questions from the media. They they're travelling with me and we want to make sure our message gets out to the rest of Canada and highlight the beautiful, wonderful people of Nanaimo so stay in your seats. You're gonna be on TV tonight, hopefully, and we're gonna take some questions from the media. We got a question there, hello, mister saying it's Annie Bertrand Oliver their smiles on. So when your family sees you, hi burn all of her with CTV national news. So I know that I've asked you this question before. Obviously it's a tight fight between the greens and the NDP in BC, and especially here on Vancouver Island tonight, we're in a writing that your party won back in 2015, but just in May it was defeated by the Greens winning basically their first ever seed aside from Elizabeth May in Parliament. How confident are you that your party is going to be able to take this riding back, because the greens are obviously putting in a lot of effort here to maintain that seat? I'm? Absolutely very confident, we'll win the seat back no question, but but for some very specific reasons. First off just a really clear reason why there is a massive difference. First of all, we're not trying to beat any third place party we're and we're trying to form government in Canada. We want to replace mr. Trudeau to put in our that's where our goal is: that's where our goals are set, but just to distinguish from the Green Party. There's a couple of really key things. I made it really clear for me there is no. We can't negotiate between social justice, housing health care, a woman's right to choose. You can't negotiate with these with any party. Those are things that are fundamental values. We want to fight for social justice as well as environmental justice. We don't to separate the two but the Green Party, so the Green Party has said very clearly that they would work to put Mr Shearer in to the prime minister seat, so they would point they made it very clear. They're gonna work to put the Conservatives into power regardless if they're gonna cut services regardless, if the fact that they don't support a woman's right to choose and not to me, is not on that's the distinct difference between us. We don't believe in working with the party that would cut health care. They would cut education, they would cut the services that family need and they don't have a solid position on a woman's right to choose. For us. That is non-negotiable. For the Green Party it is negotiable. For us, it's not that's a clear difference. Thank you. Thank you very much. You Canada putting some guys I've had time work, another skinny pasta, la chef, spaetzle Elizabeth, nearly Claire usual quickly, so pretty low key back the reserve. A table, au revoir to Almaty on Electra still is old province. Canadian particular node is attorney. Comes Elkhart. Wilma excuse that OCD on lawn Sinatra plan, a certain Bank climatic Kiva, denis.df azuz, okay in connection on Holi province, who owner l'nergie pop, come the communal, Columbia, botanical, Manitoba, yon, patella connection back leave comments key on bookid energy pop directly province, unknown empire. Don't sass! You now Josh McKoon Fe Sedona trip La Mesa, turn in program, a vacuum bond, Clemente, comma, comma, C, Beckett, hua, media of the dollar. Sabbath finances that connection he encourages at connection Saturday fasten deliver. Thank you. Santa Fe fancy in Francisco quake you, okay back there were tied foxy; no, don't do not happy una de pouvoir, the the foxy dishes on energy rejection. Federal me, G, DISA, okay, fasten fair, the the Fox; it is injure the empathy. This shows the function, ba, don't sukadeva. Firstly, the Calabria Berkeley province, collaborate, vaguely governor mo Yan collaboration on permit on of the program who professor Chris climatic set on travail on some comparisons at croninger is a see Martha's on the travail. You you, let me know, n-nobody deal if you were the prime minister. What is the first thing, you'd say to Donald Trump first thing, I would say to Trump I I hope he gets impeached before I. Get this feature. No but honestly, the reason is I mean I, say that I say that in a little tongue-in-cheek, but but to be honest with you, I would say it's disgusting that a president could inflame hatred against people and be so divisive. It's it's horrible that someone in a position of power like him would allow for kids to be stripped from the arms of their parents from their moms to be put in cage that needs to that needs to be denounced. You can't allow someone like that to do that, without any sort of repercussions with out anyone else condemning that and I would condemn it. What's Bedell Castro a dictator, he was someone that was in power without without a without a vote, so he would meet the definition of someone that was in power without a democratically elected system, pretty random, it's okay, people, it's okay! It's no problem! I got to be on my toes, be ready for any different. Take but curious. Noakes we've heard some party leaders talking about whether or not they support the Indian Act. If you were elected as prime minister would you abolish the Indian Act it needs? Is it is a system that is perpetuated, a lot of injustice and it needs to be massively it needs to be completely changed. We need to have a whole new way of looking at our relationship with the first people of this land, so we would replace that framework with the United Nations declaration framework. That's the way we've when it comes to drug legalization. Your party's talked about it. But can you explain a little bit more clearly where exactly would your line be on decriminalizing drugs versus legalizing drugs, and would it apply only to possession but also to distribution, yeah pretty much pretty much? That would be the quick answer. If I had a one-word answer, it would be Portugal but yeah. To be honest, to be honest with you, the approach is this our current approach? So if you look at our country- and we look at what's going on- we've got thousands of people dying to the opioid crisis. We got thousand thousands of Canadians that are losing their life. I met a woman just a couple days ago and she was in her 20s and she told me she lost her dad to the crisis and it is a real crisis, we're losing lives and we've got to do something about it, and so the war on drugs has not worked. That is a failed. That is a failed approach, and what we need to do is this I think is one. If, first of all, come together and say: do we agree on saving lives right? Okay, we want to save lives and we have to do things differently and so I was a criminal defense lawyer I represented a lot of clients that were charged with personal possession, and these good folks that I represented they were charged with the personal possession, we're people they were dealing with addiction. They were dealing with mental health issues, they were dealing with poverty and those three issues. Mental health, poverty and addiction are not criminal. Justice problems, they're healthcare problems and they should be treated that way, sort of draw the line and what I would say is for personal possession. We should not be spending any money on arresting people putting them through the court system, getting bail being detained in custody, all the cost that's being spent on people that just need help. They need rehab, they need addiction services, they need compassion and so I wouldn't draw the line very clearly on not arresting people who are struggling with with the use of drugs. Those who are selling drugs should absolutely be responsible to the full force of the law, but when we're talking about other measures, I would be open to any measure any step that would save lives. If there's evidence and there's a science-based approach that would save lives that we know what actually, how about people I believe we have to have the courage to have those conversations and be ready to take any step necessary. That's based on evidence that will save lives, Nicholas must garden and I Mona's Bolton mr.singh you've talked a lot about affordable housing and one of the things that we've noticed here in Nanaimo is that housing, of course, is a multi jurisdictional issue. We've seen provincial government put in supportive housing in parts of the city that perhaps other people that lived around there wouldn't like we've, also seen councils up and down the island, make decisions about housing choices that people don't because people in the community don't want it. So if you become leader, what would you do to try to work and fix these issues that really a lot of them just have to do with zoning? So thank you for the question. So zoning matters aren't necessarily in the federal jurisdiction, so I wouldn't have an impact over zoning, that's municipal and and some parts, perhaps provincial, but what I know is missing. I can just tell you exactly what I know and what needs to be done. What certainly needs to be done is there's been 33 decades, where the federal government has completely been absent in putting up money, real concrete investments in building affordable housing and that lack of investment can can largely be attributed to the reason why we don't have the affordable housing that people need right now. There is not a non-market option for many people and there was at one point: we were almost as high as 10% of our housing being non-market and now we're at an abysmal, less than 4 percent. So things are really tough right now, and we know that in every country in the world where there's affordable housing, a significant portion of that housing is non-market and that's what I want to invest in, and that means investing in cooperatives in non-market and nonprofit housing and collaborating with cities. Municipalities collaborating with provinces, not-for-profit organizations that want to build housing that don't have the money. We need to put money up as a federal government to build housing in a massive way. Just to follow up to that, then. How would would because you have touched on wanting to do coops and these different types of housing. What would you offer them to municipalities are provinces to encourage councils to put in zoning or to to approve projects like this, because at the end of day, we can sit here and see we're gonna. Do all this and then watch a council to turn around and say we don't want supportive housing in this community or we've heard a bunch of people in a well-to-do part of the city say we don't want this and vote down a project that would have given people housing and getting cotton people off the street. Our incentive is the funding and when we put forward funding, we have to sit down and negotiate I, don't work directly with municipalities and say we're really ready to fund this program, and we need this type of housing. Here's money on the table- and you know if you take it, you'll have the housing. If you don't take it, you miss out on the funding. We've got to sit down and negotiate, there's lots of different housing that we need. We need supported housing, but we also just need a just, affordable straight up rental, affordable housing for families that just want a place. They don't need any other supports beyond just an affordable place to live, but we need all sorts of housing. So we need to be able to build out for seniors for people who are low and no income for people who have income, but just can't find a place to live for professionals. They can't find a place to live really our solutions got to be comprehensive and deal with all the range of housing that's needed because it's all needed sure how's it good night. Okay, thank you very much friends, thanks for being here, I know, there's a couple people that want to ask questions so I'm gonna walk around and chat with you, but we are gonna wrap up this event. Thank you. So much thanks for being here. Thank you.