My name is Leah Taylor, Roy and I'm, proud to be the Justin Trudeau's Liberal candidate before I turn the floor over to our leader, who everyone loves to hear I want to say three things to you into the press. First, this shiner that I'm sporting- it was not a conservative punch I, just want to say that it was because we were working hard, 14, Trudeau and I was up with two of our amazing volunteers at 6:15. In the morning greeting people at the warbly bow station, when, in my enthusiasm, running down the station, I tripped on a grade and ended up falling on my face by a Good Samaritan was there and came by yes, sir right here, a Good, Samaritan, okay, Kate and stayed with me the entire time until the empty spot. There missed his train, and only after did. He know who I was and I found out that our sign is on his front lawn. We have amazing liberals in our riding. We have amazing cheese and I'll tell you we got back up and after a 24 hour, concussion walk. We were back on the road working hard and I come from a long line of formidable agreement. My mother Kate, is here today and I have a team that just won't give up, and that is why we are going to win this riding okay. The second thing I want to tell you. The second thing I want to tell you is that I know this. Writing and I know that we voted for a liberal, a Trudeau liberal in 2015 and I know that this Friday wants their MP to be a loyal liberal, not a fickle floor crosser, and we will ensure that we get a liberal back in this right, because this riding knows that the Liberal Party is the only party that is home to people who want to take action on climate change and who want to build a prosperous future for our country. And it's one of the reasons I love our leader, because he knows that we can do both. And, lastly, I want to say that Justin and I share something which is we both come from families where public service and leadership. Where we're in our history. We read enough and my father, Tom Taylor, is right over here. We all know the great contributions your father used, rotten country, justin and many of you know my father. He has served as a local leader and politician in our great region of york for 55 years, and legacy continues with my brother John, but like justin, trudeau, I am doing this because I want to make a difference. Not because of my name and I know that we will make a difference. We will ensure that the Liberals under Justin Trudeau will take action on climate change. I know, I know that we will continue to support the middle class. Not slash programs and I know that we will finally get gun control in place and, lastly, we will work hard to ensure that Canada and our world is inclusive and welcoming to everyone in welcoming our fathers. What an incredible pleasure to be here, let's hear it again for your candidate and next time, Taylor on. Thank you to all of you not just for being here tonight in the middle of Thanksgiving weekend, but for all the incredible work you've been doing over the past days weeks and months. Neff see me, send me for all your hard work just a few more days. I know you all know the importance of the choice Canadians are facing just weeks from now. People are facing a very clear choice and that's why we are fighting so hard. We are fighting so hard to stop conservative cuts and we are gonna start to serve enough cuts by electing a progressive government, not a progressive opposition, because we know what cuts are waiting for us with a Conservative government. You've seen it here in Ontario and through shared, yet when he looked at the cuts that end that Doug Ford put forward and for sheer said, hold my beer for the plan that cuts four times as much as dark corn ever education to healthcare cuts to seniors cuts. The kids with autism that comes to franco-ontarians, that's not what we need over the past four years. We showed what a government that wasn't afraid to invest in people to deliver. We invested in young people, we invested in seniors, he invested in hard-working families. We stood up for Canada around the world, we invested to fight climate change and what happened? Not only did we create the strongest plan to fight climate change the Canada has ever had, but we watched Canadians create over a million new jobs as we lifted, and that is the choice facing Canadians in a week's time. Do we continue to move forward, or do we go back to the harbor? There will be. The chosen is your TV, even the latest easeful evil, still even our politicians and in opposition like losing you can all see, can see. Look lucky I before Iowa Tomica, mr. Harper Cuba Libre chymotrypsin, to bury my grandma for anything. He can live it. But what simple, sir Kelly give me well Bert's way that will begin and we are going to keep fighting to make sure Canada has a strong, progressive government to cut.