Hey hey one, two right here in the pedes, yet one two, three, four: five: six: hey: hey Mic Check, one two excited to be here: exciting announcement, voice, hello, one, two, three, four: five, six, seven eight, no need the hand gestures yeah a little bit of this. A little bit; hey, hey, hey, hey how's, your uncle one, two, three, four: five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, hey, hey beautiful setting here on what day? Is it Wednesday Thursday? Something like that they blend together? Nowadays, the home is back: okay, yeah! The hum is back. You hear that John one, two, three, four, five! Six and now it's gone. Okay, one! Two: hey hey one, two: three: four: five: six, seven, eight, nine, ten, hey hey one, two, three, four, five, six, seven eight sounds good yep, cool cool good for everyone. Are you yep, hello? Everyone! Thank you for coming out this afternoon. It's a pleasure to be back here. Any hello. It joined by my kids, Xavier and Ella grace and I Liberal candidate for Nunavut Megan, Pizza, Lyle I try to get to our beautiful North as often as I can and I'm glad to be able to meet with folks. During this important election campaign, I was very luckily lucky to get to a hollow eight twice this year already as Prime Minister and back here. A third time is outstanding in March, I delivered an official apology for the horrible mistreatment of Inuit people during the tuberculosis epidemic and in August I announced nearly 300 million dollars in funding for Social and community housing projects in across Nunavut, and on that same trip, our Liberal government, in partnership with the Kakutani, innovate Association and the government of nunavut I know it's the creation of the to value the marine protected area. On that note, today, I want to talk a little bit about what a reelected Liberal government will do to fight for a better environment. Unlike the conservatives, liberals believe that climate change is a real emergency that we must address now. It's not something we can leave to our kids and grandkids to figure out and I know that people who V Hollywood don't need any convincing on that. Like so many of our friends in the north, you are truly on the front lines of the fight against climate change. After this event, I'm looking forward to sitting down to discuss with elders about how climate change is affecting northern communities, it's a conversation that we need to have right across the country, but especially here, Canada is warming at twice the global rate and our North is heating up at three times the global average. That means unpredictable and dangerous ice conditions for harvesters. It means disrupted, Arctic ecosystems, it means species extinction. Climate change is threatening our jobs, our health and our future, but we can fight it with ambition and courage. We can take real climate action, we're work in close partnership with indigenous peoples to make sure we get this right and together we will lift the burden off the shoulders of future generations. Cobalamin vision, moomintroll emerges, we've opposed occasion, difficile allergy region, a pupu de Xiang's multimatic evil serve as kava Firpo cottagey, not a planet in a cave near because avatar, no, but the pawns are free menu. We own our plan into operation, Cadiz, aqua, FF, receptacle, Canada, sweater chef, the field done economy determine havoc on Eddie, Giacomin, Co, metal, pre sloppily show an idea is only plastic diesel genic. You know, please a voluntary new zoo. You know protection news, a sale if Canadians choose to put their faith in our liberal team once again on October 21st will go even further to protect the environment, will conserve even more of our land and water will help people retrofit their homes will build an economic ecosystem that drives clean tech. Innovation will ensure that all indigenous communities are off diesel and instead powered by clean, affordable energy like hydro by the year 2030 and we'll hit net zero emissions by the year 2050. My friends, the Conservatives don't have a real plan to protect our beautiful environment. They see the north to be as a place to be exploited, not protected, but that's not right. The people of Nunavut deserve a government that will fight for them every single day, a government that will make the investments needed to tackle the rising cost of living, a government that will lower our emissions and preserve our planet for our kids and grandkids to enjoy. Unlike the conservatives, liberals won't give tax breaks to the wealthiest 1% or to big polluters, but we will do is make life more affordable for people who need to fight climate change. That's what we're offering in this election a plan to invest in people continue along the path of reconciliation and move our country forward for everyone. Next Eva good. That Casey will do david akin from global news. Prime minister, thank you for bringing the tour up here. I love visiting it's just beautiful on climate change. Last night you were pushed by your rivals from the left show say mr singh MS may basically to say that you've got to be more urgent. Mr. singh referred to I think as mr. delay. Miss may had some metaphors. What do you think about that idea? That I mean it is right right now, climate change is threatened. The ways of lives of meat and people in the north, why not be take it? Mortgages, establish a War, Cabinet kind of thing for climate change. We have moved forward with the strongest climate action that any government has taken in the history of this country, but we recognize we do need to do more. We have put a price on pollution right across the country over the objections of conservative premiers, who don't want to do anything. We're banning single-use plastics we're phasing out coal plants, we're protecting more and more of our vulnerable ecosystems that are essential in part of the fight against climate change. When we took office, just 1 percent of Canada's coasts and oceans were protected, we promised to get to 10 percent by 2020. Well, we've already hit 14 percent thanks to some of the work we've done here in the Arctic, particularly in partnership with Inuit people's. We know there is much more to do and that's why we have a plan. That's going to plant two billion trees. We have a plan, that's going to cut corporate taxes in half for zero energy technology companies. We have a plan to give more money upfront so that people can reinvest in their homes and make them more ecologically sound. These are the kinds of things and more that we're going to keep doing and we're going to have to do them over the objections of conservative premiers like Doug, Ford and Jason, Kenney and others who don't believe we should be acting on climate change. The choice is very clear in this election either. We continue with the most ambitious and durable plan that anyone has ever had in this country, or we wake up on October 22nd with a Conservative government that has promised that it's very first action would be to rip up the only serious climate change plan. This country has ever had continued on 50s vachetta on a pre petitions, multimatic extremist illusive, aquaponics in women, Davis's Mo, Ibrahim, Ahmad, actual political tensions, not romantic. Equally, the metal visual apparition at reveille P Mariel is objection. The policing conservator he novel politically charged mathematic tool, moon waffle, Apple. Is it exactly Moscone ooh hello, accessory to tonsil? You see Chris a double-double to the Canadian polyphony Milosh way, class well known mentally co-channel, governor no conservator, and we fear upon me, Bimini Karima, the selves Lapland political sessions, multimatic canary Danny, Strout Spain, who be Oprah constantly ff+ Eric, not Patsy, behind the exact, a muscular cyclical, a general fire, and you mentioned a couple of other premiers. Let's talk about premium McLeod, next-door, Northwest Territories, who I think is aligned himself with that resistance at one point, I'm his chief complaint and the complaint of some northerners is that those of us in the south try to just want to have this as a big park and that that prevents people in the north from developing the resources here and continue their own press bear yeah. It's sort of the chief complaint of premium to cloudy give sort of the balance is gone too much the other way, and there would be like to be more resource development here than that is very much why we put in place in partnership with northern communities, with indigenous groups and with the northern premiers, an Arctic policy framework that sets out the priorities as as seen by northerners that yes include significant actions to protect our environment and fight climate change, but also significant investments in infrastructure, so that we can continue to develop the opportunities good jobs in a good future. Here in this part of the a part of the country without putting at risk future generations. We know that the only way to move forward is in partnership and respect with local peoples, and that is why we are making infrastructure investments why we are developing economic opportunities where we will do it, because we listen to indigenous peoples and their leadership in a way that sustains this gorgeous land for future generations as well. Costa Rica become a position potaka Seth 1aqaq Nikki, because the de fondo cool actual equation, Etienne Draper me because you're gonna talk to that a native, a super-secret apostasia truth, colonel federal do a 2-0 Hitler, but they found it was fundamental causes. What did one minute irreligious, because it was what it was linguistic francophone, a triviality Lapham with the community energy BT chip on his shoulder the shun competence. It's in question the respirators. What Pathan phenomena, which is totally typical Aaron only it was so set on Jolla- is a continuing. Next yeah I have always been very clear, both in French and in English about my disagreement with bill 21, which I feel doesn't protect religious minorities, but I've also recognized that our Charter is working the way it is two Canadians Quebecers have taken their government to court because they feel that law limits their fundamental freedoms. I have committed to not engage at this particular time in this particular process, but I have not ruled out a federal government weighing in at a later date on this issue, because the federal government cannot ever rule out the need to stand up for fundamental freedoms, whether it is linguistic rights, whether it is diversity, rights, LGBT rights, women's rights or the rights of religious minorities. It's tangy least that way it is electric, a big one, a DC. She was at Versailles, not a local, equal, the post, colicky requests of Pelageya to show they found it was phenomenal sister Condor, definitely francophone another. You can't leave the conservator of the dog for Cisco to Toulon Macario, the default, a minority leaky beak workers on the pizza, no Peppino, mmm Rivera, very syrupy, South Korean, defectors of servitude of the found lead, Waffen, a motive free speech, publishing tweeting, false statements. Justin trudeau, never went to school justin, trudeau is an american citizen. I could go to prison for that. Your that law is being challenged in court. Do you intend to defend it, and do you feel that we overreaches? We recognize that one of the cornerstones of democracy is free speech and the ability of people to debate openly and to make decisions about who they are going to vote for and who they're going to elect, to manage the direction of their country and that important choice that citizens must make at election time needs to be informed, needs to be not twisted or torqued in deliberate ways by falsehoods, and it's a very delicate balance to what between upholding our democracy, by ensuring that people are not misleading citizens, while at the same time making sure that citizens have access to a full range of views and perspectives. We're in a world right now, where we've seen the impact of the kinds of polarization, the kinds of politics of misinformation, of fear and division. Whether we look at what's happening in the UK or what's happening in the United States, there are reasons to acquire and to develop new tools to make sure that Canadians and people in democracies can be informed as they want to be to be able to make the right decisions for their future. In a way that respects free speech. We have made an approach. We had developed an approach that is going to be protecting Canadians from this information. We recognize that this is a careful line to walk and we will continue to walk it with Canadians. Will you change it from? How far do you plan to go in restricting expression? We have been consulting with experts with academics, with various community groups and and with people right across the country on all sides of the political spectrum, and we have recognized that the dissemination of hatred and violence on the Internet is not an area that we have sufficient laws to cover. You can get away with saying things on the internet that you could never get away in a public with in a public square, and we need to make sure that laws are there to protect people in a virtual space as much as they would in a real life space. But getting that balance right again is something that our friends and like-minded countries around the world are struggling with. As our weeks, we were pleased to be part of the Christchurch declaration on fighting terrorism on the Internet, but we recognize there is much more to do. We will be looking at ways to both protect the fundamental importance of free speech, while at the same time ensuring that everyone is safe in our democracy. Last night, Mr Shearer led off the debate by calling you a phony, a fraud and a fake feminist. Do you think that the tone of the rhetoric has changed in this campaign versus 2015, or so? Why do you think that is I was actually happy that the debate last night talks so much about the environment. We ended up talking about climate change through all the different themes of the debate, and it really is the challenging issue of our time. The Canadians are idiot called to make a choice on, and the choice is very clear of whether or not they wake up on the 22nd with a government that, as endless year has set, has pledged the very first thing he'll do is rip up the only real climate change plan that any Canadian government has ever had. This is something that we know is not what Canadians want to do and in mr. shears approaches last night I think he made it very clear that he thinks this election is about me. Selection, isn't about me. This election is about Canadians and an essential choice they have to make as to whether we continue to move forward and be even more ambitious in the hard work we've done over the past four years or we go back to a hard provision of what this country was for ten years, GT accountant panel, so devious wha, don't two things: efferent section on apparently National Climatic, rascal, alert confession from traumatic nature denote our mission, the protector we can agenda butl the padishah, a traveler noon, news Annabelle Alfred, please Irish! Wake left leakin idea: Malcolm, sir sheer pants, Cosette elección de equipo de moi sit elections, zeppeli Canadian the DC de Silva, constantly divorcee, with a confession from climatic OS, convexity conservator Kiva eliminate there's a premier Johnny the plan, the procedure Keynesian, a political concessions, automatic cbc news, we're hearing on the ground here that people were very offended by the blackface brownface photographs of you and they're reconsidering voting for you. Because of that. How does that make you feel? I took responsibility for terrible mistakes, I made in the past that hurt people and I have endeavored as I have throughout my entire career to fight for an end to racism, to fight against discrimination and I recognize that as a government and as an individual. We have much more to do and we will I think the record that we've put forward on reconciliation with indigenous peoples on fighting discrimination and anti black racism, being the first government in Canada to recognize the decade of African un decade of African descent to call out anti black racism, as it still exists in Canada to move forward to fight systemic discrimination and unconscious bias to actually increase the funding for these programs that, specifically in empower grassroots organizations and communities to lead the way in shifting mindsets. I recognize there is much more to do, and I have pledged myself to do much more last night on stage you said that the allegations there were false yet after Mario deals report came what you said. You take responsibility. So how do you take responsibility for something that you say didn't happen? I say it's false I accepted mr. Dino's report, but I also disagreed with his conclusions. I, don't think it is I think it is important, and indeed the job of a prime minister to stand up for people's jobs, to defend Canadians, to defend the public interest. I, don't think any Canadian Prime Minister can ever set aside the need to stand up for the public interest and that's exactly what I did. So. What are you saying is false. I was actually saying that Mr Shearer was mischaracterizing. This situation, you might be criticized here a lot in Germany many people looking at the carbon tax, which we do not have so my question is: how does that correspond with digging up more and more oil oil cents, a and B? What can you teach angle? First of all, I. Don't know that I have a lot to teach. Angela Merkel at all. I have indeed learned a tremendous amount from her on geopolitics over the past years and I consider her to be a friend and an ally on many many issues, including the fight against climate change. Here in Canada, we know that putting a price on pollution is one of the best ways to move forward to both reduce our emissions and ensure that Canadians can afford the transition towards clean energy. Because, as we put a price on pollution, we are returning more money to eight out of ten Canadian families through our tax system than they will be paying with the new price on pollution. So making sure we are fighting climate change and keeping it affordable for people is the solution we've put forward in Canada that I know a lot of countries around the world are looking at with interest, and indeed we do know. We need to transition to a cleaner economy. But we also know that that transition will not have overnight. But there is still a need for fossil fuels in Canada and around the world, and when faced with a choice of taking accepting a deep discount from the United States on the fact that we can only export oil or 99 percent of our oil to the United States versus reaching new markets and getting closer to global prices for it, or whether it's facing the fact that, over the past few years, because of a lack of pipeline capacity, oil by rail has increased astronomically, which is both more polluting and more dangerous for communities. We know that investing in a pipeline and ensuring that all the profits, the hundreds of millions of dollars of the profits get invested in a clean energy transition and a fight against climate change is an essential part of the path forward. But part of the plan on on the twinning. The trans mountain pipeline was ensuring that Alberta put an absolute cap on their oil sands emissions, which means the TMX project fits within our ambitious plan to actually reach and surpass our 2030 climate change targets quickly. How far up with the price have to go to make a difference? We have committed to continue to increase the price on pollution up until 2022 and then in 2023. We get to have an election again to talk about what the next steps are on the price of pollution. We've made very clear what our plan is to increase the price on pollution and I know there are a number of economists out there who talk about need for a much higher price on pollution, but that is absent any other actions and what we've actually done is a tremendous range of other actions on fighting climate change. That means that the plan that we've laid out to increase the emission, the the price of on pollution until 2022, is responsible and reasonable and ambitious. A moon, song-chun kg Doug, Marty, suppressor aparicio, Judaism, just called a meal vendor yonder meal van quoi innovations d'ivoire in the next direction, federal Keanu pyramid, the disc et depressions attacking we can identify on indecision as Nivola, not reply a Thomas here in the freezer. Is it exact, Emma Monsieur Shearer over eliminate C in the VM communist Isis a loose? What can be done for fast? It's called a continuing African plan on Bashir al-assad, who s convert only Ally Harper person, the rally for the young politically charged multimatic mitigate mitigation measures. We need here in the Arctic, such as retrofitting green housing initiatives here in the Arctic, and how will you get the North off of diesel? We recognize that the impacts of climate change are felt much greater here in the north by northerners when they have such a smaller contribution to Canada's overall footprint than just about any other part of the country. We recognize that this is an extra burden on top of a communities of communities that already facing creating incredibly high costs of living, which is why we have been so committed to investing in the north to investing in infrastructure, to investing in housing to investing in new fiber optic cables for better broadband to investing in food security and in nutrition north. We recognize there is more to do and I'm looking forward to sitting down with elders this afternoon to talk about their experiences around climate change and what more we can all do together, but we made a very different choice than conservative governments of the past in our desire to invest in communities as opposed to cuts and balancing the budget at all costs, and not once again is the choice that Canadians are facing in this upcoming election. The choice that northerners are facing between a Liberal candidate and a Liberal MP in make a Megan Pizza Lyle, who will be part of the fight to invest more and help communities both mitigate against climate change and grow opportunities for future generations, or a conservative approach that failed, the north by not fighting climate change that filled the north by not investing in the infrastructure. The people of the North so deeply need you just mention nutrition in your 2015 platform. That doesn't really seem to be the case. Nuna boom, you are still fighting high prices. What promises are you making? The first thing is we. We did significantly improve nutrition north by bringing in more transparency and more accountability, but we continue to recognize that there is more to do. Northerners still face unacceptably high prices for basic necessities, and we will do more. We recognize the cost of living. It is a is a real challenge for northerners and we will be there to continue to work with them to bring down the costs of everyday lives. One of the commitments in our platform in on top of further investments in nutrition north is to increase the northern travel allowance so that people can keep more of their hard-earned money even if they need to go south for for various things. This is something that we know, because we heard from northerners was important and we're going to continue to work to make sure that food security and affordable, nutritious food for our kids continues to be available in a priority with news. I just wanted to ask how many homes will you be committed to building in Nunavut over the next four years we have put forward a national housing strategy that is focused on building affordable infrastructure right across the country, but it's not obviously a cookie cutter cutter model that will be the same everywhere and the partnership we've established with both the itk and the government of nunavut to move forward in responsible ways that meet the needs of communities on the ground that are particular here in northern Canada is ambitious and significant. We have made I was up here just a few months ago to announce a significant housing investment, but we know there is much more to do and that again is the choice facing northerners in this election. Do we keep moving forward with a government that has committed to invest in the north, or do we go back to the Harper years? Now we're conservative, Prime Minister came up to visit every now and then, but did not invest in the needs of the communities, particularly how to deal with climate change either of you at this point. Nothing changed. We recognize in conversations with Canadians right across the country in the numbers of young people. Who've stepped up to protest in the streets and demand climate action that there is a consensus right across the country that fighting climate change is necessary not just for future generations on our planet, but for the economy of tomorrow for the jobs our kids and grandkids are going to have at the same time right across the country. As you've pointed out, conservative premiers that have promised to do nothing on fighting climate change have gotten elected from the Rockies to the Bay of Fundy. They don't think we should be fighting climate change and they didn't get elected. So in this election Canadians are facing a choice of doubling down on conservative leadership across the country that doesn't think we should be acting on climate change that has promised to whip up the only serious plan to fight climate change. The Canada has ever had or elected government. That's going to stand strong against premiers like Doug, Ford and Jason Kenney. Not only want to cut services for people want to do nothing on climate change and don't understand that you can't have a plan for the future of the economy. If you don't have a plan to protect the environment and I am confident from the conversations I've had with Canadians that nobody wants to wake up on the 22nd of October, with no plan for the future of our kids, never see what the road.