Good morning, everyone it's great to be here at the beautiful Frank conservation area, with Mike Bossy Oh weather Mike is leading a 15 year fight to protect this community's drinking water. We're working on stronger environmental rules to keep our air clean he's the advocate you deserve standing up for you and that's what this election is all about. The kind of tomorrow we want to build together. I've just had a chance to help out this in tree planting here at the Conservation Area with two of my kids. Not only is it great to be outdoors, but it's a good reminder that we can't take these spaces for granted. If we want all of our kids to be able to hike in our forests and smile and swim in our lakes, we have to step up and make sure that that happens. So, since 2015, we have worked long and hard to build a real plan for the environment and for the economy for putting a price on pollution to banning single-use plastics we're making progress, we know there's lots more work to do my friends we're ready to keep moving forward. There's no depth big polluters need to reduce emissions, but there are also things that each of us can help do and using the power of nature is one of them. Last week we announced that a reelected liberal government will plant two billion trees over the next decade. Just like the trees we planted today, they're going to pull carbon emissions out of the atmosphere to provide clean air, not just for us and our kids, but for our grandkids and their kids. As part of this commitment, we will invest three billion dollars for natural climate solutions to conserve, serve and restore everything from wetlands to agricultural land. Our plan will mean more jobs, in this case around 3,500 new positions and less pollution, because we know we can fight climate change and grow the economy. We have this country's first and only serious plan to fight climate change and the Conservatives Landrieu. Sheer promise that the very first thing they would do is tear up that plan and cost Canadians money in the process. Conservative politicians have no plan to reduce emissions, no plan for jobs and no plan for our future. You already know that here, Ontario people have seen Doug Ford, trying to axe tree planting programs for Anning seasonal jobs at risk and leaving tree growers in a lurch. Hard-Working families shouldn't pay the price for his irresponsible choice, so we stepped in with 15 million dollars to keep the program going. But this short-sighted decision by the conservative government is just another example of how politicians who promise to be for the people turn around and cut services. The families rely on actions speak louder than words. Liberals won't be rewarding big polluters and the wealthiest 1% with a whopping tax cut and the Conservatives will and now Andrew Shearer wants Canadians to double down on conservative politicians. Olivia. Oh nabisco, buddies, empathy, Vampira pariah e, zero, Sally Beauty SHhhh, mrs. Kelly conservator, bonfire over to Tom Cote server when Fidel allows the beaches a poor financial to evoke police abyss, cervical room, Eva profanity pond Arab underwear, sicko productive in a posh complet Monte Ferrand, my friends, you have a choice to make. Do you want a government with a serious plan to make life more affordable and fight climate change? Or do you want one that will give the wealthiest 1% a tax cut and the thinks denial is a plan for the environment? That's the choice, it's that clear and it's that important I'm moving forward with everyone. Yes, I'm pleased to be here with my Posse Oh, who has been a strong member of our rural caucus in Ottawa over the past four years, delivering for people right across rural Canada. We know that we move forward and if we move forward with a Minister for rural economic development, firm and Bernadette Jordan, to make sure that rural Canadians have a seat at the table and see exactly what investments we've been making from infrastructure like highways and floodplains, and flood mitigation measures to investments in broadband and the kinds of future that we know that people in remote, northern and rural communities need we are going to continue to be there for them. What we've seen is consistently Conservative government's over the over the years cut flood mitigation and water protection. The Conservatives cut the Prairie farm rehabilitation agency. They have consistently not supported our farmers and we have done exactly that. Whether it was securing free trade deals that give better access to farmers in Canada, for example, to our cattle farmers to the Japanese market than the Americans have, whether it's been protecting supply management in the renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement against a Trump government that stated from the beginning. They wanted to get rid of Canada's Supply Management. We have consistently stood up for rural Canadians and we will continue and the choice facing rural Canadians is. Do we keep moving or with a responsible plan for the future, or do we accept a government whose first act is going to be to tear up the only serious plan any Canadian government has ever had to fight climate change? Again we have extraordinary rural and peace like Mike, Bossy Oh, like Bernadette Jordan, like people right across the country who continually step up to defend the interests of rural Canadians and build a better future for farmers, northerners and people living in remote locations. We will consistently make sure that we are fighting for all Canadians and Canadians know that from coast to coast to coast, the choice is clear. Do we move forward with the government who will rip up the only climate change plan that is working? Any government has ever put forward, or do we keep moving forward with investments, not austerity in cuts? One of your candidates in Atlantic Canada has apologized for their offensive comments on social media. At the same time that conservatives kicked out a candidate for their offensive comments, - and Jimmy notices case. An apology is enough. Mr. batiste took responsibility for his actions and apologized. Do you feel that you're limited in the action you're able to take candidates because of your own history live like this? We recognized that Jamie batiste, Jaime Batista took responsibility for his epaulet various actions and has apologized mr. batiste pre responsibility versus actual. Is it exclusive, affordable bunch of high in sugar? Even is that we have a much debate because their songs equals a new disposal to kill support of either become yes, yes, no, they found no do lungs. Official at rubella be invisible to rock our new neighbors de francais de clima de francais, okay back spent Astacio only elevators mamala only cured welcome oncology, fellows Juventus force me lose a lot to wrote. They found need, while in company to a linguistic determinate, have LEP. We forget that yeah you're openly she / young, so I care is your poem, because no cement not always keep on fuzzy understand. Okay, we will always defend both official languages everywhere across this country. That's something the Canadians expect of a Liberal government and that's what we will do. We recognize that the provincial government in Quebec will have questions to answer on how they would move forward on such legislation. We are. We are curious to see how they do that as well. Describe your process over the next day on preparing for the leaders to be also. What did you not accomplish in the French debate last me want to drive home I. Think the the debates. All debates are an opportunity to talk directly with Canadians about the choice they're facing. We are a government that has put the first real plan to fight climate change in Canada's history in place, and our primary opponent, Andrew Shearer, has promised that the first thing he would do is tear up that kind of plan. We are going to be moving forward with continuing to invest in the middle class, and people are working hard to join it and what we've seen a vendor who shares platform, because he won't release his full platform, choosing to keep it secret. The way Douglas Ford did what we've seen his platform gives tax breaks to the wealthiest. His use universal tax credit gives more money to someone making $400,000 a year than someone making $40,000 a year and he's planning to give a tax break larger than the average person makes in a year for people who are using private corporations to hide in to protect their income. We have committed to Canadians time and time again that we will continue to lower taxes for the middle class and those working hard to join it. We know that by investing in Canadians we help grow the economy. Conservatives don't understand that and continue to push cuts and austerity as the way forward. So over the coming day, I will be reflecting on the best way to connect these messages. These truths with Canadians on the things that matter so deeply with them. How we have a real plan to fight climate change, how we will continue to invest in Canadians who need it and not give tax breaks to the wealthiest and a range of other things like the fact that we're the ones who are going to strengthen gun control, while conservatives want to weaken gun in control, I will say. However, it will be excellent to be on stage with the only woman out there, Elizabeth May, she was missed in the TV debates. I think it was important to have my daughter, see women leaders as well as all the men who will be on there should be a operative on occasion, the shooting a need Nancy on conspiracy, theory, schwa, okay, fantastic energy use of the premier animal, not astrology, P that were forget. Allah will be taken to charge mentality in the course of another and Russia. Oh no Sakura commercials kita to the DC area living in a salon. New thermal photographer, David, Savannah, Georgia numbers way beyond Russia a comma the base. It is a bucolic village in Somerville Emma, give up coats in windowless alcoholism, effort and who surely cassava taro well as supreme the control determine sitters. What Patrick Leonard I see chaos canoes, anosmia Donnie portion Deepa. They were unacceptable and I am pleased to mr. Bookman batiste apologized unreservedly. I would like to ask you: would you lower the voting age? Sixty well, I've been the Liberal Party. She was critic for most of my political career. I have been on top of being Prime. Minister I've been minister for youth in our government over the past four years. I've had many many conversations with young people about how to better get them involved in politics, but I can say that lowering the voting age is not part of our platform is not part of our plan, so we will don't do it, but I can talk about what's in our platform, because we have released our full platform and for sheer is keeping his full platform and it's costing a secret yo. Who else did that Doug Ford? He kept it secret from Canadians and then turned around and cut health care cut education cut services for people who need it cut. Autism programs cut Franco a franco-ontarian supports. This is exactly what conservatives do, and that is why this election is such an important choice for Ontarians and for all Canadians. You might find yourself in the position. There is a strong history in Canada of minority governments. There is no history of coalition governments in in Canada and on October 21st I am focused on continuing to deliver a plan that has worked for Canadians over the past four years. Not only have we put forward the strongest plan to fight climate change in Canada's history, recognizing there is much more to do and we will do it like planting two billion trees like we've talked about this year, but we managed to see Canadians create over a million jobs full-time over the past four years, as well as lifted 900,000 Canadians out of poverty, including 300,000 kids. Our plan to invest in Canadians and fight climate change and keep people safer by increasing gun control is working for Canadians and I know. That's the choice the Canadians are going to take on October 21st. So what would be your plan internationally to action against? In the very first weeks of our government? In 2015, we went to the Paris conference, where Canada played a key role in ensuring that the Paris agreement became a reality. We will continue to step up at home with the knitted initiatives like a price on pollution like banning single-use plastics like phasing out coal plants, which I know is something Germany still needs to do a lot of work on. We recognize, however, there is much more to do both at home and internationally. That's why we've been involved in building climate, resilient infrastructure and climate investments in countries around the world are fighting climate change, but we're going to do much more at home as well, including cutting corporate taxes in half for any company involved in developing zero emission technologies, because we're committing to reach zero emissions net zero by 2050. On top of meeting and surpassing our 2030 targets, we're going to be giving money up front in font form of interest-free loans, so homeowners can retrofit and renovate their homes we're going to be protecting 25 percent of our oceans, 25% of our landmass by 2025 and on our way to 30 by 30. These are the kinds of commitments on top of planting two billion trees. The Canadians expect from a government with a real plan to fight climate change, and the first thing to conserve are going to do is rip up the only real plan to fight climate change that any Canadian government has ever had morning, I'm sure no Teresa right from the Canadian Press four years ago. Not far from here in Belleville, you made promises about improving services for veterans, and but we still see huge backlogs of veterans looking for services and a lot of them say they don't trust you any more than they trust the Conservatives I know that in your platform, you've made promises about mental health for our veterans. But what would you do at the operational level at Veterans Affairs to try to make sure that you know to get veterans off waiting lists or what are you waiting on holding the phone I. Remember. Well that event in Belleville four years ago, where we promised to stop the nickel and diming that conservatives had consistently done to our veterans. They closed the knowing nine veterans service centers across the country, one of the first things we did was reopened, and then we invested in our veterans close to ten billion dollars of new investments, to support veterans with better options. Better supports better supports for their families as well. Better men, mental health supports better trenches. Transition supports these are the things that we know we needed to do and we have done them, but we recognize there's always much more to do. That's why, in our platform right now, we continue to propose more investments in our seniors, particularly around mental health. We also recognize the charges facing military families when they get called on to move from one base to another, as so many of them do throughout the course of their lives. Deployed in different places means they need extra supports for their families, for their spouses to be able to look forward, and that's exactly what we're going to do. We have recognized that people who serve this country deserve to be supported and cared for by their government. We have done exactly that when we recognize we will always continue to do even more on Friday you're, the federal government that filed the judicial review of the indigent or the can a Canadian Human, Rights Tribunal decision on indigenous child welfare in the actual application self. The argument is made that the tribunal erred in its decision, particularly in the monetary compensation. Can you please talk about what you think the error is there? We know people were harmed and we fully agree with the tribunal on the need to compensate people, and that will be our priority if we form the next government. We agree there is a need for confident compensation and we will work to ensure that everyone is properly compensated. No kanessa a new some daca record free banana conover swine, the common sea region, Kuwaiti, blessed man, 50 palace system, support system, priority, 4, News, -, Sri, Lanka, passaggio opposition Jason, one from 140 dossier irrelevant you had to at least two candidates in this region of Ontario running for reelection, every election, Waikiki and Hastings legs and Addington. Of course, neo Alice is a beta Quentin riding, given how close the race has been from day, one of us campaign between the liberals and conservatives and given the last election, one of those candidates horn-like just a couple hundred votes on conservative. How confident argue that's the babe when she brought candidates, Hastings legs and Addington and North other located or self. This is a you mentioned. You talked about supporting lean canadians. How confident are you that those seats will remain? This is not the first time over the past four years, I've been back in this riding the opportunity. I've had every time I've been here with Mike I've, been in the Bay of Quinte area in Prince, Edward County I've, heard directly from people who have benefited from the choices we've made as a government from the investments in families from the Canada child benefit to the increase in the guaranteed income supplement who are most vulnerable single seniors. People have benefited from the greater access to international markets for our farmers because of the trade deals that we signed we're now. The only g7 country with a free trade deal with every other g7 country and Mike and Neil were part of the government that did that. We have demonstrated over the past four years how hard we are working for rural Canadians, for farmers for people right from coast to coast to coast, and we will continue to do that and we get to go see Canadians with these proof points of how hard Mike Bossy, oh and Neil, Ellis and others have worked right across the country to deliver for citizens and to be that strong voice for rural Canadians in Ottawa and I'm very excited, because the choice is so clear for Canadians right across the country. Do we go back to the Harper and Doug forward approach? Cuts of tax breaks to the wealthiest end up, ripping up the only strong environment plan to fight climate change that Canada has ever had, or do we continue to move forward by investing in people by supporting our farmers by fighting climate change by building a better future for our kids and grandkids? I know that here across rural Canada and indeed across the choice, couldn't be clearer and I am very confident in Canadians mess of eternal. Thank you all so much.