Canadian troops don't have provincial healthcare cards, they cut them up when they join the forces. Their health care becomes the military's responsibility and they see military doctors, but the Department of National Defense doesn't provide full-spectrum care when more advanced procedures are needed. Troops use the same hospitals and doctors as civilians and the military reimburses the hospitals, but this spring a major change, multiple sources tool. Global news orders came from inside DND to cut health care spending, one of the first targets fees charged by hospitals for seeing military patients in a move that stunned the provinces across the country. The military quietly announced major cuts to what it will pay for hospital services without warning or consultation. Estimates obtained by global news show drastic cuts to what the military will now cover from paying three hundred and fifty nine dollars for an ER visit, two ninety three dollars and seventy cents, a decrease of almost 75% and four-day surgery, a drop of ninety six percent and the military will no longer pay for CT scans or MRIs that cost seven hundred to eight hundred dollars. Each documents obtained by global news show hospitals are anticipating a major shortfall as a result, an estimated ten point, five million dollars in Ontario and in Alberta at least two million. This will mean an increasing strain on their resources if they don't have the same financial amounts coming in, which will mean that they will likely have to cut back on some of the services that they offer military sources. Privately told Global News that the healthcare budget has been ballooning for years and they are under pressure to find savings. Defense analyst David, Perry warns. It could be a risky move. Department of Defense that spent several years saying that their people are their priority. It's going to look bad if one of the areas where there's an effort to reduce spending is on the health side, but some in the military health care system think the feds are being gouged by hospitals and insist. The new rates are more fair, Alberta and Ontario disagree, saying the new rates do not accurately reflect the full cost of delivering health care to caf members. Dnd acknowledged the cuts to Global News, but insists it's working actively with provincial and territorial governments and civilian hospitals with respect to the billing changes. The fear now that military members actively serving their country could be denied services or told to pay out of pocket. Two sources told global news that one Ontario Hospital is already refusing military members MRI slots, leaving troops in limbo in a battle they never signed up for Mercedes Stevenson, Global, News, Mississauga,.