What floor is he on? Thank you all. We had a great shot with Mayor, Kennedy, Stewart and I'm ready for any questions. You might have there's a there's, a mic system going on there, we'll get you in the lineup, but yeah everyone's gonna get a question I'm like radically open to questions. Please hi mister, saying it's Annie Bergeron all of her from CTV CTV News reported last night about a British Colombian man who was given a medically assisted death, despite pleas from his family that he was mentally ill and showed no signs of facing imminent death. They say he should not have been given the procedure. Do you think there needs to be an investigation into this case, and do you think that there needs to be clearer guidelines on who should be getting medically assisted death in Canada? So I, don't know the details of this case, and so I can't respond to it specifically honest I know more about it, but I can speak to the general. The general concerns the the choice is a very difficult choice, and this is a very hard topic to talk about, but we know we need to make sure that the choice is available to people who who want to make that choice and we have to respect the dignity of a human being. Who wants to choose to to make a very difficult choice and it is hard to do, but we've got to make sure that the criteria is broad enough to allow people to make that decision in Quebec. There's a recent Court decision. That pointed to the fact that currently, the the guidelines are too restricted and don't allow for people to make the choice when they need to and they want to. But what you're describing is perhaps an area of concern around the safeguards that need to be in place to make sure people make a decision or in the position to be able to do so and just as a follow-up. You mentioned that Quebec case. Do you think that there should be an appeal to Quebec decision, expanding the availability of medically assisted death? Yes, I've said that before that, I do believe that the criteria should be broader, that the court decision made that very clear that they found that conditions or the criteria were too restricted and too limited. I do believe that they need to be broad enough to to allow people who want to make the difficult choice to be able to do so. Hi mr. sang Ashley work with CBC. Why are you focusing a lot of your attention here in BC des election? Well, BC is really important because it's a province with I represent now, as as a BC Member of Parliament representing Burnaby south and there's been a lot of a lot of times when people in BC feel like they're, neglected and ignored in an election. There is that sense that you know the west coast is is not given the attention. It deserves massive population, an economic engine for the country, but it often feels ignored and I. Don't want that to be the case. I know that people in BC want to be seen and want to be heard, and that's why I'm making it a very important part of my campaign to be here to be present and, most importantly, to respond to the concerns that people have around housing, which we announced today that we would tackle that crisis around healthcare and around tackling the environment. The the climate crisis is felt really distinctly in a lot of ways here in BC with the forest fires. You know where it's about two weeks into the election, and you already went straight to your home, writing and burn to be south. Some say that that's pretty early to go play defense in your own writing. Would you say to that? No, no, not at all I love being home. What my wife was there, so I kind of missed her. If I can be really honest, I wanted to spend some time with her and I loved being able to meet with with the people of Burnaby. The people of Vancouver and Burnaby is one of those communities where it's a pretty central place. People can come in from the Lower Mainland. It's very convenient for folks in Vancouver and in Port Coquitlam and in Surrey. So it's a great place to be able to meet lots of folks and I was happy to be able to talk about healthcare and in our farmer care plans and our plans expand dental care. So it was a great time to build to chat with folks do Canada we can demand lmm shots lost, Gideon transaction immobilier only means Pelton's or gentleman. The avenue des moines Quebec subside, posing tax, the Kings positronic energy risk, d'ivoire, moines, kazakhstan, belarus, kube, hi, papa. A vote promised fast diminutive mania, important legal new, the municipality. Don't we do the set ample said. Dff is a li li zhong, ki psalm of a utility, not a mac shaken and yeah calm, common stock exchange? Don't overact, don't abuse! It come on the the D kavagi LaShonda, the sumo utility, not lodgement. You can add a comma speculation over a katisa me, a vodka Concha de bois de Jongh, given a shitty day, my zone Kevon Vaughn, disembodied, estaba continuing for six hours, Jenica, Eppley municipality risk, the 1aqaq and voila revenue demon, ray lapowski saba, evolved an impact, masala speculation power and pour them back to sue incontinent back to live on alleged Amazon server, uni city to Silicon. Valley was dhankasur, converse, Sibley c l-- impact the Vincey small 800 keel is the haunt potential the a shitty mezzo, Papa sibling, so amateur. We fetch our TV hi, so busy has already implemented of speculation, tax and vacancy tax. Why the study for NTP missed you? We invented a virtue, maybe another foreign buyers tax. Well, we've seen that that foreign buyers tax has worked in BC. It's helped cool the market and control the other control astronomical, rising cost of housing that we had seen before that. But we know that once there is a tax in place in one jurisdiction, the problem can just move to other jurisdictions. So we don't want there to be a scenario where people who were using the Canadian market, like a stock exchange to put money into drive up the cost of housing to just continue moving to other provinces. So we want to put something national and also we acknowledge that the work of the BC government has resulted in housing being the cou markets- cooling a bit, but we know we can do a lot more, and so we want to build on the success by building and continuing with our federal tax. One of the problem is access to ownership, a younger generation because of the stress test or 30 section CMHC. Do you have anything to relieve those pressure for the down the generations? Yeah I believe that our tackling the root causes, so the speculation and the money laundering. These are two things that are driving up the cost of housing and making it impossible for a young person to ever buy a house. We want to tackle the root cause and so that browsing doesn't continue to rise too fast for young people to ever afford it. We also want to build affordable housing, and we know that rental, affordable rental allows the market to be flexible enough for people to choose, to buy a home or to rent a home. So we want to invest massively in building half a million new, affordable homes, which will create a better opportunity for people to make a choice between buying or renting, but also make it easier for people to eventually buy a place. Hey hey! So it nice to see you nice. Even so you Justin Trudeau, are campaigning in DC at the same time, is there any sort of strategy to that or any sort of plan? Nothing particularly mean I. It happens, though. It's a big country, BC, is also a very important place, so we ended up here at the same time, but it's a great chance for me to contrast and say: we've got the phony former care plan of the Liberals, where they've promised farming care for 22 years, and they normally make the promise in an election and then break it afterwards. Now they've broken the commitment in the election itself, because they've committed to not bring in place a universal plan, and so this gives us a chance to show the contrast on things like the environment, and you know their plan that mr. Trudeau's talked about and the Liberal government talked about is again just a phony plan that people can't believe because we know when it comes down to it. Mr. Trudeau and the Liberal government have caved in to the demands of big oil and gas. They met with the energy lobbyists 1,500 times and broke a commitment to end fossil fuel subsidies. So I'm happy to make the contrast. If you want something that works for you, New Democrats are there for you. You want something that works for the powerful the elite. Then you can choose Liberals I'm, hoping people choose us hi. Mr. Singh hi there Mike Howell from the Vancouver courier you just met with the mayor I wanted to ask you a couple questions about transit and the opioid crisis. Would you did you commit to funding the extension of the subway from our beauties to UBC? This is something that mayor Stewart has asked for and on the opioid file. He has been lobbying for a clean supply of drugs. I just wanted to be clear on your positions, sure I'll start with the infrastructure for for for public transit. So mr. mayor Kennedy, mayor Kennedy Stewart made it very clear that that's a priority for him and I want to make it clear that a new democratic government would support those types of investments. We've made it a part of our our plan to tackle the climate crisis to massively invest in public transit. We know that this would reduce emissions. One of the biggest contributors to greenhouse gas emissions is transportation, so we've committed to investing massively in in projects that communities want, and that means the other thing is. It means specific projects where there is a consensus in a community there's a regional consensus around that particular project or speaking of we want to support communities that want to build infrastructure for public transit. We want to make sure people have a better quality of life and we're reducing emissions. So we've got a massive commitment to partner directly with cities. In a direct allocation funding mechanism that would give access to cities that want to expand their transit and then on the second question, the opioid crisis is, is devastating and we're losing mr. mayor, Mary, Kennedy Stewart brought up that in Vancouver losing one person a day to the crisis and I just think if there was any other illness or outbreak that resulted in that many deaths, there would be an immediate public emergency response, and so I made it clear that I would respond on day. One of a new democratic government declared a public health emergency open up funding and a legal framework to help those who are providing care to people on the ground on the frontlines and then, when it comes to the safe supply, question I'm open to anything that we can do to save lives. If there's evidence that supports a policy that saves people's lives, we've got to be open to that discussion. I've committed to changing our approach, which has been to criminalize addiction that should not continue and I made that clear commitment that I would not do that. I'm open to the discussion around how we can save lives and anything that has backing of evidence and experts I need to. We need to be open to having that conversation on the housing file. You you've made a big commitment to affordable housing. Can you give us any specifics on how that would lay out in the in the Lower Mainland you're riding in Vancouver? How much housing can we be looking at here? So we've put out a broad commitment and it there's two elements to our commitment. One is a tackle the the underlying causes that are driving up the cost of housing. So we want to make a massive commitment to dealing with speculation with the foreign buyers tax and to money laundering, which is driven up the cost of housing in BC at least 5%. Well, it might be a lot more, so we want to dedicate funding to an anti money laundering division in the RCMP, specifically dedicated to tackling money laundering and of the funding that we're committing. Half of that should go to BC to tackle the issue, because it's really ground zero here in BC. So that's to get the root cause and then our commitment to the the 500,000 half a million new, affordable homes, we're gonna roll out more details, but the the broad commitment is this: we want to work with municipalities with provinces with not-for-profit organizations that want to build housing, and we want to back that up with federal money. This used to be the case 30 years ago. Three decades ago, the federal government was involved in building cooperatives. It hasn't happened and a large part of the the gap in the housing market and affordable housing has directly been attributable to the fact that the federal government has not in made investments. We've got a make up for that lost time, but really investing boldly now, but you got them here from Omni television Punjab. This will go. Please GOG buddy, compile Turkish territory meeting very similar. The Natsuki discuss Keita G apart envision, a single CATIA, a kotappa public transit, var Eagle, ki ta, ka Paquita, local news, hooter Buddhist, agnya team, avada, kita ki, new democratic, sir Carvalho Appa public transit, the venture world passeth among equation on both jury. Gaillardia k local new issued away the djegal, apocalyptic housing ki sparked both Jodie Norman Kareena, Kapoor cadet Karan egrets. Are they in a Giada manga way, so upper couch, golonka, Renji, Donnell Appa? Is his muscle or the Hulk are so the egg deposited money laundering, ahora una pareja Chania? Do jiggle like a jellyfish Anto ET pass a sudden a take our new card, even guy in orbit on Denis una poca newtonia, Pandora % diaper tax law, not only a federal buying UT, the aphid housing working with the control car honking no John period. You had ochre creed ii, the key legal aperture, opioid crisis, very garlicky theodore a bond in a shaker any the boom. Our who came are any in each other. Canadians marina, key in new a converging see tortoise I'm dementia Heda, the Oh when they enjoy a marina inoue butch. Only upper solder, cushy Janaki on Apogee naka, cautious, Gina, Kappa resources; Bartok. They opened a new beach, only sanaka Machida, the upper Janaki Oh Jerry, look Nash age addicted the agenda name: Onew sooty, Lauren, Aki cadcut, the Laura. So it's calculate approach a hookah mr. Donham apologize get the phone call K G to see you accept the apology, so my girl que se ha caído sada gala man casino, publicly dozen on each other, seeking Camacho Nani CK, o opening gala new part, a chaotic romantic meeting of on kita Horner motika Moroccan Gita, my Chandni, hey, Ngati, Manu, ma Vinnie Kassadin, Kim, K, Oh, Jade, Oh Nikita Oni are such a McCullar daya, jo arm look Jerry card can t calm, hi, Raj, masseuse garden angel at Akasha, AJ, racism, honda, only us gal, Dom Colburn outta, the Jerry armlock nee, who is got new masseuse Cardin, a the ouya de cadena. Kick in now, casita cake, Argentine horn, car key John Casey be unique, identical key, lock, macabre non de ce que very own accord: a visa gay bar Amish Kelsey, so all low-key Marcus name, animal Casa de the Mexican Anakin lo can develop a tear and a year KJ: okay, some a masseuse gardening on others in the new epic in the hole. Mr. Osaka brass idea. Thank you, hi mister, saying I just want to follow up on one of my colleagues. Questions about opioids I believe that, during your leadership campaign back in 2017, you supported the idea of drug decriminalization and in the current platform it says that the party would end the criminalization and stigma of drug addiction. So would you decriminalize drugs? If an NDP government were to get elected yeah, we would absolutely change our approach. There is no reason that people who are dealing with mental health and addiction and poverty should be criminalized. That is the wrong approach. It means that people don't get the care they need. They don't get the help they need and really, if you're dealing with mental health, addiction and poverty, you don't need to be treated as a criminal. You need be treated as a patient that needs health care and a compassionate response, and we want to save lives and we cannot continue doing things the way we've done it in the past. If we want to change the outcome, we've got to change the way we do things okay and on a separate subject. Sorry about this lots of questions today, the Liberals today and the Conservatives have both come out with tax credits or grants in terms of retrofitting homes and helping homeowners do that the Liberals are giving homeowners a $40,000 interest-free loan paid back over 10 years. The Conservatives are offering a refundable credit on your tax income for home improvements from $1,000 to 20,000. I know the NDP has something in their platform. It says it would save about 900 dollars annually for families I believe it's an interest-free loan I'm wondering what you say: how your plan would benefit homeowners, who are looking to retrofit, potentially better than the other two parties and how it compares well. The real comparison is this: the government, the the governments that we've seen in Ottawa, whether they've been liberal or conservative, have really made it their priority to help those at the top they've helped the wealthiest the most powerful and they've made it. They made it harder for everyone else. They made it harder for families. The economy feels rigged for so many Canadians. They feel like they're falling behind we're committed to putting in plans that help people out. Our plan is not to help those at the top or the richest, and it's hard for people to believe mr. Trudeau now and the Liberal government. They make a lot of commitments and when elections come around and they break those commitments, and so it's another example of another fake promise, they're gonna say it whatever it takes to get elected and it's not something. That's credible. Our plan is real and credible, and people can believe us that we are committed to making sure we retrofit all homes and buildings, and that's really when it comes down to on a super public participation or said camping and also impairment on Castillo de vapor and taken off and Donald. Trump is conspiracy. Dude. This super functioning la the impeachment procedure. We don't tell a decision. The the government use it as uni, they Nepali deputy me Leela politician, who's, eaten even filter decision made upon Scalia and carve on Kia tude, baka baka mister to do fa la Lakeland, FL Calif, a response to the elusive example, the Popo a little Ivanovitch said, actions at PO, sweet, dunk, say uncle a decision. The government was a designee measure, Padilla the Dennis Lee Lee poeple, the mr. Trump Dennis laughs, a cameo Trudeau, a monkey lives occasion. The day no silly shows come lot: Redmond, a refugee, late, Redmond FME leaf a curly baby at a pond in Mandy the mayor city, completement disavow, the monk, the leadership Oh Canada messy. Thank you. Everybody appreciate the questions thanks so much.