Good morning, everyone, my name- is Sandra Pugh, patello and proud to be the candidate for the Liberal Party for Windsor, West and I'm delighted that we have a Gary Magnum era who's here today, Gary hands up warden of the county and mayor of Tecumseh. Welcome, Gary and I have a short job this morning and that's in to introduce our candidate for Windsor Tecumseh, and that is only followed by our candidate for essex, audrey, fester, riga, who's joining us here on stage welcome audrey and many of you know. By now. If you live in Windsor Essex County, you know that we've got a tremendous candidate in Windsor to come see. This is our 3-time city councillor for Windsor Erica's, mere chicken. That's great! Well! Thank you Sandra and happy Thanksgiving everyone. It gives me great pleasure this morning to welcome a special guest to Windsor our prime minister and leader of the Liberal Party of Canada Justin Trudeau, and we are delighted that he is spending his Thanksgiving Day with us. It appears that he likes her cooking and I say that, because he's been here many times over the last year, last October Prime Minister Trudeau, was here in Windsor just down the road. Officially opening the construction of the Gordie Howe International bridge the largest infrastructure project in Canada that will bring 2,700 jobs to this region. I have seen him with hundreds of FCA workers at the Windsor assembly plant a week after hammering out an agreement with our American neighbors on a new NAFTA free-trade agreement, and we know how hard the Prime Minister and the Liberal team worked to get. That agreement signed an agreement that secures thousands thousands of jobs in the auto and manufacturing sector for this region and now two visits in the last four weeks to drain the campaign. From my vantage point as a proud Windsor city councilor these last six years, it is clear that our city and our region have a strong partner in Prime, Minister Trudeau and the Liberal government, the strongest partner ever thirty million dollars for flood mitigation and a commitment to tackle climate change and it's impacts are welcomed by the thousands of residents. In Windsor and Tecumseh that were devastated by the floods in 2016 and 2017, my residents know our residents know that climate change Israel 22 million dollars for affordable housing, which will allow us to address the dramatic housing shortage in our city and fifty million dollars to modernize transit Windsor in what was a historic investment across Canada in public transit. More than just protecting jobs and growing jobs in our region and modernizing our infrastructure, Prime Minister, Trudeau's focus on strengthening our middle class and helping to make life more affordable for seniors for students and for families demonstrates to us that he is listening, that he understands the challenges and opportunities facing our region. Our communities of Windsor to come see an Essex County have a true friend in Prime Minister Trudeau, and we welcome him with open arms. And now it is my pleasure to introduce Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Thank you very much everyone good morning. It is great to be here with outstanding members of our liberal team, Sandra Pugh patello Eric, Kasmir, chick and Audrey festering yeah, this beautiful Thanksgiving, Monday, I, hope people are taking a well-deserved break with family. This weekend, because when this time of year rolls around it's not just the pumpkin pie, that's on people's mind, it's what we're grateful for and what kind of tomorrow we want for the people gathered around the trans Thanksgiving table and in just seven days that's exactly the choice we get to make we're facing two very different visions for our country, one that will move us forward, the other that will take us backward. If that seems like a familiar choice, it's because it is after a decade of cuts under the previous Conservative government in 2015 Canadians voted for change. They voted for a team that would invest in their future and stand up for their families. So when our neighbors to the South said they wanted to rip up NAFTA, we promised we would have your back, and you know what we got the job done. We secure free-trade access to our most important partner. In an era of us protectionism, we stood up for steel and aluminum workers across the country and got the unfair tariffs lifted. That is a win for Canada, but some politicians want to undo that progress. We've made together and I'm, not just talking about the fact that the NDP would scrap the new NAFTA fund, plunging Canada's economy into uncertainty, I'm talking about Andrew shears cuts, just like he wasn't on Team Canada for NAFTA, urging us instead to fold to Donald Trump's demands this election Andrew Shearer has decided to give up on the middle class. It's clear now why the Conservatives waited until the Friday night of a long weekend to release their so-called plan, because you can sum up shears platform in three words: cuts cuts, cuts. No wonder he's been hiding it for so long. He doesn't want Canadians to notice his fifty three billion dollars in cuts cuts. That would be four times deeper than Doug Ford's I. Think Canadians will notice. I. Think people have seen enough from these conservatives and on October 21st. Our choice couldn't be clearer. Andrew Shearer would cut services for families and give a $50,000 tax break to millionaires. Liberals will lower taxes again for the middle class. In fact, it's the very first thing we'll do if we are reelected to government the first thing, Andrew Shearer would do rip up Canada's only real climate plan, taking back the money we've been putting in people's pockets by making big polluters pay. The middle class deserves better than Andrew sheers reckless cuts and the only way to stop these conservative cuts is to vote liberal because, just like the NDP couldn't stop Stephen Harper or Doug Ford. They can't stop Andrew Shearer in 2015. We closed the book on the Harper decade and we can't afford to go back. Miss Amy, not Rockland, a Tom Beshear me popular Metron, el agua, la song, Lily Canadia, reprieve Oscars discipline, Annika, bang, the DeMille case, a conservator, The Sopranos and me son of was an impact on immense educated reality. Securely politician, conservator non pot plant contra, para poner, a la preocupación. We knew we and Russia reverb a silly example. The millionaire new / bacillus, a pas de classe, moyenne and Russia, were a soup live. The controlled is Alma 3rd, no / etiology Duncan on velocity and the local Polytechnic, which college Dawson people it's a conservator. Well, I believe la première plan la Sol play que la cañada a journey in political sessions mathematic. He knew over continued a divorcee nashwa samples. The event a October is a bona fide lutely a week from today we have a choice: to make. Do we double down on Doug Ford's cuts with Andrew Shearer cuts to education, cuts to health care, cuts, the child care and to infrastructure? Or do we keep moving forward? My friends, let's do what Canadians always do, let's pull together and stop conservative cuts together? Let's choose forward good morning mr. Trudeau, it's Joanna Smith from The Canadian Press. Your book, as you know, of course, was called common ground drug meet, seeing has laid out six priorities and I'm wondering if you share common ground with him on any of them. I'm campaigning hard to stop conservative cuts. An elected, progressive government 2015 year promise that that would be the last election voted under the first-past-the-post system. Of course, that promise was walked away from. Would a reelected Liberal government consider at all and he changed any electoral reform, including alternative Oh, preferential ballot or his electoral reform completely off the table. We worked hard over the course of a year to try and find consensus on changing our electoral system and that consensus was not to be found in this election. Our focus is on electing a progressive government, not a progressive opposition and ensuring that we stop conservative cuts. Mr. mr. Singh's talked about his willingness to work with you. He opposes the expansion of the TMX pipeline. Can you categorically deny that you would block that expansion? If that was a condition of his support? We made the decision to move forward on the transmission pipeline expansion and invest all the profits into the green energy transition and fighting climate change because it was in the national interest. That is what we're going to continue to do, but our priority now is to elect a government that keeps moving Canadians forward and stop stop conservative cuts, Sivan pilla decision, the bats are allergic e Davis. If Tory party, not a transition where Donna led coalition automatic pass Cassetti donator a deacon idea, no continuity I prefer a Leon bernama policies, a Kaneko, pure conservators. Your government was elected in 2015 and a pledge to forge consensus. Yeah. There are many people in Western Canada who are angry and mistrustful of this government. If you were re-elected, how would you go about us waving some of those concerns and avoiding a potential unity crisis in this country? We recognize that people in Alberta have been through a very difficult few years, with the price of oil, with the challenges to their economy. Canadians have done what Canadians are always doing. We were there for each other. We invested in infrastructure in Alberta, we made it changes to the EEI program and we approved and have shovels in the ground on the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, to get our resources to new markets and get a better price for them and to invest in a clean economy and fight climate change with all the profits. These are the things that Canadians right across the country expect. These are what Albertans expect from their government to invest. In our families to invest in our communities to invest in a stronger future, we're going to continue to fight hard for our burton's and for Canadians from coast to coast to coast, because we know the Canadians right across the country are facing a choice between conservative cuts and investments in their future. With a Liberal government we know Canada. Should we do not approve what strategic Oda fella conservator, what poor NPD a polar blog, Masafumi Padma escapologists in eClass de in Canada, while message or select our social markers, urban identity, busy spirit the contrary, squishy Posse Panaji under Stephen Harper, you know our NPD far mmm black fur Ottawa Harper, a kupatana creature Harper actually serve secure to its Lee protection and yanma in a continual, hey man. Hoopha me Canadian, Mexico Peru, a public relations, economic, pork, impossible, Cinco, Peru, a la louche way, Claire depakote own avatar in a posh different, honest way. She'd ever see any Canadian, destructiveness son mil Canadian la Parvati, don't watch Amell. Alpha y momentum on elderly private ocean are deaf. You engineer a co, hopeless, la création, Federman universe and wha-la people at upland owner de madre que la plage conservatories. The couple in austerity the function per week, November's well, the governor progresses avec des québecois vacation, that's a relatively docile Bernama political, see, conservative come Jason, Kenney come Jack Ford for tonight, 804 senator national come down. Ford I come Donald, Trump key voulez on Vinod stand; rejection, laugh in Fairmont, Rivera, Nacional, eminent ecology, lechwe declares Lozano governor Calley, Canadian, well, unifier of the present a and platform I'll be sure the optimist. Korea heavy I think it's very clear to Canadians what happened under Stephen Harper when we had a strong NDP when we had a strong block cuts to culture, cuts to services, cuts to veterans, nothing done on climate change and indeed a retreat from Kyoto. The progressive opposition couldn't prevent Stephen Harper's cuts and we took a very different approach. Four years ago from the Conservatives we said actually Stephen Harper failed to grow the economy, even with all his cuts and austerity. So we will take a different approach and we invested in Canadians. We invested in places like Windsor in infrastructure like the Gordie Howe bridge. It's the next one over we invested in communities and not only did we lift 900,000 people out of poverty, including 300,000 kids. Not only did we move forward on the first and only serious plan to fight climate change that Canada has ever had, but we also saw the lowest unemployment rate in a generation and Canadians, creating over a million new jobs, most of them full time and the choice now is: do we want to go back to conservative cuts or do we want to keep moving forward and do the great work Canadians have been doing over the past four years? Vemana their account rep is delusional Cottenham, chief wisdom and Yossi the coordination, the knife person, the discipline at katana depend a lot on F present prison yeah. These are community kind of democracy. School readiness, a second unless you wanna, come the mandala chef to block unifier. The first question here today was about what common ground you might have with drug meet. Saying you didn't answer your visiting three ridings currently held by NDP MPs. That's a lot of Canadians folded for NDP. What message does it send that you won't answer that question? Over the past four years, we've made significant investments in the Windsor area, whether it's through the Canada Child Benefit that have lifted thousands of kids out of poverty, whether it's through investments in infrastructure, Gordie, Howe Bridge, is one example, but there are many others of a federal government that believes in investing in Windsor, but mostly we were able to stand up, stand up to Donald Trump and his punitive tariffs on steel and aluminum. We were able to stand up when he wanted to tear up a trade deal that Windsor. Indeed, all Canadians rely on and we gathered Canadians together from coast to coast to coast across the political spectrum across all different backgrounds, from business from labor from different orders of government, and we approach this with a Team Canada that got it done. We secured a good trade deal with our most important trading partner at a time of American protectionism and uncertainty and all the while Andrew Shearer was saying that we had to cave. We had to just get any deal at any cost, because NAFTA was too important and cuz. That's what Stephen Harper told him to say and the NDP the NDP have said the they want to tear up the current NAFTA deal and renegotiate it with Donald Trump. That's not standing up for workers, that's not standing up for Windsor, so I am so happy to have three extraordinary candidates by my side and a range of amazing candidates across southwestern, Ontario and indeed right across the country who will stand up for Canadian workers, stand up for Canadians and invest in our future together. So what do you say then, directly to mr. Singh's claim yesterday that he would work with you for a coalition government if the Conservatives win lots of seats, but not enough for a majority, we are working hard to elect a progressive government and stop conservative cuts. Chef, G CBC I'd like to get it you're talking about the NDP a lot. Why are you suggesting something that some Canadians may find distasteful about? A vote for the NDP is worthless, I! Listen. There have been great strong, progressive opposition's in the past, and indeed, I was part of a number of opposition parties who were standing up strongly to Stephen Harper, as he went to get went ahead with cuts to culture, attacks on unions, cuts to infrastructure, cuts to our veterans, cuts to Canada's, fight against climate change, cuts to Canada's place in the world. I was there for almost ten years of a harper government that, despite all the strong fighting, we did from opposition, kept moving ahead with its cuts right now we have a choice of whether we want to move forward as a country or go back to conservative cuts I'm choosing forward. It's called to strategic voting without actually labeling it. Do you not have anything else to offer? We are offering investments in communities right across the country, we're involving the most ambitious and effective plan to fight climate change. That Canada has ever had we're, making the choice to continue to invest in infrastructure support. Our workers work with our unions engage positively around the world, strengthen gun control. At a time when conservatives want to weaken gun control, we are offering a positive, progressive vision for this country, we're offering to roll up our sleeves and keep doing the hard work. We've done over the past four years and I'm looking forward to the coming week, where we continue to talk with Canadians and encourage them to make the right choice on October, 21st, Michelle's olio, with The Globe and Mail a question for you in your role as Prime Minister. Have you spoken to President, Trump or the Turkish president about the deteriorating situation in Northeast Syria? We strongly condemn turkeys, engagement in Syria. It is of significant preoccupation to us and to the international community. We are, of course, in close contact with our allies through official channels, but I have not spoken directly with any world leaders since we become, since the rate has dropped new Condon on Ficano Lakers O like Jackie on Siri new, some canoes and ye pattern, a little national extreme opposite situation. The only communication, Osceola National Police Director, my daughter, chef data, the piaac la compañía, highlight LLC and, as Isis affiliates escape Kurdish health camps in northeastern Syria, have Canadian officials got any information about the status of Canadians in some of those camps? Have any escapes been killed or injured? The Canadian position has not changed. It is against the law to travel overseas for the purpose of engaging in terrorist acts or even supporting terrorism. Canada will always ensure that that law is enforced and Glenn McGregor CTV News a procedural question. Do you believe that the party that wins the plurality of seats an election should have the first opportunity to form government or should the incumbent party have the first crack at it? There are many academics and experts who very clearly laid out the different scenarios and ways that elections in this country unfold they've done a great job at unfolding our elections over the past hundred and fifty plus years. My focus is on electing a progressive government in stopping conservative cuts. Can you clarify? Yes, look straight up yes or no answer? Would you be willing to form a coalition government? My focus is on electing aggressive government and stopping conservative cuts, Tom Perry with CBC you're talking about electing a progressive government. There are some progressive voters who are disappointed with you, and maybe they want to have a progressive government, but maybe with the NDP they're, making sure that you stay progressive. So what do you say to them now? I say the Canadians have an important choice to make. In the coming week. We can choose to move forward with a government that has continued to invest in people that has succeeded in lifting 900,000 people out of poverty and seeing our economy that create over a million jobs. Most of them full time have seen a government that has invested in for the first real plant to fight climate change in Canada's history. It's continuing to put our values first and foremost on the world stage, or we can go back to conservative cuts. That's the choice facing Canadians a little earlier about electoral reform. A lot of people disappointed up with that. So do you understand how some people might want to have the NDP there to keep you honest, I understand that Canadians have a range of choices to make in the coming week, but I know that we need to continue to move forward on investments in families, not cuts investment in infrastructure, not cuts investment in a real plan to fight climate change, not a commitment by Andrew Shearer to rip it up the day after he got elected Windsor star want to focus my question on something here: a local question: how much does the talk of the coalition government hurt you here where people may feel that they can still vote NDP and I've spoken with a lot of people in Windsor, who are very worried that jag meet Singh wants to reopen? Nafta people in Windsor were really worried, as we were facing Donald Trump and his desire to rip up NAFTA and the impact that would have on the entire Canadian economy, particularly economies here and like here in Windsor that are so deeply tied to our American. Neighbors is of real concern and we need to continue to have a strong government with a clear focus on standing up for Canadians standing up for Donald Trump, standing up to the forces of populism and chaos around the world and focus on investing in Canadians and promoting our values at home and abroad. That's what so many Canadians I talked to want and that's exactly what we're focused on delivering on October 21st, mikono SoCal point leesia, lee-sia Windsor, a triviality prepare for loves on top or not, for example, until the economy, Canadian, Khan, Donald, Trump, Amina, see the scrappy. Nicole Elena silikal need upon them depend on a to spoon, croissants economy. Co Canada support is with the extremal actually contain. A significant was American cotton worship, service humbly for nigga. She novella coeur d'alene icky protection example. Keep Ritesh is a new sofa, hello, regional, preoccupy palace at color, NPD, an OC key, sorry, Lulu wanna go see a dog met, Ducati, say taka, ko--, nursing, Eric, Tony, pann, Eric, Donald, Trump, suppose I testability na da no Mariah cannot hire canoe funny on birth. Why Peter, Guber nama progresses? Give a constantly a to leash or the defund. Isn't a de travail al baqarah NASA an aluminum common affair, it Raphael der gute alone, the soupy in a Bajoran economy preferred produce and final purchase of automotive news Canada. As you know, the auto industry is hugely important in cities like Windsor in Oshawa and, as you also know, Fiat Chrysler and General Motors have announced almost 4,000 in job cuts under your government's watch. What would a reelected liberal government do to stave off those cuts and prevent the further shrinking of the auto manufacturing footprint in this country? We stood up and we will continue to stand up for Auto Workers for industry in this country. That was a core preoccupation with NAFTA and that's why we got stringent labor standards brought in for American sorry for Mexican car manufacturers. That means Canadian, Auto, Workers and American. Auto Workers will continue to be competitive with lower wage areas like Mexico we're going to continue to invest in the future of manufacturing and the future of the auto industry. I was pleased with many of the investments that showcased that Canada is indeed a key part of the future of the automotive industry, with engineering hubs and research hubs and recognitions of the quality of manufacturing done at our various plants across Ontario is world-class and competitive with any jurisdiction in the world. We've made significant changes to the SIF fund to able to be able to create greater investments and that's how we were able to draw in record investments by companies like Toyota and others in the auto industry. Here in southwestern Ontario, because we know the Canadian workers are world-class, our competitive, our forward-thinking our educated and are able to compete with the very best in the world. We're gonna continue to fight for our Auto Workers, continue to fight for the next generation of workers here across Ontario and across the country, as we build the future that we're all moving so quickly towards arguing that the labor provisions in the new NAFTA aren't strong enough to protect Canadian jobs. Are you not open to do you not see that as an opportunity to work with the new Democrats in a coalition government to strengthen that provision? We've actually been working with Democrats in the United States to ensure that the provisions in NAFTA are the right ones for workers or the right ones for the environment and I'll remind people that when we made a significant deal about including protections for women protections for workers, protections for the environment mentions of indigenous peoples in our negotiating position around NAFTA conservatives and others laughed at us and told us, we shouldn't be doing that as part of an after, but we know that standing up for workers as a government working closely with unions, I was very happy to have leaders of unifor and the Canadian Labour, Congress and others working with us as part of our national. Not a counselor negate the right deal for Canadians, and indeed that standing up for labour. That's standing up for the environment is a key part of why the Democrats are looking positively at the opportunity to ratify this NAFTA. Even under Donald Trump's Republican administration. We know that delivering for Canadians is something that requires us to stand together and stand strong. That's what we've done over the past four years. That's what we're looking forward to continuing to do over the next four years. If Canadians continue to choose forward I'd like to know what a Liberal government would do, we've heard a lot about the climate plan that the Liberal government is bringing forward a lot of it. Our macro solutions, I like to say you know, there's their countrywide solutions, but what would a Liberal government do to help cities and towns help their residents? Is it an increase in an infrastructure spending? Is it incentives for homeowners? What would you do? I guess, because this region has dealt a lot with climate change or a lot of flooding and I? Think homeowners are very concerned about the future of their homes. Yeah. To start with that I'm happy to highlight the initiative we put forward to help homeowners renovate and retrofit their homes. We recognize that people want to save money in the medium term and they want to fight climate change, but they might be worried about affordability and groceries and not have the capital up front to change their windows or change their furnace, which is why, through CMHC, we're making available a $40,000 interest-free loan for homeowners and for landlords with renters to make that investment that, over the course of a few years, we'll be able to pay off that loan without having to pay any interest at all. We're also making sure that so people can see what kind of investments would be best for them. They will have access to free home energy audits so that they can actually make the changes tangibly in their home. That will both save them money and fight climate change, because absolutely people want to be part of it. It contrasts with the Conservatives retrofit plan, which is a tax credit, so you have to spend the money first and then try and get some of it back at tax time, which, quite frankly, for people struggling with affordability and daily bills is not a realistic plan to fight climate change. But we already knew that of the Conservatives, but you mentioned municipalities as well. Over the past four years, we have invested record amounts of money in municipalities on infrastructure, but over the past little while we've seen an increasing number of provincial governments, particularly conservative provincial governments, not wanting to spend on infrastructure, not working with the federal government, when we have investment money ready to go, we have municipalities begging for that investment, but, as we know, conservative governments believe in cuts and austerity and don't want to spend a single penny. Even if it's infrastructure that municipalities need, which is why, last year to get around the provinces, we doubled the municipal infrastructure transfer known as the gas tax transfer, so municipalities could invest directly. Some municipal leaders here who, like the other thing that we've committed to as part of our infrastructure stranding, is we still want to work with all provinces because that's the best way to ensure infrastructure money gets maximized. So we've said that provinces will have two years to provide a list of projects that they have prioritized, so the federal government can invest alongside them and municipalities in infrastructure they need, and if they have not provided that list within two years we will transfer the entire infrastructure allocation. Through the gas tax transfer to municipalities, we will invest in communities in the way the Canadians need, and if conservative politicians and premiers want to continue with their cuts, we'll still find a way to stand up for Canadians. But that's why we need a strong federal government. Just a follow-up question. A number of reporters up here have asked this question a week out from the vote there as we're all kind of wondering about the possibility of a coalition government saying that you would work with the NDP. Is that an admission of defeat a week out from the vote? We have demonstrated on many issues over the past four years that we are happy to draw on opposition parties to move forward on important initiatives for Canadians, but ultimately standing up against Jason, Kenney and Doug Ford on cuts and on fighting for a cleaner environment. Standing up to Donald, Trump and other challenging leaders around the world requires a government that is able to pull together all Canadians and move forward. I know Canadians, understand the choice facing them. Do we move forward and continue to invest in our communities in our future? Where do we go back to conservative cuts I'm for moving forward? Yes, it's.