Hello, everyone it's great to be back in Toronto with so many outstanding members of our liberal team. They've been true advocates for their community. These last four years, helping us bring about real change for the middle class and building an economy that works for everyone, I'm very much, looking forward to continuing the work we've started together after election day, but first we all have a very important choice to make on October 21st. We get to decide what kind of future we want to build together, we get to choose the kind of country we want our kids to grow up in under milk canes, the Canada Oliver I see the Guggenheim under Stephen Harper, Japan, Secor, lucidity recuperar et la reponse, a to say, TV de Cali, politically conservative no function, Appa, Hassan's, dual economy, a creation, dafwa a croissants, disallow the end to son a budget. Four years ago, Canadians chose a new team with a new approach, a team with a clear vision of the kind of Canada they wanted to build a Canada that is fairer, safer and more prosperous for all Canadians. Four years later, we still have a lot of work to do, but we've moved forward from the policies of the Harper years and we've got the record to prove it. Poverty is way down, unemployment is at historic lows and job creation is way up, and it's because our team rejected conservative cuts and austerity because we chose to put people first, we stop sending child benefit checks to millionaires, so we could send more to the single parent working two jobs and to the family of five that still has trouble making ends meet at the end of the month. Ome +, -, ah Danny, partially Canada um best son, is I, put la classe moyenne and uh, not Marta Sergi. Up of sunny Pradesh you're not really see this ABC smoke. So please sit down. Donny's infrastructure curses wha, the Transpo, the large mob of dab will is EV infrastructure, resistant Colima, so Sony service is monkey phone in the red sphere, hands Donovan, Asia Institute on you can attend. Uncovering foreign shows devotee polish. All the Canada Donna can ill valve Eva. You know I've been on the campaign trail for a little over a week now and have been to every province everywhere. I go I talk about the progress we've made, the solutions we've built and the people we've helped. I talked about the change. We delivered real change, but as I stand here today, I think of the thousands of families. Who've lost a loved one to gun violence during those same four years. On the issue of guns, one thing I can say: is that not enough has changed. Don't get me wrong? We did take meaningful steps to address gun violence. Stephen Harper made it easier to purchase and transfer a weapon. We reversed that we started requiring firearm retailers to conduct more extensive background checks, something the conservative leader plans to scrap if he's elected, but as long as Canadians are losing their loved ones to gun violence, not enough has changed not for the teenager, who was murdered in Mississauga on Sunday, not for the man who is shot in Calgary on Monday, not for the parent who buried their child, not for the little brother or sister who's been left behind in 2017. There were 25 more victims of gun violence in Canada than in 2013 2500. The conservative leader looks at those numbers and still thinks it should be easier for people to buy a gun. He is vowed to gut Canada's gun control law. He wants to loosen restrictions on assault weapons, he wants to scrap enhanced background checks and he wants people to be able to buy a gun without ever even showing their license to own it gun crime in Canada is on the rise. It's a fact. Frankly, I don't understand how anyone could look at this alarming trend and conclude that we need less gun control, but that's for the conservative leaders to explain to Canadians here's what we will do to end gun violence. We will ban military-style, assault rifles and start a buyback program for all military-grade weapons that were legally purchased and we will work with the provinces and territories to enable municipalities to restrict handguns. That's what a reelected Liberal government will do. I'll also tell you what we won't do. We will not bring back the long gun registry and we will continue to respect Canadian farmers and hunters, but we know you do not need a military-grade assault weapon when designed to kill the largest number of people in the shortest amount of time to take down a deer, Deborah rail, vows, I pawned, a moszer posit a Kiera Diallo spawned a solo sex lav announced Fabian, / travailler avec la Provence, a little trap or adaptive in Lua keeper made head of c-span Tom Palermo, repair madama for the zookeepers and RG Herrmann. Well, of course, over Eagleman eggs is equally Shanti. Airport dimension present our permit domicile valide / rasul allah. Wa sallam proposal is our motto: Appa. She could easily obtain universal legal servitude, Nana mainly criminal over-limit, Leela, glorification of violence, Ariane de nouveaux leg, Lama, Sola, pbht, a commercialization in a vault domicile. It's time to end gun violence in Canada and that's what a reelected liberal government will strive to do. I've often said that politics is about people and on this particular issue, here's the hard truth. People are dying, families are grieving, communities are suffering, so we're going to do more and we're going to do better thoughts and prayers are just not going to cut it. The choice could not be clearer. Liberals are for tougher gun laws. Conservatives are for weaker gun laws, that's that's the difference between forward and backwards. That's what choosing forward means hi, Michelle's olio with The, Globe and Mail. If you couldn't answer in English and French, that would be appreciated. For my colleagues, the vast majority of hand guns used in crimes in Toronto come from outside the city. In fact, the Danforth hand gun came from Saskatchewan municipal ban would do little to stop the flow of these domestic guns into the city. So my question is: why aren't the Liberals willing to have a countrywide ban on handguns? We are moving forward on an approach that is going to work to keep our communities safer. We know that banning military-style assault weapons is an important step in keeping Canadian safe and strengthening the safe storage laws for legal gun. Handgun owners is going to be extremely important as well to prevent legally purchased firearms and handguns from ending up in criminal hands, but we've also heard very clearly from a number of cities like Toronto and others. Who've said that they want more tools to restrict handguns within their municipalities and that's why we were going to work with them and work with provinces and territories to give them the power to do just that. You work on yourself, Kona booze, when the cottagey and you can jeno camino de la vierge, resumes suppose acapella no Suraj repo venir ISM de su, a proper Metro municipality. You will. The rest rain is on the point news, Ivanka le mazurkin, fake Evo, Rafa, Silla, security opposite is Alma. Actually the face on legal death valley, party criminal means evolution, tone G, the freesia, the hunt. We don't know how to ammonia. He would write about presidency. Poorest, rental is on the point. We don't use an ultra very key. You have a clip of a secret. Well, Paul O'neill is a cheap affair. Exactly Massa Perry with CBC News I can get you to answer in English and French. As well they're already strict limits on who can own an ar-15 or a weapon like that, there are limits on the size of the magazine you can have for this weapon. So what's the justification for banning an outright and on your buyback program, what happens if someone doesn't want to sell you their weapon? Are you not turning law-abiding gun owners into criminals um? We recognize that there's always going to be more to do on protecting citizens and communities from gun violence. That's why we're moving forward on banning assault weapons and enabling cities to ban to restrict handguns. We believe that the choice is very clear. Liberals want to strengthen gun control. Conservatives want to weaken it. Conservative leader has talked about expanding the size of magazines available. We think that's a step in exactly the wrong direction. The Conservatives want to loosen gun laws. We want to strengthen it. We know that guns designed for killing the largest amount of people in the shortest amount of time have no place in Canadian. Society have no place in our communities. That is why we are banning more super simple Emily's on the point would be will assist. Her will serve exactly see: Pavan Pavan about Villeneuve wall of alienation, Saskatchewan, even a found Suzy at the cecum Stanford poker templemir, listen, Taylor, / - uncle uncle approach, dois to draw a dromedary, bazi, Sirleaf air support and only Vicky well restrain many Islam. The pond 11 News alone met in the news, Suze Orman spirit rally. You will devil, see: avec la me, por la vast majority, the proprietary down the point news allow a full set fully populated on the peninsula prophecy, the regular mode to the non troppo dodge massage in la sécurité. This is our Matthew 4 session Laker Moy, the criminal with Valley, News, Alma and appropriate I know Matthew David akin Global News. Thank you for all the time he gave us yesterday on the blackface brown face issue. Just one last cleaning up. We know the context for the Arabian Nights event. We know the context for the high school event, sort of performances or festival. What about the video? Why did you do that? What was the context in which she decided to put on the black face there? What were you doing? Did you remember that one, and and can you tell us where that happened? It was a costume day for River guides, on on the on the on the whitewater rafting in the whitewater rafting operation that I that I worked at in the summer between 92 and 94, roughly certain agassi posse upon our lead cut revenues, a katana katana, a kinder egg, a huge Quebec City Engineer the gizmo good morning, mr. Trudeau Theresa right from The Canadian Press US President Donald Trump, has said this morning. He was surprised to see images of you wearing blackface and particularly at the number of times that you wore it. What kind of an impact do you think that this is going to have on your international reputation? And how do you think it'll affect your credibility as a world leader? My focus is on Canadians, who face discrimination every day, Canadians who are racialized, who live within tolerance and marginalization as part of their daily experience? Who I hurt people who, in many cases, considered me to be an ally who are deeply hurt by the terrible choice choices I made many years ago? I apologize deeply to them and I will focus on continuing what I have tried to do as a leader which is always stand against racism and discrimination at home and on the world stage. Munafa Audrey a Toledo, Osceola Canadian, you know it. I discriminate echoes that are in on City a Toledo. The jockey and leave Donatella house. Come the Goodyear kg blessing havoc mesh watch passing excuse profound Emily, Jamar gosh I continued that Nadia in a continual travel called Natalia Valentina's young see what can I die but with or not reminisce the good morning, David youngin from Reuters your MPs are unhappy. Your candidates run happy. There are members of your cabinet who are not particularly happy and some members of the cabinet table who sit around. You have issued long now. It's a philosophical statements. Others such as your foreign minister, who should a fairly clip three paragraphs statement yesterday. How secure do you feel in your leadership in the days and the months and well days, weeks and months, to come, I'm going to continue to stay focused on working hard for a better Canada and I know that there are Canadians many many Canadians that I have deeply hurt, with the choices I made and I'm going to work very, very hard to demonstrate that as an individual and as a leader, I will continue to stand against intolerance and racism. I will continue to stand alongside them as an ally as we strive to build a better world I, let them down a lot of people run the Dragomir CTV News mr. Trudeau, all over the world. Today, people are out on the streets demonstrating about climate change without going into a recap of what you've done so far, I'd like to know if you are re-elected what new initiatives, what new things would you do to reduce emissions I want to begin by celebrating those young people who are taking to the streets around the world to highlight that this is their future. This is our future we are talking about. We need to continue to step up in the fight against climate change here at home across Canada and around the world. That's exactly what we're going to do. We will have a lot more to say in the coming days and weeks, but you can rest assured that we will continue in our ambition and our determination to fight climate change and support Canadians through this change in our economy in our world, as we protect our environment and create a better future for our kids and grandkids over silly-billy rescission key demo leadership, chemo demote, kill, accion Keeseville con continue the Lariat contrition climatic co, canada. He back to the almond, know about the xenos ambitious for coronary, not revival a great conditions, multimatic on a deja connais portico to a Google map or what a gentleman equally, if not more climatic me all not on track glioma surgeon signal that reveille P Kinzie's Caldwell Ferris in oval fair procedure to the no scope of that lets. You hi mr. Trudeau David Cochran, with CBC News. We've just learned that your campaign director has reached out to judge meet sings campaign director to arrange a conversation between the leaders. Possibly what do you want to say to mr. Singh? After the events of the last several days, I will be apologizing to him personally as a racialized Canadian, as I have been apologizing to Canadians, who have suffered discrimination and and intolerance their entire lives in ways that some of us, like me, have never had to experience on a daily basis. This is an incident for which I am deeply sorry and I have apologized to Canadians, but I have also pledged to continue to work with all Canadians in the fight against Islamophobia anti-semitism, anti black racism, racism and intolerance in all its shapes and forms, and on that I am certainly in deep agreement with mr. Singh and I look forward to having a good conversation with him. Systema BAFTA G Eric miss using an easy excuse: reportage a vacation of a truly Canadian aquí vive Inazuma to leadership, Lisi Burmese action over certain. Apparently the comma continuity content discrimination, a Toledo cottagey, a the nipple opportunity. Well, can I leave that sliminess your course already not today, Lucas Martin just talked anytime Prime Minister. Will you confirm left us is reporting that, according to a high-ranking liberal official, that the campaign, the Liberals are expecting more photos to come out, will you confirm that I have nothing to confirm on that, so there could be more I have nothing to confirm on that I'm and just really quickly. On guns. Can you talk? The mayor has talked a lot about stopping smuggling at the border. What are going to be the actions on there we are going to. We have taken significant measures to strengthen our border controls. The Conservatives cut the Canada Border Services Agency in their ten years in office. We have invested massively in securing our border at to an increasing degree, and we will have more to say about our plans on that today. Our announcement is on how we're going to be banning military-style assault weapons and working with municipalities to restrict handguns. We recognize that there is more to do that's why liberals believe in strengthening gun control, welcome service, believe in weakening it new Zavala, zero cause any poor, Donny bruised or so secures the capacity apology, no Fonterra. The des amis yoky de travis Musacchio prefer nova dutra, no surveillance, Oh Georgina, try, no Sakonnet a friend over Danielle is armed assume it's a very, very clever experiment or municipality. The restrained miss Alma on the point: Brian electro, no son. Mr. Trudeau, is there anything else in your past from your youth before your time in politics beat at West, Point, Grey, Academy or anywhere else that you think Canadians should know about now or that if you were running for the Liberals for the first time a vetting committee might take some real issue with I have been forthright about the incidents that I remember. As was pointed out, I hadn't remembered the incident on the in the rafting, the rafting company I was working for and that's why I am worried about being definitive. I did not realize at the time how much this hurt minority Canadians, racialized Canadians, and for that I am deeply. Sorry. I hurt people who consider me and have considered me to be an ally and I will continue to fight against racism and discrimination with everything I do as leader black face any other type of incidents or actions. Note that I can recall yeah um she from laughing sister you apologized immediately after the black faith. Faith issue emerged, but you haven't apologized or taking any actions regarding the SNC leveling scandal, some feminists. They were the solution that, because the way you treated the two strong female feminists, female ministers and there they were disappointed that you you get in the owner. Your prom is too long a transparent government and to hold the principle of Independence of Judas judicial review, judicial independence. And so what corrections are you going to take to convince that? The dissolution feminists that you are still can be trusted and to be voted for? First of all, I recognize that one of the fundamental jobs of any prime minister is to stand up for the public interest to stand up for Canadian jobs and that's exactly what I did and what I will always do is stand up for Canadians and their jobs and their pensions and their communities. I will do that in a way that will and always have respected the independent judicial processes that our core to our institutions and our democracy. That is why I asked the Honourable and McClellan to gather recommendations by a broad range of experts to consult with just about every living former attorney general in this country to make recommendations so that no future government is in the situation that we we were in. We will continue to stand up for Canadian jobs. We will continue to respect the independence of our judiciary and future governments. We'll have better tools to be able to do that. Mr. Trudeau, where you a member of any fraternity, while in college that discriminated and campaigned against immigration and, secondly, I couldn't see any member of the cabinet racialized community behind you. Is this a choosing in the political campaign, as we are witnessing it today? First of all, I I was never a member of any fraternity in my university years or organizations that discriminated against people. My my primary involvement in clubs in university was both the McGill debating Union and the McGill students as the sexual assault center of the McGill student society, where I fought against and stood against the kind of challenges that far too many women were facing around sexual assault and still continue to face in regards to the people here today there are many many great candidates from all sorts of different backgrounds and sorry marrying is here and yes marrying is, is is here we have a great team of diverse Canadians who stepped forward to serve Canada, including in our cabinet, and we're going to continue to make sure that we have a government and a party that looks hello at Toronto Star. The premier, Doug Ford of Ontario, has said that he would have posed a handgun ban ban on hanging on sales in the City of Toronto. How would the liberal is ensure that if the city, as it has said it wants to do, wants the right to impose a handgun ban on in the city of Toronto that it can follow through with the province imposing? We are going to be working with municipalities across the country on giving them the ability to restrict handguns within their their city limits? We recognize that there are many conservatives out there who think we should be weakening gun control. I, disagree. Liberals think we need to strengthen gun control and we need to listen to municipal leaders like John Tory, very plant and others who've been very clear that they need to keep their citizens safe by further limiting handguns in their cities, and we will work with them and with the provinces to give them something that not just municipal leaders, but many many Canadians are asking for reckon a so effective mark. The police conservator give a feebly the control this atmosphere Lily be ho new oversee. The controlled is a measure you know. On a tantric level, the leader, the Grand Villa deputies will come: Valley replanted, John, Tory, King news on the tracker monkeyville pleasure to see papa valle restrained, ilysm the point dollar municipality in new genre, literally record directly perversity revoir, pour upon a service when regard I, know: community alcohol-free, secure news, Anno Domini conversation necessary for Evie hi, Jamie good foreign from cp24 I'd like to give you an opportunity to respond to some comments made in an inner that I conducted with the co-founder of black lives matter, Toronto I. In regards to the photos and video. They say that they were outraged, but not surprised, given your track record on policy relating to race, that the apology was filled with empty words and that the apology doesn't matter what matters most is how you will fix race relations like you to respond to that. Obviously, I deeply hurt racialized, Canadians and I am deeply sorry for that. I understand the anger and the frustration of people who everyday face discrimination face anti black racism, face systemic bias, face face, unconscious, unconscious bias and systemic discrimination. These are things that our government has taken significant steps, not just to stand against, but to actually act on whether it was recognizing the UN decade of people of African descent and investing 25 million dollars over the coming years, so that community organizations in the black community can have the financing and funding to continue to help members of their community, whether it's moving forward on a national anti racism strategy that includes anti black racism, Islamophobia anti-semitism and other forms of discrimination and intolerance. We have moved forward in many different ways of trying to demonstrate a government that will consistently and unequivocally stand up to defend people's rights, to defend people against intolerance and discrimination, but I recognize. There is much much more to do and I recognize that on a personal level, I deeply hurt and disappointed many people who considered me to be an ally and for that I am deeply sorry. Merci.