Good morning, everybody I'm so excited to be here today: I'm, Lea, Kazan and I am the very proud NDP candidate for Winnipeg, Center I feel privileged I feel really privileged and excited today to welcome our leader, Jake Mead sing. So with that I'd like to invite Jake meet up to speak I'm, looking forward to the announcement as I'm sure Canadians from coast to coast to coast are waiting to hear with that. Please welcome Jake meat sing. Thank you so much miss CN, phin Iman, that's Casey! It's a great honor to have such an incredible team behind me, mm-hmm I, want to say Leah. Thank you for your powerful words and for your great work here in Winnipeg. Center I know that these great candidates behind me are powerful voices for the community, so I want them and Leia to join Daniel and I in caucus very shortly. I also want to take a moment to acknowledge that we've got some incredible provincial leaders here, starting with a leader of the Manitoba new democratic party, Wahb canoe. Thank you. So much for being here and I know, some of your MLA team is here as well, so let's give them some love. I really appreciate today, I want to talk today about the climate crisis. Yesterday we heard from Greta thunder a young woman who spoke to the world who spoke to leaders around the world and said very powerfully. How dare you? How dare you take no action in the face of climate crisis? How dare you ignore the millions of young people around the world who are going to the streets and demanding begging leaders? Listen to them because they are worried about their future and they're, seeing the impacts of climate crisis right now here in Canada, young people are taking to the streets because they see the impacts of extreme weather flooding, forest fires. We see it here in Manitoba. This is a crisis of epic proportion and in the face of this crisis we see mr. Trudeau, who continues to just say pretty words empty promises, but no action, don't call no ballast at his climatic on I am only below a mere Minister. Mr. Trudeau, he donned a pail apparel made sounds icy on concrete certain tri-zone full of future generation. You see, Mike stepped up, I want to say to the young people. We hear you, we see you. We know that you're worried about the future and I want you to know that things can be better. We make better choices, we make better decisions. If we have better priorities, we will result in taking charge of this crisis and doing things right moving in a positive direction. I want to thank the elder for touching on the impact to indigenous communities and the wisdom of indigenous communities that cannot be forgotten and ignored in this crisis. So what's at stake is we've got an election where mr. Trudeau is gonna, continue to give nice words and and pretty promises, but we know that they're empty. We know that they're not backed with action and mr. shear is not gonna, be any better. He barely believes that there is a climate crisis, so what we need to do now is come together and commit a real action and real change. Future generations of kids are depending on us. They are begging for action and we are gonna deliver that we have the courage to do so, while mr. Trudeau is too busy meeting with the powerful lobbyists from the energy sector and caving in to their demands, he met with his government met with the fossil fuel industry lobbyists over 1,500 times in the past four years, 1,500 meetings, and that meant he broke a powerful and commitment to end false view subsidies. But it comes as no surprise because the problem in Ottawa is this: the government's in Ottawa, whether they're, liberal or conservative, are working to make life easier for the powerful they're meeting with the powerful corporations, the meeting with the false of fuel sectors and caving to their demands, and it's making life harder for everyone else. It's making life harder for young people who don't see a bright future right now, but we can change that together. So today, I want to announce what our commitments are. First off well, mr. Trudeau caved to the fossil fuel industry. We are committing to ending fossil fuel subsidies once and for all. He bought a pipeline for 4.5 billion dollars. What a? What a betrayal of our future instead, what we would do is invest in the future, and these are our three commitments today that I want to highlight. First off, we want to electrify all public transit by 2030. This is a massive investment in public transit and we know that transportation is one of the leading sources of greenhouse gas emission. This is an investment in our future by electrifying transportation. We create jobs here in Winnipeg, with New Flyer, one of the leading companies building electric buses. This will create jobs and communities. This will create opportunities, and this will also fight the climate crisis. Secondly, we want to establish a climate bank. This climate bank would create a bold initiative to support businesses that are fighting the climate crisis, but also create funds so that we can connect an energy corridor, east-west that is based on electric and clean energy. That's connecting Manitoba's source of energy with those provinces that need it. That's a way to connect the clean energy across this country, whether we're talking about hydro energy in in Quebec or here in Manitoba, with those jurisdictions that don't have it. This is a bold way forward for us to electrify our country and to get off our reliance on on burning carbon. This is a commitment that we make, and finally, today, I want to talk about our commitment to including indigenous voices and representation in being a part of the solution, while indigenous communities face the hardship of climate change on the ground on the frontlines, their voices are in completely ignored. So what we're committing to today is that we would, as a new democratic government, ensure that indigenous communities have a seat at the table as equal partners in the fight against climate crisis. We also want to make sure that indigenous communities have an equal voice in equal decision-making and ensuring that there's job creation and training opportunities. We also know that when we talk about indigenous communities that they're faced with horrible conditions when it comes to basic human rights, and that's why, as a part of our moral and legal of obligation, we are committing to addressing the crises which include water, making sure every community has the access to clean drinking water, education, indigenous child welfare housing. These are commitments that we would make the deal with the crises as equal partners working with indigenous communities to solve these crises. Nope oa in a venir keeper at Cabrillo impound a decision upon declare it a book editor mode. Now. Sukham proposal should be creamy memo on an engagement, the electric field, a transparent, common DC, the militant when I mean engagement, a tablet, a monk, a climatic bond keeper Eddie a crayon, a connection on telly prevent cervical energy Apopka to Manitoba Lesotho province. Evette Lesotho promise, Keenan Abba, a finalement versus Eureka leper block docked on Sunday partner, a park Antje a GU, the only strategy; discretion don't employ the untrained man. We will see the partner donate. Please decision, pilot control, a Chris climatic ensemble on pleasure, another cohosh deal affair. My friends. We have the courage to take on those powerful at the top because we're not in it for them. I, don't work with the people at the top I work for you. I work for Canadians I work for the young people who are worried about their future and I want to tell them this. Together. We can build a brighter future together, we're gonna, do it we're in it for you and we're fighting for you I see. Thank you. We're gonna, take some questions for the media. Now actually forget. Cbc News, the Liberals this morning are promising to push Canada to net zero emissions by 2050. Does the NDP plan to get Canada to that net zero emissions and when, let's be really clear, mr. Trudeau and the Liberals are gonna promise a lot of things now they're there in the election campaign, but we can just look back to 2015. They made a lot of commitments then, and they failed. They failed a future generation of young people who are demanding action. They failed young people who are taking to the streets. They failed people who are saying please do something about climate crisis because we're afraid of the future and no one believes that mr. Trudeau is gonna actually to follow through on those commitments. We believe that we have to take action now we are committed to moving away from fossil fuels. We know the future for our country and for the world is a future. We were not burning any carbon for fuel and that's our commitment and today we're talking about three specific commitments to electrify transportation, ending fossil fuel subsidies, ensuring that indigenous communities are equal partners in decision-making on the frontlines and making sure we have a climate back in place that increases investments in reducing our emissions connecting energy. That's clean across Canada. These are our commitments today we know we can achieve them. We know we can reduce emissions in a way that creates a bright future for young people. What's your target when it comes to reducing emissions? Well, we want to stay in line with the IPCC's report and what Greta thunder was really highlighting. We have to keep global warming to no more than 1.5 degrees, and that means as significant in massive reduction in emissions and we're prepared to do that. We don't noticeably say exactly most acutely scientists and NASA geneology say the the sakura-con augment pas la la temperature of the planet. Booster vehicle sanctity de la cebra, non-combative to some compared pocket and receive less abadeer and called de Muniz shown is Amazon de Gaza Felicia hi mister saying is an e Bertrand Oliver with CTV national news. You talk about making sure that indigenous communities are an equal partner, I'm wondering exactly how you intend on doing that as an NDP government. So what we've seen so far is that people who are on the frontlines of this crisis, our indigenous communities, their way of life, has been impacted directly through the loss of in different communities. If we talk about coastal communities, the loss of salmon as a way of life because of climate crisis and because of impacts on on the environments of those marine species, we know that a way of life is being impacted in northern communities, with the loss of the caribou herds. We know there's a direct impact on indigenous communities, but they're not involved in decision making. So what we're saying is at all, at the federal level, we would ensure there's a seat at the table that indigenous voices matey Inuits at First Nations all have a seat at the table to be involved in decision-making that impacts their communities directly. We want to ensure that indigenous voices are part of the solution on a slightly different subject. You mentioned you want all transit to be electrified by 2030. How realistic do you think this is, and how do you think you can get provinces onside? You said you're not going to impose projects on them. How are you gonna get the provinces onside with this major shift to try to end fossil fuels with the investments we make, we've got a powerful tool, which is the investments we make at the federal level, and we want to invest aggressively and boldly in public transit. We know that that is the way of the future to reduce emissions, and what we want to do is we want to focus in on ensuring that investments are made in zero emissions, public transit. We can do that. We've got amazing technology that exists here in Canada here. In Winnipeg, we've got technology across the world that we can rely on. We can make those investments and we will back that up with massive investments in public infrastructure to ensure that we're moving towards a future where we're not using carbon as a fuel to get around Nabila do Canada. We come out till Allah. Plan B are zero emissions process. If we treat a fee, don't Quebec kuphulu, only bo-zone it won't here. Beaucoup de Jose Montano even carved a needy belt. A hot bath sail arendelle axiom a tsukanai view on the milk cans say exactly mesial Danny beaucoup the belt applicator on a vapid is action. In fact, you know, isn't queasy beaucoup de promise, I'm a chair on Viet Minh, City, with zone frame effect. It can't hide his own poor, a future generation, ISM olio, DePandi's action concrete prove the phone love your mo, isn't Asheton on you, Duke come home performance in Hong, Kong guru, Nokia, Asha, Tino, leduc vimentin, oh dear conv, avoid easy, bleep hug assist sip except table. C'est pas possible seconded the unalaq voyage. The fur fast food called poly wire on a lacrosse, the fare fast. So con, don't please O'neill Appalachia on Hawai politia, the news of jinwu / Lee Adama, Adama, Roger, okay, Beck projector gazook, the requirement on spell Lucas Jersey and L Quebec I'm, Paul, Jay, poor Lauren. Don't me por aqui, no communication. The prisoners resume general behaviour when Zegna Kelly opossums, when PD parable as general Quebec debar together to continue on the on, cannot opposition see 11 years Eclair -, -, yawns, - da covilhã, elf ooh la Donovan, dela Vaughn Donovan in Chile, spa l'énergie for seal it for a Katyusha Cecile, Avenue I'm seeking for a Havilah sukham preferred soccer java, see the truth, feet and you'll a lease ammonium petrol yeah. That's the media, the dollar federal Kevon, Adan, Deep Ecology. He continually pollution su converse it. An you! Lisa is a little evolved. Active whole ship would have had really the mission the Gaza fed. They sell like the same assessment on a transfer, and this is modern energy club. Would you nepali that I bank, a climatic bank, polka clay and connection on college education in zone this energy pop avec lesotho province on on EMPA DOCSIS, a conversa? Don't we? Madam? A position C Class, A, Beka sheets of the carbon- the future did not happen upon future releases energy force in the future. Certain feature who wanna the zero miss you Steve Lambert from The Canadian Press. Mr. Singh previous governments have talked about an east-west power grid. Do you ever pray tag for this project because, as anyone who's driven across Northern Ontario would know it's it's it's a vast territory with with sparse population, and it's been deemed before a very expensive project. We can't afford not to act and there's a price on not acting as well, and that price is future generations who are gonna feel the brunt of a climate crisis which is going to threaten everything, and so we need to act now and that's why we are boldly committing to real action on ensuring that there is an east-west corridor to connect the clean energy that we do have in abundance with those jurisdictions and those communities that don't have it. We have solutions. We have to have the courage to take the action and I'm prepared to do that, but what's the price tag and what's the time frame, so we want to work right away. We've got a climate bank we're putting forward 15 billion dollars in our climate action plan. We know that we need to put even more for it. It's a bold and vicious plan, but we know we need to do everything possible to fight this. This climate crisis, so with the climate bank, we're gonna, make sure it's publicly funded will put enough funds in it to be able to cover our initiatives and our investments. This is something it's important, we'll make priorities to give you an example of what we won't do when what we will do. Last year alone, mr. Trudeau's government spent 14 billion dollars on corporate tax giveaways. In the fall comic statement, that's 14 billion dollars. He gave away, he spent 4.5 billion dollars on a pipeline. He spent he said to corporations that he would forgive their loans in one year alone, six billion dollars. That's almost twenty five billion dollars that mr. Shido is spent on the wealthiest corporations. I wouldn't do that instead, I would invest in fighting the climate crisis. I would invest in people, that's the difference. We have joined the Mike, I, guess yeah, he's gonna, he's gonna go ahead right here and then we'll come to you right after yeah mr. Singh Bryce Roy with CBC Manitoba this week you promised to give provincial governments veto power over a major pipeline projects. Correct! No, no am I am I getting something wrong here. Yes, okay! Well, then you can have that I can clarify that. That's that's okay, yeah, so I reported that way. But it's not what I said ever I never said that I want to make you very clear. I believe that the federal government has significant powers, significant constitutional powers, but I, don't think it's effective to impose pipelines on communities. It's not the way to go ahead, and so what I said very clearly is I would not impose pipelines what I believe in is working with provinces working with indigenous communities in making sure we move forward in collaboration. We can't continue down the same path. It just doesn't work. What happens is of any project that's imposed, particularly when pipelines are imposed. They get challenged in court they when they, particularly when they override indigenous community rights. Again they get challenged in court. It is the wrong way to do things so, I believe. The way to move forward with our federalist system is to ensure that we work together with people we have collaboration. We have respect and partnership. That's the only way to move forward, just a quick fall, just a quick follow-up on that note then see there was a major pipeline project and there was a difference in opinion between the provincial government and affected First Nations. How would your government approach a conflict like that? So to be really clear, we know we've got significant powers at the federal level, but I do not believe in imposing pipelines. I just don't believe in that I. Don't think. That's the right way to go forward, but I do believe in doing is making sure that we've left three criteria that are very important to me when it comes to when it comes to any project. Does the project fit within our plan to reduce emissions? We've got young people that are depending on us. We've got future generations that are depending on us. We owe it to them. Does it fit within our environmental plans, our environmental regulations protections and does it fit within our plans to reduce emissions? Secondly, does it respect and most importantly, does it respect indigenous communities rights? If it doesn't introspect indigenous communities rights, then it cannot go ahead, and, thirdly, does it actually create jobs for does it actually create jobs for Canadians? If it does these three things, it's a project we can look at if it doesn't, it cannot go ahead. Mr. Singh dan, let Winnipeg Free Press I'm wondering following the extraordinary events that we witnessed last week on the campaign trail all eyes. Right now are obviously on national opinion polling, trying to find out what the impact of those things are so far, and it may still be early days. We don't see a lot of movement for the NDP out of what happened last week and I'm just wondering if you can say, are your expectations that you will see an uptick in support based on what happened last week. My expectations are: the Canadians will look at the Liberals who have failed them and look at conservatives who are gonna, cut their services and look to New Democrats as their champion and we're gonna form a new democratic government in Canada. This is a follow up. What sort of possible theory could you offer about the the fact that you seem to be mired in the low-teens low to mid teens and support nationally and I know that Election Day is the only poll that counts, but what what sort of explanation do you have for the fact that you have not seen traction really at all? Even post SNC Lavin, the NDP has not been able to gain in support at the expense of the the Liberals and I'm just wondering why you think that is it's not at all what I'm seeing I'm, seeing the exact opposite, I'm, seeing massive numbers of people coming out to our events, people who are excited about we have to offer. We've got a host of incredible candidates that are running for us. We've had massive town halls where people are saying, you know what we see in you, people that reflect what we're going through people are telling us more and more. We are feeling that the economy is rigged, that it's not working for us. People are telling me that they do feel like they're being ignored by liberals and by conservatives. People are telling me that they feel like they're being taken for advantage taken for granted, that people that just assume that ok liberals will get in and then eventually conserves will get in. People are saying that they've had enough with that I'm hearing people on the streets in communities that I go to telling me that they want a different way forward. They want governments that work for them. They don't want liberals and conservatives that continue to work for those at the very top. They want a government that actually gonna put their needs first and I'm excited about that I'm excited, because this is a way to move forward. That's actually gonna take care of the people that need help most, not the billionaires and millionaires who don't need help I want to make sure we put in place action and concrete policies that benefit people mark Neufeld, City, News I'm wondering mr. sing. If the NDP are elected, how quickly will that climate bank be made available great question? We're gonna put that climate bank in place as quick as we can. It's something that's a party for us. We want to we've learned this, this concept for many other jurisdictions, where it's worked effectively to encourage entrepreneurship in the environmental space, where people are fighting climate crisis and fighting to reduce climate or reduce emissions. It's worked in other jurisdictions, so we want to put this together right away. It's a priority for us how big or small what a business or individual need to be to access those funds. These are some of the implementation questions that we will work on when we're rolling out the program. But what we can say is that this will be a fund that will be available publicly delivered. It's not going to be like the infrastructure bank, as the Liberals I kept the mix up with conservatives for a second I wanted to put forward which would privatize future infrastructure. Our plan is to say we want publicly funding to support initiatives to reduce emissions and we'll get that going right away and make sure that it's available to as many people as possible and we'll roll out the details when we're in the phase of actually rolling it out. These are commitments. These are values: Jeff, keel, CTV Winnipeg. If you could elaborate more on your your electrifying transit plan, how much would it cost between now and 2030 to do this, and how do you envision the funding rolling out? Would it be, you know a three-way deal with the province and cities or would be money directly for cities like hah? How would that work, or would it be? You know private, to do the new Flyers of the world accessing this, this climate Ben? Can you maybe it's a lob right on that sure sure we know that we've got a kind of all three. What you suggested there's got to be initiatives where we and we've talked about this we've gotten commitments to work more directly with with cities. Municipalities are a stick more and more to deliver more services with less funds, and it's very difficult. So we want to have a more direct relationship with municipalities. So that's one of our commitments to work directly with them, particularly when it comes to transit funding. So that's something where we're prepared to do, particularly given situations like here in Manitoba, where you've got a Conservative government that wants to cut services and cut things like public transit and healthcare and education more than ever, cities need a partner, federally who's willing to invest in cities and invest in the things that people need. So that's one and then we need to work, of course, with provinces. We are going to work the provinces to make sure that the funds are available, but it's going to be a massive massive investment in public infrastructure, creating jobs. We think it's a job creator. It's also going to reduce emissions. It's got also an improved quality of life. It's something we're committed to doing this. You say: there's gonna, be an initial 15 billion in so how much um? What numbers have you worked out? Do you think this would cost the federal government, or maybe all three levels of government to electrify transit across this country? I got to start by saying this: it's not it's something very important, I think we cannot afford not to do it like we have to do it. It's such an important thing we'll make the commitments to make sure it's achievable we're, starting with a 15 billion dollar investment. That's a bold step forward, but we'll do whatever it takes, because it's important it's gonna, create jobs, and it's also gonna help us fight climate crisis, and we can't afford not to act. It's so important that I would putting all my efforts towards making sure we do this. The way that liberals and conservatives put all their effort towards giving billions to billionaires, we're gonna, put all our efforts towards actually helping people out and helping fight the climate crisis. Yet, can you give us a specific number that you are budgeting to electrify transit out of that 15 billion dollars? Roughly? How much do you expect to spend we're gonna roll out more details of our plan as the campaign continues, but I can tell you that this is a priority. This is something we're committed to doing and we're gonna make sure we put the funds in place and we achieve this reality just to follow up when it comes to the plan for provinces with respect to pipelines and big infrastructure projects. Is the power you'd give to Quebec different than what you would give to other provinces? Quebec is different and so we're giving a different consideration for Quebec, absolutely and I'm, proud of that. That's a part of our federalism, which recognizes the unique nation, the unique nature of Quebec, but what I'm saying for every province in every territory across this country is that a new democratic government would not impose pipelines. What we would do is when we want to move forward with projects is work in collaboration, work in support with local communities and, in particular, work in respect and collaboration and partnership with indigenous communities, but if I can just highlight for a second, the past way of doing things has not worked. Projects have not been built under a system where ideas or projects are imposed on communities. It just does not work that way. So why would we continue down a path that doesn't work where courts, where there's Court challenges on decisions? It just doesn't work that way. We've got to find a better way for it and that's what I'm saying today and earlier I spoken about a way forward which cognizes we still have the power to do so, but that using that power is not the way to get things built. Hi Carol Sanders from the Free Press I'm wondering hi. The provincial NDP made a bit of a comeback and during the the last election, do you see that, as having any kind of you know, momentum for the federal candidates who are running in Manitoba? Yes, okay, I had a follow-up, but it's kind of for Leah about how would she do things differently and Winnipeg Center like what? How why would she be a better candidate than Robert Falcon willette? For this writing? What could you do specifically I'm I'm, knocking on thousands of doors throughout this writing I'm, going to places where there's 20 people living in a house I'm meeting seniors that cannot afford to live on their own. This is appalling, considering that this current federal government is spending billions of dollars. As our leader, Jake Meads Singh, has indicated, 25 billion dollars, bailing out big corporations that money needs to be invested in the climate crisis and also the good people of Winnipeg center. The third poorest writing eye in the country. We are offering a plan for people, particularly in the Riding of Winnipeg center. It is critical. It is a critical time I'm, the former president of the social Planning Council Winnipeg over the past four years. Things are getting worse as a person who lives in the writing as a person who is living by neighbors, who don't even have to have enough money to pay rent who are choosing between prescriptions that they must take for life-saving measures and food. We must change this immediately, yeah, yes, okay! Thank you. So much thanks for all the questions. Friends can I just ask you to do something. For me, it's a it's a tough job to to ask a lot of questions and to hold democracy to account. So we can just give some love to the media that do great work for us. Thank you all. Thank you very much. Thank you.