Each other together, it's always something that between about whether this happy Thanksgiving everyone- what a pleasure to be here today with all these incredible young people who I chosen to spend part of their day filling campers and making sure that everyone has a Happy Thanksgiving, of course, very glad to be here with a Madison. Police are a candidate here in New, York southwestern. Also someone that I have had a tremendous pleasure working with over the past four years as we fight to build a better Canada, also very happy to have been joined here by Masai Ujiri. Who is a extraordinary leader who I got to know a number of years ago in following the tragedy in the lodge where he wanted to stop up and used his his connections within the Raptors organization to support, give experiences to kids from that community that had been devastated by tragedy. But his leadership, not just in the basketball world but around the world. Empowering young people and building a better future is something that continually inspires all of us and it is a an honor to have him with us here today. We are focused, of course, on this election and the choice that Canadians are making it's a very clear choice between continuing to move forward or going in the direction of conservative cuts. That's not what people want we need. A progressive government is going to keep focusing on it. Keep focusing on young people, which is why we're making so many investments in education, investments in a brighter future for everyone, citronella journal, see civics show come on invested on Ian Juby come on Natasha banana girl, it's getting personal deities about that. Consider awesome, Salameh, -, open up - Issa reminisce pour like last on the rafflesia Penelope - Nevada, one in common remembers one element publicist, but the conservatives say larger. We can offer constantly. The club is always a happy moment, together with young people and talk about the future, we're building and that's very much what we're doing as we all choose to move forward together, Global News. What can you tell us about what happened last night and why there was an increased security presence? My first concern was for the safety of my family and for all Canadians in the room. This will not change at all how I campaign, but I'm, not gonna, make any further comments on the community. Is that my security, the Metheny it is? Although Mossad is several portions, eg -, that's our song, another question Simon and me offended: there's no mythology. Can you speak to how it felt personally to have to wear a bulletproof vest at the event you know what this election is so important that choice Canadians are facing is so important and the the importance of getting that connection with people talking to people about the very, very clear choice, they're facing between conservative cuts or a progressive government means that I am as motivated as I have ever been to get out and connect with people every chance. I get so people really understand. What is it stake in the choice in this election good morning, Michele so Leo at The, Globe and Mail last night your wife was supposed to be on the stage, but she never appeared if the security concern was so great that you had to wear a protective vest and your wife didn't appear on stage. Why didn't you just cancel the event for the safety of the 2,000 people there? My priority was the safety of my family and the 2,000 people in the room. I took advice from the RCMP work with them, but I will not make any further comments on this incident and on a separate matter. The Conservatives have been running Facebook ads in Chinese, accusing the Liberals of wanting to legalize drugs. Can you clarify your position on this and comment on any concerns you have about this information on this issue. I think we've seen that the Conservative Party is continuing to mislead and even lie to Canadians, because they cannot explain why they want to cut fifty three billion dollars from Canadians four times as much as dug for so. Instead they have to lie about our platform. I think it is reprehensible. We have been very clear. We will not be legalizing hard drugs. We will continue with the approach that we have. That has been working on fighting this terrible opioid epidemic, but we will continue to be honest with Canadians about the choice they're facing between conservative cuts. That would be four times greater than what Doug Ford has put forward or continuing to move forward and invest in Canadians with me, 12 Monty, who Canada pass give birth purposely evolve. Apparently, the Cooper is announce the austerity implement support, so Creek and shareholders. When are grooving America exists in all the conservatories, a security officer should we do and even occasionally be negative about our work. Don't I chemo that we are saying we must approve a visitor. His port security super secure producer, a sweater, oh c'mon, when settle excellent report on polygon idea, only don't rain, well, polarization Politico, the per negativity mountains la parte de parte, conservator, a noodle, considering the demo clear contrast, positive and secure conservatories government leases canonical point for a vast Indonesian forever, still delusion the new funny MST a polity conditional automatic, effective man, Alan polarization as easily show me, surah al-kahf BlueGlass the fly, so she actually can attend what fun I think we are seeing an increase in polarization in election campaigns around the world, increased politics of fear, negativity and now, as we've seen from the Conservative Party flat-out, lies to Canadians. We need to make sure that we choose a positive vision for the country and we are strong in our contrasts with our proposal to continue to invest in Canadians, invest and fighting climate change, invest in support for families where the Conservatives are promising cuts four times bigger than what Doug Ford has inflicted on Ontario Ombudsman SAV yeah, one of you guys some David Belle de Sousa Masuka team, eventually raptors sign seconds, keeps your job 3 I'm, a defensive, Majesty Skinner, who compiled home, continue to travel, pleasantly circumscription on roads, with the many polar restless man pas parler Joshua, associate Greek and agend welfare s, con Swahili, good conservatives who asked on frizzy and well among coexist. There's all manner of conspiracy. Theory circulated a baseless about last night's security incident. Wondering what extent do you hold that polarization you just referred to as being responsible for creating that environment where that kind of specialist or I think we are seeing, unfortunately, a extremely high level of misinformation, disinformation on online and people who are really trying to further polarize and make fearful Canadians the reality is the Conservative Party is continuing to spread falsehoods to Canadians, to try and scare them into voting for them or against us and I. Don't think that has its place in Canada. We need to continue to make strong contrasts with we within competing visions of this country, and we know from the Conservatives platform which they finally released at. You know late on a Friday night of a long weekend near the end of the election campaign that they plan on cutting fifty three billion dollars worth of investments in Canadians, and that choice is very, very clear for Canadians right now. Do we give in to the polarization and the fear and the division and the misinformation being spread on the lines? Or do we continue to move forward? Pushing back against conservative cuts and choose a progressive government is going to continue investing in people and continue fighting climate change, no Connie, so Casey's erection, so Textron, mom, :, easy Juliano posture, sur, Sur, Lisa, TechNet, apologies, información y más, información, faster, cheaper, new particles, avatar Lisa, so effective that negativity meters were it external time. You know continue under African government, not racist of Donna Maria I reckon group conservator a fairly good. Mr. shears made some very personal attacks against you. He's called a liar: a fraud fake feminist. His campaign put on a press release also baseless, with suggesting something some malfeasance on your part. Do you think they hit that kind of language from Mr? Shearer puts you at your safety at risk and does that encourage the kind of things that could lead to security problem? You see this is the thing that the Conservative Party of Canada does now, but not just now. The very day after I won the Liberal leadership. They launched massive personal attack ads against me. They feel that personal attacks and lying to Canadians is the only way they can get elected because they know their platform is promising cuts and austerities that will hurt Canadians. So the choice is very clear: do we continue with the progressive government or do we double down on conservatives and accept conservative cons Cisco? What does a party conservator modele this attack personnel via Nouveau, the Premier's? Only attraction in the leadership party Barad european is andy. He decreed the attack personal, so president articles of attack say consequences seriously. Bask in the proposal in Vision+ davis sultana join the proposed Kelly Kapoor in the hostility he said. The extra mclaren nama dois sae the massive capacity to icd-10 pelican examples a ferry deal. He took a past Angela revision Pauline from the radical agenda. Capri Claire, just gonna accept the conservatories us more vulnerable. When you were in material there was someone trying to throw eggs at you and- and that was coming from the perspective of someone who thought you weren't doing enough climate change. We know now the guttenberg will be heading out to alberta shortly. Do you have any concerns for her safety out there I think I am concerned in general, with the polarization that we've seen in this election. We have seen this in in our friends and allied countries around the world where increased, divisive discourses, misinformation, deliberate misleading of electors, has led to some very toxic elections, but I have tremendous faith in Canadians I know from coast to coast to coast. People have gathered together with their families to reflect on the kind of future they want to be they're. Thinking about, you know, what's in store for their kids, what opportunities are there for the next generations, how we're gonna fight climate change, how we're gonna pull together and make sure that everyone has a real and fair chance to succeed, and the choice people are facing is a very simple one. Do we continue with the progressive government, or do we go backwards to conservative cuts? Those are the conversations people are having and the kind of misinformation and personal attacks that the Conservatives are putting out there. It's not something that Canadians are going to fall for thinking of some of those conversations around the Thanksgiving table. I'm just wondering do you think this may come out? Do you think head is a racist country? I think there are many many Canadians who face systemic discrimination every single day and that's why I pledged myself and my government to continue to fight against racism, fighting against intolerance, intolerance and fight for inclusion, clear you in a sense, blaming no I think it's very clear that that there is a general polarization right now that various parties have contributed to over the past past months and more specifically for the past days, but the decisions around last night. My concern for the safety of my family and for the people in the room were based on that particular policy. The parties have their platforms up, but in some ways it sort of seems they're coming down as a referendum on you and Andrew Shearer wants to make this election about me. This elections know about me. This election is about Canadians and the choice that they have to make about how we move forward and the choice is very clear: do we move forward with conservative cuts, or do we keep with a progressive government? That's going to invest in Canadians and fight climate change? Mr. shear ever I see a fellow John Kasich, except upon one see Felix your putti Canadian. It is Walker River, Fire 2's gone except the Cooper Conservatory's Wisconsin Erica Google Emma and I'd like to talk about your sharpened attacks. In the speech last night, you mentioned the NDP for one of the first times. How much of that is a bit of desperation on your party's partes, you kind of see them eating at your support. I think it's very clear that Canadians are worried about what a Conservative government would do, and people need a progressive government, not a progressive opposition and the opportunity to make those choices is and what we're gonna be talking about over this coming week. What do you say to those who say, though this is a typical liberal attack, sort of when you, when you see the the vote starting to split on the progressive side? I think we've seen what the what happens in places like Ontario, you know the NDP wasn't able to stop Doug Ford the NDP wasn't able to stop Stephen Harper. If you want to stop conservative cuts, you have to elect a progressive government, not a progressive opposition. You work on a song can see over constantly CC university that I canada in beauty conditions. Mathematic phooey dear government, probably exists in medina popular RPG, stephen harper, there's a fire in the official. What a puppy she dug for this very dearly that they impose in akhirah, canada, quebec, o neighbors. When the québécois body found evil. Our key requires o google, nama, Padano position see can't block it. They follow out the worker stephen harper, a pure service earring, the protocol, the kyoto yep. You could be on his arm like it's. A magnet for his own blood for illegal animal exists for Swasey assist the the toxic replicas. Please is right across the political spectrum, and, if so, would you urge your supporters to dial back that rhetoric? I think one of the things that we're seeing is, even though we have a very, very positive plan, to continue to invest in canadians, we've shared over the past number of weeks in sharing our full platform and continuing on the approach that has worked to lift a million, almost nine hundred thousand Canadians out of poverty and seen canadians create over a million new jobs, most of them full time. There is a divisiveness in this election that I think Canadians are noticing and reflecting on, and the choice is: do we give in to the misinformation and fear like, unfortunately, so many of our neighbors and allies around the world have given into in their political discourses or do we stay true to who we are and make a choice based on building a better future for our kids and grandkids over the past four years? Those are their investments we've made and we're going to continue. Not choice is the choice facing teenage. Yes, do we go for conservative cuts, or do we elect a progressive government? Incitement to violence is almost commonplace on role for government to make take further action. We have committed to move forward on the Christchurch declaration which, in which governments and Internet companies have agreed to stand strongly against terrorism online, and we have also committed to looking carefully at what we can do to move forward in a way that will both protect free speech, which is extremely important, but also ensure the Canadians online are safe from toxic intimidation and threats of violence. This is something the Canadians expect. The rules that apply in the public sphere should also apply in the virtual sphere and the way we move forward on that will require careful analysis and thought and working with a broad range of partners, but I know Canadians expect to be safe when they're online as well, never alone. Thank you. Those knows a plug for a you.