Morning, everyone ball methane to the moon, it's great to be here today and st. John, every Canadian has relied on the Canadian health care system at one point or another, a broken bone, the birth of a child, routine check-up or the loss of a loved one. We've all made a trip to the doctor's office or a visit to the hospital like the one behind me. We all have a personal story to tell I'm here today to talk about how a new Conservative government will help make those stories a bit better I want you, your elderly parents, your children, your loved ones, not to worry about wait times and not to worry about your bottom line. Today, medical imaging equipment across Canada is falling behind. We don't have enough equipment to meet the growing demand for potentially life-saving tests, and the wait times for important tests and treatments are too long as a result for the amount of money Canadians paying taxes, they deserve timely access to quality health services and the very best in modern health technology and equipment. That's why, as Prime Minister I'll invest 1.5 billion dollars in our first term, to replace aging MRI machines and CT machines and increase the total number of machines in Canada's health care system. Simple cloth: come premier, ministre, AMS Tyr in media ad media data on donut for premium on that for home, plus a labia FFA DFM in the city adequately. The number adapt away from the system, the Sun take a linear here, New Brunswick the average wait time for a medium wait time for a CT scan is 56 days and for an MRI scan 28 days. That is 56 days spent waiting to be tested to say nothing of knowing the results. This investment will support the commitments made by the Higgs government to make public health care accessible and dependable, and to work with regional health authorities to prioritize expenditures to reduce wait times. It will help our healthcare providers across Canada to deliver quality services with the most up-to-date technology and give patients quicker access to reliable life-saving tests. So they can get the treatments they need when they need it when they need them. Hundreds of thousands of pinions are forced to miss work while they wait for an important test that is unacceptable. Jabez ad, no furnace or the Swain part o Canada Freya. They service the callate electric technology lab who's. Actually, a Daniel pacion in accepting happy at his eczema Seabra is so Debbie. Poor can pass minded on doll, excelled at all. They pleaded home a vector crash. They sent a to mediate, the Canadian, the Canadian to our subs auntie to live a lie. I think that hon DeLuca rings ma important. It's a ten, except that it's also our seniors, who are most likely to use the health care system. It's our parents and grandparents for most likely to need one of these tests and with Canada's aging population. The demand for MRI and CT tests is only going to increase I'm proud to be here today to deliver real relief to Canadians real help for you, your kids, your parents, more help for your health and just before the election, I made a commitment to King's I wrote a letter to every premiere in the country and sign my name to a guarantee that a new Conservative government will maintain an increase, both the Canada Health transfer and the Canada social transfer, and that we will also maintain the current funding formula, a new vole grooving among conservative, a mania a augment date, the trans fair Kennedy, a on my tier, the Sante, a transfer Kennedy on idea to program socio, a new salon, OSI mania platform in the finals for actual this commitment means that provinces will be able to count on stable, predictable funding to pay for their programs and deliver quality health care. The reality is that Canada's population is both growing and aging, and this presents new challenges for the healthcare system, but Justin Trudeau simply doesn't understand how his reckless and wasteful spending makes meeting those challenges more difficult. He said he would balance the budget instead, his out-of-control spending and never-ending deficit have added so much to our national debt. We are on course, to one trillion dollars in debt by 2035. Trudeau's debt and deficits mean higher taxes, threatened access to the health. Social programs. You all depend on the only way to guarantee a stable, responsive and accessible health care system over. The long term is to balance the budget and the only party that will do that is the Conservative Party of Canada and, at the same time, will make targeted investments like the 1.5 billion dollars. I have announced today, so you can get the health care you deserve. You deserve a government that knows it's already hard enough to get ahead in life without the government making it harder. You deserve a government that understands that balancing the budget is the best way to preserve the services that Canadians rely on the most, including comforter, and you deserve it. New Conservative government that will live within its means put more money in your pockets, so you can get ahead good man, he did guru them all come from girl liquidly, but push it there it'll mayor of money, the place of early service, so they can inhale it cut again on the pubis way. Don't they sway do something boom every day, a new vote, Google more conservative, a beaver salon same way. He met completed round about posh for loop. We see a Emir a, but who did yet. Thank you very much. Merci, beaucoup happy to take your questions. Modulus is shared. We do endeavor to Canada was in Seattle to set salmon chef, liberal White, Lotus, Angela, BA, isolated colleague him avocadoes, AMA fur and yeah denial. The Granville, the group demanded a zania repeat: schwa, 8lz, Lazaro, pointless armed Isuzu evolution. New musical tone plays expel the police ki-ki-ri-ki on dick mail. Fasten the loot, a contra la créme, come Saturday since it I do take the criminal elegant, good SSA, the PA, the mock-up or Canada to security, say similar the Diwali resource. Consider the criminal Elizabeth Iligan is a celebrity photographer. A user jealous friend, Daniel de dólar push the people arm Eskil. The group day today on court also began 20, cesarean accusation, pinnacle pepper and premiere-minister aqui, $1 million profit scandal key madness, that's buried the feather discussed this Action News News, some Napoli later on it. The computer is on the on Italy project early, they serve a is a new Sibley lafrankie mineral anytime after illegal. So that's a ridiculous accusation made by the prime minister who is mired in his own scandal and desperate to change the channel. Our plan goes after the real criminals, we're going after the illegal firearms, we're standing up for honest Canadians farmers and hunters people who use firearms responsibly and legally, it's easy to ask law-abiding canadians to follow more laws, it's harder to go after the criminals and the illegal farms. Conservatives are ready to do the hard work that will actually improve safety in our communities. Good morning, mr. Cheryl vanovech from CBC News are you order to know where of any other controversial photos of the Prime Minister? And if so, why won't you release them? I'm not aware of any any further I'm, not aware that we are. Why won't you commit to implementing the United Nations declaration on the rights of indigenous composer? As I've said in the past, the there are many laudable goals in that particular declaration. Many conservatives have been working on in the past and will commit to working on the future. The issue is around ensuring that we have a process in this country where big projects can get built again, and the wording around free, prior and informed consent is one that has not been defined even within the indigenous communities. There's disagreement about what that means and how that would implemented, and if we want to be a country we can get big projects built again. We have to be very careful about the types of things the wording on these types of things, and so we are committed to improving quality of life for indigenous Canadians, both on and off Reserve and, at the same time, bringing in a regulatory approvals process that could actually get to a yes in this country. Again. Yeah these objective, don't set decoration, trap, importantly considerably. They call that way. Future myriad, a the design key to service it is a spectacle commonly. Oh, no fish sauce naturally grow pleasure at all. That camisole is objectively support on Mayo seek in residence at pay all a grand project right way: costly Mr, Shearer, Janice Dixon, with The Globe and Mail um. Yesterday, Justin Trudeau apologize again for what he did in Winnipeg. The crowd seemed pretty receptive there. What did you think about what he had to say? Well, I believe Canadians would have been able to accept his apology. Had he been more, it might have been able to accept his apology. Had he been open and transparent the first time if he hadn't lied when he was first given the opportunity to address it and again, I think people are very concerned about the hypocrisy. The fact that there is one set of rules for Justin Trudeau and one set of rules for everyone else, and you know the fact that he won't even hold himself to the same standard that he sought. Other people shikaku the Kennedy area except date, says excuse that they sing sociopath Monty, look for the opportunity. They say cracker of existential, oh yeah, in system, the regulatory, a in system, the vector or raster noon, and did you learn anything further from your team about when it obtained that video that it gave to the media know? Good morning mr. shear Katie Simpson CBC News just to follow up on a point you just made there, so you accused Justin Trudeau of having one set of rules for everybody else and another set of rules for himself. But at the same time you have said that with your candidates, if they say something in the past that would be deemed offensive in 2019 as long as they apologize. They're welcome to remain a part of your team. With that in mind, are you not sort of doing the exact same thing by not apologizing for your 2005 comments on same-sex marriage? Well, I believe that if you look at mr. Trudeau's apology and believe James would have accepted if it hadn't been sincere and and the first time when he was given the opportunity to address these directly in an open and transparent manner. He didn't and again you know, he's he's he's not living up to the his own standards. He had an opportunity to address this head-on and instead he he lied that when he was asked about how many times he did it, but Sir I asked about you yeah. Well again, you know I've addressed that issue of the, but the issue here is that these, when these photos and these incidents came to light, Justin Trudeau had an opportunity to address them head-on and in in doing that. He he lied about how many times it happened, so I think Canadians might have been able to accept his apology. Had he been honest and transparent. The first time hello, mr. chair, Kevin, Gallagher CTV national I, still think we'd like to hear, if you're willing to apologize for comparing same-sex marriage to a dog's tail in 2005. Well, I have addressed that speech and again what we're talking about here- and you know what this is such a subject of these conversations in the last few days, the way Justin Trudeau handled dealing with the instance that came to light in his past and I think Dave's might have been able to accept his apology. Had he been open and transparent the first time. Do you think Canadians accept your views back in 2005 same-sex marriage? Obviously we had a debate on that issue. Canada Canadians had their say. Our country has moved on. Our society has moved on and I have moved on, say: okay, okay, are you in the baths of cetology the Canadian or fellow schwa associate a except as a result, capacitor settles you a more member, fero mem shows Mr Shearer by cricketer bubble. National won't ask about immigration. You've said that our immigration system is broken. How will you fix it specifically, since immigration is crucial for our economy? What I've said in the past is that Canadians are losing confidence in our immigration system, because Justin Trudeau has failed to do anything about the. But how will you fix it? Sir? Sorry, it's about you now! Well, you in your preamble, you, you framed it so I'm addressing that Canadians have lost confidence in the immigration system, because Justin Trudeau has failed to deal with the tens of thousands of people who have crossed into Canada illegally. So what we're going to do will have more to say during the campaign as addressing that very issue with applying the principles of the safe third party, safe third country agreement along the border, so that people who have already reached a safe place make the asylum claim in that country. We do confianza systemic cause. The thing to do is you eight directly the problem Iraq same Road and there's a lot of opportunity open, also coming mister como. Se la plication delay, Princip long term totally they pursue a new frontier I. Just wanna follow up with a question on Bill 21, its elected prime minister you're gonna have to stand up for all Canadians. But how will you not challenge Bill 21, which a lot of people are seems discriminatory, well-built bill 21 is being challenged. It's it is going to the courts and the courts will decide on. We may on Quebec Villa wanna, bang dear fellow recoil, a call back from shake me or absent from Canadian Press I asked you the other day whether or not you believe there should be any restrictions on the sale, semi-automatic weapons in Canada, and you didn't really give a response. Can you explain today why you think or whether you think Canadians should be able to buy semi-automatic weapons in Canada? Well, conservative support robust regimes around the ownership, sale and screening process for individuals themselves. We support having gun laws in place that maximize safety that ensure that Public Safety is addressed in these substances. There are many restrictions limitations as part of that that conservatives have always supported the past. We're talking about is the is whether or not it is effective to have blanket bans on on on other types of firearms, and what we've heard is from police experts that it's more effective, it'll lead to safer communities. If we use police resources to go after criminals and illegal firearms policy, yeah yeah beaucoup yeah, they regular doughnuts with a Jeep or a laser Nafisi, okay, not a concept or to Zurich. We that's our a security public, a man, who's new Zacuto always expects a mere there easily less sauce policia come a loot, a contra legging. The hood la is an illegal Canadian. Governments have been promising internationally for more than a decade to help phase out fossil fuel subsidies. You said this week, you're cutting at least 100 1.5 billion dollars in subsidies to corporations. Will you commit to living up to Canada's commitment, to phase out fossil fuel subsidies and over what time frame? As long as there is international demand for for oil and gas I believe that candidate should be the one supplying it. The the projections for consumption of oil and gas well into the future are only expected to rise and I. Believe it's much better for the world, much better for our environment, for Canada to be supplying that energy. It's better for Canadian energy to to fill Canadian markets and to be exported around the world. Then oil and gas producing countries without environmental standards like Saudi Arabia like Venezuela, that don't have the same commitment to human rights, so I want I, don't just believe the world needs more Canadian. Energy I believe Canada needs more energy and that's why I support the energy quarter, which will allow the Western Canadian energy to reach Eastern Eastern markets. We, the projects, know por la casa, marchionne, the the the petrol ethical, the conservation about of Monte down the future is your quark signature, Kanaka, Canada, Papageno, Bezos natural attack. Tomorrow, all year, delays of the bacon a visa did come to Venezuela. I deserve only standard amount, Amato trans Arabic, a simple, no BMO, Sela Canada, a elderly pay keeper participate no sense yeah good morning, Mr Shearer Silas, Brown, global New Brunswick in this region of the province. You have three former MPs who are running against the people that they lost you in the last election. What's your pitch to New Brunswickers in this area? Who may have voted liberal last time and you want to reconsider. Well I, hear that every time I come to New Brunswick. In fact, every time I travel all across the country, I hear so many people who say that they voted liberal in 2015 and they're they're so disappointed because Justin Trudeau has turned out to be not as advertised. They did not get what they were expected from this government, and so we've got a great blend of candidates in in this region. People who have held the confidence of voters before have provided excellent service to their constituents and as well as new candidates who are running for the first time for us. So that's gonna be a great mix of some veterans with experience and a new MPs that can help bring about new ideas as well, so I'm very, very proud of the slate of kids. We have in New, Brunswick and all across the land of Canada. What can you offer to New Brunswickers, specifically, that you don't believe Trudeau Canada? Well, when we look at Justin Trudeau's failures on things like NAFTA, a failing to address the Safa failing to get any resolution in negotiations with United States to do anything long-term on softwood lumber. We know the carbon tax is having a disproportionate effect on New Brunswick. Where was both on the individual side and on and the partnership industries like forestry, we know that the regulatory process that they have implemented in killing energy East has had an impact here. There is a lost opportunity, so clearly the Conservative Party is on the right side of New Brunswickers on several important issues. Thanks very much you.