Thanks so much we're here in pricey narrows here, miss I see fruity turtle Canora, it's well MoMA Kwok, a member of Richard Parliament in Ontario, Legislative, Assembly and Ewan Gracia narrows this is a community that is one of the most powerful examples of the neglect of the federal government. The fact that the community has had mercury poisoning that is claimed the community for so long and there's been so much inaction is, is just such a horrible example of just the inaction of conservative and liberal governments, and, most recently when we saw a community activist someone from Gracia Narrows raising the concern about what will the federal government. What will mr. Trudeau's government do about the mercury poisoning at a fundraiser? It is incomprehensible how mr. Trudeau said this, but he sarcastically said thank you for the nation, as he mocked someone raising a concern about a community. Another example of the two mr. Trudeau's, someone in public who says indigenous reconciliation is so important, but in private makes fun of someone who's, raising a serious concern about a community impacted by mercury poisoning. Beyond that now, we've seen recently with mr. Trudeau's government's decision to appeal the landmark Canadian Human, Rights Tribunal decision to say indigenous kids, need to be compensated for the unequal funding, something that we've long known as being true. The fact that this is now being appealed and the reasons for the appeal again are a complete betrayal of reconciliation. It is, it is beyond any sort of comprehension how the God we can talk about reckless reconciliation in one hand and then abandon it on the other. These are just more and more examples of what is what is a massive issue of injustice? That's not being interests and I want to make one last thing very clear that we can tackle these problems. It's a matter of having commitment to do so. The Parliamentary Budget Office makes it clear that the reason why the boil water, advisories, the cleaning water has not been done is because of a lack of funding that 1.8 billion dollar shortfall in commitments is the reason why we're not at the point where cleaning the water that's me is just again unacceptable. It's wrong: when mr. Trudeau can find the money to buy a pipeline, you can find the money to give corporations billions of dollars in tax cuts. The fact is, they could find the money they're not doing it. It is a choice that they're making it's not about chance. It's not by Clinton. It's a choice good morning, mrs. Singh. So what exactly? Are you committing to this community when it comes to addressing the issues with with mercury poisoning? Can you give us exact, don't look bigger as many specifics as possible sure, so what the communities asked for is 19 million dollars for a treatment center. Now, while that's what they need to deliver the type of treatment center, that's required for a community, that's been impacted by mercury. The Trudeau government is come back with your 10 million, so half of what's needed, essentially and of that they've not delivered any of the funding. Maybe a percent effectively no money's been delivered so for New Democrats. This is a priority. We would immediately move to commit to the 19 million dollars, ensure that the treatment center is built. It's fully funded and ensure that we're sinking steps not to just clean the water and treat your poisoning. That's impacting people now, but also a commitment to ensure we've put enough money to ensure that there's no more water, advisories and drinking water issues in any indigenous community across Canada national news, so 19 million for the construction of the mercury home. But there was also requests and belief from the community here for eighty eight point: seven million with a trust fund that would be secured for compensation if all of the health related side effects. So what would an NDP government do in terms of funding for compensation here, Christine, arrows and also chief turtle- maybe explain what the other hurdles have been to get this project forward and to move forward with compensation. Is that still a request from the host nation here to have that money set aside that eighty eight million dollars set aside for future health concerns? So when I can speak to this is the general value? And then she journal will speak directly to your question. If you just take a step back, we've got a community. That's facing justice. For over fifty years, there's been mercury poisoning, that's directly impacting the people for fifty years. There's got to be a point in time. If we really are committed to reconciliation, where we say enough is enough, we need to take real action right away. So for me, my commitment is this: we need to do everything possible to provide treatment for people who are faced with mercury poisoning. We need to make sure that that treatment center is funded long-term. We also need to make sure that we clean the water whatever it takes to do these three things I'm committing to do. These are so important that we cannot negotiate or be willing to compromise. If we want to solve the problem, there has to be a commitment to do that. That is my commitment. I believe that there is no excuse in 2019, but the well that we have as a nation, the technology we have as a country that we cannot clean this water, ensure that all communities have clean drinking water. I do not accept any excuses, I'm committing to do whatever it takes to get it done. Yeah so I mean I gotta be really clear on this. If we I mean looking at a community, that's faced with mercury poisoning, I've met with the kids I've met with elders and seniors that have suffered from the poisoning to me. We'd have to be willing to have the courage to do whatever it takes, and so yes, I'm committing to the funds. There's reason why mr. Trudeau could find 4.5 billion dollars divided by a pipeline 14 billion dollars to give away to the wealthiest corporations. We couldn't find the money to make sure this community has the treatment center. It's fully funded and clean drinking water do not accept that it could not be done. I accept what the PPO is said. That is simply a lack of courage. A lack of priority, not putting the money up to do with the problem. I am prepared to do that. Can you be a bit more specific about what your strategy would be in government to combat the oil, water and five cereza, and also it sounds a bit like? Is this blank cheque for indigenous needs that are I mean we can say that they have not been met, certainly for decades, but is that what your promises here today, you're saying, whatever it takes, no matter what it costs is that a blank cheque for indigenous communities if you're elected, that is a firm commitment for justice? This is a firm commitment to reach to remedy and injustice. Why is it that indigenous communities, it's okay, to have drinking water? That's that's not clean. Why is it okay for that to exist, and why would that be it to be? Why would anyone question whether or not every indigenous community should have clean drinking water? If this was an issue in Toronto in Vancouver in any city around the world in around Canada, there would be no debate. We would get it done. You wouldn't say: oh, how much is it gonna cost? It's clean drinking water? Obviously everyone should have it and obviously our country should make it a priority. So, yes, I'm saying: let's do whatever it takes to clean that drinking water. We already know roughly the figure the PPU has indicated, that there is a 1.8 billion dollar shortfall. So that's roughly the amount, that's being that's being put forward as what we need to find. So absolutely we should be able to find 1.8 billion. The government was able to find 14 billion to give away to the wealthiest corporations they forgave six billion dollars in corporate debt. Yes, I am committing and I think it should be obvious that we can commit to cleaning and drinking water for all indigenous people where's their strategies. What are their attitudes? This problem strategy is. If it is this, it is a problem. We've got the technology and we've got the money. What we've lacked in what we have in life, but mr. trio is locked when mr. Harper is locked is making it a making it a priority. They can make it a party you can get done. It has not been made a priority. The PPU has been has made it very clear that it's not been a priority. They haven't put up enough funding to get it done. We will get it done because we believe it's a priority and we will put the money in place to make sure it happens to a formal national for the Kevins point. Are you just writing a blank check for all problems for all indigenous communities across the country once you get into office? So if Toronto had a drinking for water problem, if Montreal had a drinking water problem, would you be asking the same question? It's a lot of money is what I'm saying and people will look at it and go how much money are we going to spend on all this? That's a genuine question. Would you be asking this question that if Vancouver did not have clean drinking water, would you be asking this question of Edmonton did not have clean drinking water? No, you wouldn't that's what I'm saying. Why is it that we asked the question about whether or not conditions people shower clean drinking water? We got to take a minute and think. Why is that even a question? Yes, they deserve a clean drinking water. Yes, if you make it happen, it's a matter of priority and I'm gonna. Do it chief turtle, a question? What has it been about? The Trudeau government has frustrated you so much that you've decided that you now want to run for the MVP and and tell me a little bit about their their dealings with you over this. This deal to try and get the treatment plant in the health center. Well, first of all, like I, think that it's what's been very frustrating is all the stalling stalling tactics that they've been using him Oh quite often, though they'll just be quoting on regulations and procedures and things that are normally done well. This is not a normal situation like it's been 50 years since, since we've had mercury poisoning here, grassy narrows and also the other things is that I traveled the communities already open to different communities and there's still communities that are that that have poor running water. There's this one community that I've been to where they they can't start their school year, because their water treatment plant is not running, and it's not fair to that community that they can't start their school year just because their water treatment plant is not running. Well. That's wrong, and that's me and and I'm not happy with that that should be fix. I know that they're going around making these announcements here and there, but there's still lots of First Nations that need to be dealt with, and also just not just not just first nation but small towns too, that they need drinking order to that's something that I want to correct, like I I'm, not running only on indigenous issues, I'm also running for the Mystic municipalities and and and their issues and the surrounding area. Here in Kenora matter, Marly Thunder, Bay, television news, you said you know you open it up for brain clearing out, boil water advisories and in many communities you can. Many of those communities are far northern communities. They lack road access. Obviously, roads falls under the purview of the province. How do you plan to work with the provinces to be able to get that technology to those locations with the lack of roads that are up there? We know that there's so many technologies available right now, there's so many ways to solve problems available right now. Really to me, this is just a question of whether or not there's a priority to get it done. We can do incredible things if it's a priority, you can get done and the Probation Budget Office is giving a rough figure of what the gap is in, how much funding is needed and how much funding has been delivered, that with there's a 1.8 billion dollar gap and the commitments that mr. Trudeau has made that Liberal government's made to solving the problem which includes from northern and remote communities. So what I wanted to put forward is a choice. These are just choices that governments make. Mr. Trudeau made the choice to spend a lot of money. He spent 6 billion dollars to forgive corporate loans, 14 billion dollars in the Falken. Ah McStay meant to give away beastly to the richest corporations, so they could buy corporate jets and limousines. He gave away 4.5 billion dollars of our public money to buy a pipeline. There's billions of dollars that are being spent I think it's very reasonable to say that if indigenous people can object, have a clean drinking water and the shortfall is 1.8 billion dollars that, yes, we absolutely can find the money to do that to make sure that that indigenous people have clean drinking water, no matter where they live across this country, it can be done. It's a matter of priority and I'm making a party. It was less about finding. The money, though, is working with the provinces, because obviously we have any conservative, Progressive Conservative government Ontario. How do you plan to work with that government to be able to get those roads built to get those technology who say we have to these communities? We absolutely will have to work with provincial governments, but for many of the solutions, it's it's a matter of providing the resources to the community, the training, the equipment being delivered to those communities. It can be done, there's ways that equipment is delivered to those communities already, there's there's infrastructure in those communities right now it can be done. It's got to be made a priority and I'm gonna make it about. Why won't you commit to a target of when you're gonna lift the water advisors, the Liberals habits, 20 21? Yes, I'm! Sorry, we have a target as well I'm saying that. Well, what I'm coming to immediately is yes see. Our target is actually getting it done. We have the same target, but where our targets actually get it done, and our commitment is this: we're gonna put the funding in place right away. The funding has not been put in place right away and not to me is a concrete way. The target is is important, but we know what's been laughs, the funding, so they can talk about the targets all day long and that's been the problem that mr. Trudeau has made targets for reducing emissions made targets for reducing bullet water advisories, but making a target and then not backing up is meaningless, and so what I'm saying is the coffee thing? The federal government dude? Does it put the money on the table and we know the PBO has said it's: a 1.8 billion dollar shortfall. I'm gonna put that money up front right away to me. There's no time to wait, there's no reason to wait if it is a priority and it is for us, we will do that work right away. A lot was said at this news conference about how there are policies and issues in our government that disproportionately advantage some Canadians and disadvantaged indigenous communities fair to say- and this is open to anyone here- you know Canada's racist, so we have a government. That's racist! There's, no question about it. If you look at the treatment of indigenous people, there is a decision being made not to fund. Basically things like water. There is a decision being made to not ensure that edition's communities get the basic funding, that's needed. The PPU has said that their commitments and what their so, what they what's needed to be done and what the Liberals are committing to you there's a 1.8 billion gap at 1.8 billion dollar gap. So clearly there is a. There is a concerted decision that the government's making now when it came to giving what richest corporations money they jumped into action did 14 billion dollars. In last fall economic statement, I can't highlight that enough. That is a clear decision that this governs making to say. Corporations need help. We're gonna jump to help them out, as your shadow says, if we need to buy a pipeline, I'm gonna find the money 4.5 billion dollars right away. When indigenous communities need clean drinking water, oh it's gonna, be tough, I'm, not sure I'm gonna be able to do it. That is what we're seeing. That is not a chance. That's not a coincidence! That is a decision, and it's not a decision that just applies to indigenous communities. We see that same decision-making apply to healthcare where people who need access to medication, they're told to wait, but pharmaceutical companies who want profits. They say we got you're gonna protect your profits. These are decisions that governments are making little bows. Thank you continue to make decisions that benefit those at the top that hurt people that hurt families. That is what they've been doing. Indigenous communities are a powerful example of this priority. That's put on the wealthy and the people at the top, not the families that need it, not the indigenous community that need it, and we can change that. That's what I'm saying to Canadians that we do not have to settle for less. We can actually build a better country and I'm committed to doing that.