Audio tests for cameras: this is an audio test for cameras, pull your thumbs up down the line when people are ready check one two: three: four: five: six: seven. Eight thank very much check one, two: three: four: five: six: seven, eight audio test for cameras, leaver a thumbs up from cameras when they have audio signal check one: two: three: four: five: six: seven, eight nine ten waiting hear back from the control ribs check one, two, three: four: five: six, seven, eight nine ten check one, two, three: four: five: six: seven, eight nine and ten check one two check one: two: three: four: five: six: seven, eight, nine and ten anyone need audio, still just temporary, just one more broad, temporary good morning, everyone good morning, Vancouver. Thank you so much for joining me here this morning, tomorrow, Canadians will finally get to have their say on Justin Trudeau's last four years as Prime Minister of Canada Dimmie, Leigh Kennedy and put all all faith saponin see today, Dania Catherine. Do you think it'll come Kamiya Minister for years during which Canadians have fallen further and further behind, with the cost of living rising and Justin Trudeau only making things worse, I am extremely proud of the campaign. Conservatives have run over the last 39 days. It's been a campaign of hope and a message of brighter days ahead with a new Conservative government that will live within its means and put more money in your pocket, so you can get ahead. Conservatives like David KB here in Vancouver Centre, have spread that message far and wide, with lots of hard work and optimism for the future, because that's what this campaign is all about. Who do you trust to make your life more affordable? Who do you trust to lower your taxes? So you have more money left at the end of the month and who do you trust to treat your hard-earned tax dollars with respect and after 39 days on the campaign trail? The answer to those questions is clear. It is certainly not Justin. Trudeau Trudeau has already forced the carbon tax on Canadians, a carbon tax that does nothing to lower emissions, as the provincial carbon tax here in BC has proven, but it only makes everyday essentials like gasoline groceries and home heating more expensive and a carbon tax that will have to go up. If he's re-elected now in the dying days of this campaign, Trudeau is again leaving the door open to a coalition government with the NDP dealing away your hard-earned tax dollars to the NDP and closed-door negotiations, so he can remain as Prime Minister now with polls opening in just a matter of hours. Let me be blunt: a Trudeau led government with the NDP calling the shots would be the worst possible outcome for Canadians. It would be the coalition that Canadians cannot afford, because we can only imagine what the NDP's price would be to keep Justin Trudeau in power. Whatever it is, we know Trudeau would pay it. You would pay any price to stay in power and he'd use your money to do it. It's the costly coalition. The Canadians cannot afford not now not at a time when everything is already getting more expensive and when so many Canadians are barely making it to the end of the month. Without the money running out now, we already know that a Trudeau NDP coalition would run a forty billion dollar deficit in year. One don't just take my word for it. That's right out of their platforms. It's right there for all Canadians to see, but I've spent the last 39 days, traveling this great country making the case for conservative majority government a government with a plan that will help you get ahead. We're going to scrap the Trudeau carbon tax, which will the the carbon tax, which makes everyday essentials more expensive, like gasoline, groceries and home eating. We're going to take the GST off of home heating costs, we're going to introduce the universal tax cut and bring back tax credits. The Trudeau government cut for parents who put their children in sports, math language or arts programs we're going to make maternity benefits, tax-free we're going to increase the aged credit to help seniors, and we will boost the government matching contributions to our ESPs by 50%. Now to do it, I will put an end to taxpayer handouts to rich corporations and we'll stop sending foreign aid dollars to wealthy countries that don't need it and hostile regimes that don't deserve it and I've got a plan to hit the ground running a 100, a action plan with five steps that I'll deliver on right away: a task force to crack down on corporate welfare, a fiscal update that will lower your taxes before the end of the year. A meeting with the premiers to break down trade barriers and strengthen our country stiff new penalties for politicians who break the law, ethics laws and the carbon tax repeal act that we will pass by January 1st. So no Canadian is stuck paying more during another winter neckla planned action. They saw premier drove a new perimeter. This symmetric law by they met no havoc, sank, just racy included kravecki bafreux voir la sebastiana doctor. Please, when mrs. your economic kiva bacillus, employer met with a large on Dumbo posh, a monofin Delanie in Hong Kong, with a clip mr. provincial territorial force, upon shades to the Commerce Center here al-amin a labor here was a short commercial. They develop energy poor. The politician key or friendly wafts oolitic in chrigel Wekiva, eliminate attacks. A low-carbon distance could all have on a premier janvier for Koken canadian. They do I pay proofs on playing either. Our plan is achievable. It's fully costed and mostly and most importantly, we'll start working on it right away. Now. Compare that to Justin Trudeau. Instead of getting down to work. Instead of making your life more, affordable, Trudeau will have to spend his first 100 days in backroom negotiations with the NDP auctioning off your money, so he can cling to power. So the choice is clear: an NDP government wearing a Justin Trudeau mass that will raise taxes, kill jobs, damage our economy and take more money out of your pockets and a conservative majority government that will live within its means and put more money in your pockets. So you can get ahead. The schwa de Molay Canadian a Clara when Google mon Dieu and paid a key part and masks to do same goodö, give out augment le simple, eliminate days: entre nous en el economy, a plan to the polluters on Dumbo posh in Google among conservative measure. It here, Keva vivre salon, Samui a metropolitan on Dumbo posh por que vous qui CA on a VAR, please Damon, no joining via de Mille on the carriage a key on deja des idees, the vote. A conservator Pascal vote for mayor future will pay Clooney, oh okay, on busy on a Oakland, objective, mister or deport a a Oakland Roger, the impossibly a hey Lisa Meza me stronger community cried Alice, a lady score souvenirs to chef, D block. Yes, while st. Jean sirisha you if Francois Lucia I, confirm a circle. Indeed, the Prix de cement led Asia said : acción de vivre, a Nouveau consider a sedan. A tool is at review. The last serenity in I do see ample on the québécois, she said say: kill Ville or for save raised on bloomer in pay, le, don't Claire, color-block, the metro to say resource or service departed québécois, a on otra referendum. Sure me Jim, addressee, CD actor, Marlon ASEAN Quebec was in vote, puller block a in vote pouring referendum. She secured Buble and Google Markovic respected a competence to Quebec Akiva travailler avec leur premier ministre logo, for up to near the erase of that contra little party key professor sinew lay conservator Sheila Mayer, equipped to Canada a news of only mayor platform for livery del hotel compromise, Rebecca, vais avec le premier, minister logo and actually premier, minister provincial but fair I will say no priority. Commune will create Lucretius, appalled by Metro kudos on Dumbo posh. The Quebec Nia pub is weighing the Prussian chef to pick you out or kissa prepare a frothy Francois logo on the male mentor. Amazing, middle Quebec jubu same with a about a dummy pull a soul party, Here Come sole priority vous avec la famille peduncle, a block provides a la prochaine referendum. Jimmy Trivette pour vous, pour votre fami approval on Danny, please Damon now, I must address the bloc québécois leader's speech, sovereigntist speech from last night. At the eleventh hour of this campaign, he's admitted what we've known all along his first priority after the election is to work with the Parti québécois towards a new referendum. That means that a vote for the block is a vote for a referendum. Another sign of the divisiveness that Justin Trudeau has cultivated in our country turning province against province, region against region. That's not leadership, so join millions of Canadians who are already voting conservative, because they're voting for a brighter future for a closer, more united country, where no ambition is to bold, where no goal is out of reach and no project is too big. We're Canadians from every province and territory and first nation can take part in and contribute to our shared process and where the government gets out of your way. So the only thing standing between you and the life you want is the desire to make it a reality. So, let's turn a page. Let's turn the page on a prime minister that lost his way a long time ago and on a Trudeau NDP coalition. You cannot afford and let's choose a conservative majority government, let's elect MPs like David KB and Kathleen Dixon and Vancouver Quadra and Chris Corsetti in Vancouver east MPs. That will work to lower taxes and put more money back into your pockets. That will work as part of a conservative team to make your life more affordable, to reduce your commute times by supporting projects like the George Massey tunnel replacement to fight climate change by lowering global emissions, while not making you pay more to heat your home and drive to work, we have a real plan to help you get ahead. It's a plan that can work it's a plan that will work, but first we need to elect a strong conservative majority government and that's why I'm asking for your vote on October 21st. Thank you very much. Merci, beaucoup good morning mr. shear Katie Simpson CBC News. You you hinted at this in your speech, but clearly with the polls so close at this stage in the game. It demonstrates that Canada is a nation divided, whether you win or lose Monday night. What are you personally going to do to try to ease those divisions? Well, we're gonna continue to do what we've always done and that is to promote a positive campaign full of positive ideas that will help make life more affordable for Canyon's, help, Canadians reach their goals and live out their dreams, and that is really the choice tomorrow. A choice between an NDP liberal coalition that will run massive deficits, make life less affordable, more expensive, leave less money in your pocket or a Conservative government that will lower taxes, get back to balanced budgets and help make life more affordable. That is the choice tomorrow, I'm asking Canadians for their support: I Glen, McGregor CTV News. Mr. chair four years ago, voters in Canada strongly rejected Stephen Harper's style of governing you've resurrected many of his ideas. In your platform, people have referred to you their critics as Stephen Harper, with dimples wondering in what meaningful way you are going to govern differently. Well, when you look at our platform, we have many new and innovative policies that help lower the cost of living and put more money in the pockets of Canadians I. Have my own style. I have my own approach and the choice tomorrow now is a choice between a government that I would lead focus on making life more affordable, focused on leaving more money in the pockets of Canadians and an NDP liberal coalition that we cannot afford that will run massive deficits, raise taxes to pay for it. That is the choice tomorrow and I believe that Canadians will choose a party that is focused on them, focused on helping them live out their dreams and their aspirations and reach their goal instead of an NDP liberal coalition that will run massive deficits, make life less affordable and raise taxes. Mr. Schurr Michael cooter with global national last night at your rallies supporters, started chanting, lock him up in reference to Justin Trudeau. That phrase is a very negative connotation. How did it make you feel to hear that? Well, last night, there were a couple of individuals who started a chant that was quickly turned into a vote, amout chant, which is the option tomorrow. The option that Canadians have tomorrow's to vote out a failed Liberal government that has raised taxes made life more expensive, made it harder for Canadians to reach their goals. I've run of extremely positive campaign and I am confident that Canadians tomorrow will choose. Our party choose our platform that is focused entirely on making life more affordable by leaving more money in their pockets, so that Canadians can reach their goals and aspirations sushiro. As soon as we can end up and Donna fell essentially, our lives that we played upon up to Josh Samman going to do the veil reveal people advocate lamp, okay, Judy, Wilson rebel, his family, pork will feed public wearing concealer, say Claire coach thanks to Allah the capacity, the unavailable, the confidence, the cabinet, a sincere apology, Jose Pirela, travaille yeah, all Keynesians politic love le meme chose PJD. She could've led Billa convey a place. Tentacle Oh. The fellow bomb shows a olivella Velda confidence, the cabinet, okay, so I have the privilege of a clinic. One can say: life is a bit further people, a fellow maximum generous a certain show year, a nadie, como, tear soul, a contract he exists in exists apart yeah I've called on Justin Trudeau to do the right thing and lift cabinet confidence so that the RCMP can get to the bottom of the SNC level and scandal. That's something that he should have done long ago. He shut down parliamentary increase. Yeah he's refused to let Joe D Wilson speak fully as to this whole scandal, and he should do the right thing and lift that now tomorrow, Canadians have a choice that they can choose to elect a NDP liberal coalition. That will keep these types of things hidden in addition to running massive deficits and raising taxes to pay for it or they can choose a Conservative government that would restore ethics and accountability, lower taxes and make life more affordable for Canyon's a good morning, Christie kerkoff with The Globe and Mail. You just referenced the S&C labelling controversy, as well as Jody Wilson Reybold. Today, you are going to be campaigning against her in her, so why are you doing that when you have spent months talking about what she's done on a personal level and professional level during this controversy, let me say that I have an enormous amount of respect for Jodi, Wilson, Raible I think she showed real courage and clearly she was the only one her and mr. Philpott were the only ones willing within the Liberal caucus to stand up to Justin Trudeau's corruption. That being said, of course, I'm supporting conservative candidates all across the country, because only a Conservative government a can lower taxes, returns about balanced budgets and leave more money in the pockets of kadian. Why campaign against hers we're my campaign in support of all our candidates, all across the country? We we want Canadians to send conservative MPs Ottawa, so we can start the work to undo the damage that Justin Trudeau has caused to return to balance budgets, lower taxes and help Katie. Avoid me, the mainsail of race on - me Oh. Should we on sec, sound dude, miss Yvonne Shepherd correctly pick you pour in referendum this clairement. Now hello, mama says: Paula kerger came across a boat full of blocks in vote. 12 F random is a mayor in Port, Phillip, RT, conservator server Edwin, both poor and guru, maha vir, canto de la vie, pure bored habla, live really hate, so tap whirl, a song sure his own unique. Ok back a in the mayor, people a kept a quack, every class, I've ever done, I may say Claire or should we sound dude Monsieur Blanchette Vetrov a a vector PQ country missile ago, a poor Nouveau referendum. Monsieur bruschetta Jessica yeah emigrate on day declare male Hemi the Mesilla go Mia on. Have you met no some priority still same graph: random Rebecca. First Canadian commander, we have nomicon some batter mini our staff of Rima I, believe attacks, yeah burn it under Nikki to Lisa Pattison of the signature on the wall, a visitor preventing a play to me, Milly massager, clear, say: 'la party, constructor, Kiva, read really simple: Cecil Marley party comes with a key and plump 100 IV pure bowdabra. The priority to block see the 12 April Nouveau referendum natural priority to the basal example. They live really a hotel, puller Quebec community Omni, a Quebec come in so Kippur temple unique, complete autonomy, so they met here at the cultural immigration, so stylish, warden me Cecilia Schroeder me le Canadian statement now say in schwa entre in coalition, until the NPD Libya al Cuba augment le deficit, augment le simple, a LeBlanc Albuquerque václav I prefer London in Google among consul turkey back it really simple route. Only a boo, Jeff, equilibrant, Olivia Bible olive oil diffuser today lecture mr. siddheshwar me so we'll see what the results of tomorrow's elections are. But right now we see the crystal clear choice is between a liberal NDP coalition that will run massive deficits and will have to raise taxes to pay for it. They will have to raise taxes enormous ly. We know that just to pay for some of their provinces, they would have to raise the GST two points. At least they'd have to raise personal income taxes. It's up to Justin Trudeau, to explain which taxes he would raise to pay for this coalition. That's one choice: the other choice is a Conservative government that will return to balanced budgets, lower taxes all along the way and help make life more affordable. We also see now that the priority for the block, as we've been saying, Monsieur Blanchette, has finally admitted it. His priority is sort towards another referendum if Quebecers want lower taxes and a government that addresses the needs of Quebec, the only choice is to vote conservative tomorrow. Good morning mr. chair Stephanie levites from The Canadian Press, almost every single day on this campaign. You've willingly come before the media to take question after question, and we just like to know: should you be elected prime minister Monday can Canadians count on you continuing to follow that practice and all your cabinet ministers to speak freely to the press as well. Well, as you rightly point out, we have had a very open and transparent campaign being held accountable to Canadians through the media. That will, of course, be the spirit of openness and transparency that I will continue on with as government. We are cyclic openness accompanying a news MOU in the transparency, a Leo Canadian Parliament, a hundred occasionally survivalists plead in utter a google mo up their domain good morning. Mr. schirra yesterday, an image that cbc news, no matter what happens tomorrow, I'm wondering if you can tell us what you hope. Your legacy is from this campaign with Canadians and if you can reflect also what you think your best moment has been and what you regret the most well, that's obviously a more focus about what our government will be able to achieve more so than the campaign itself. The whole the campaign is about making the case to Canadians, about how our party will lower taxes, return to balanced budgets and help them get ahead. That is something that we will work that will be the driving force of our government and we've run a great campaign. It's been a positive campaign showing Canadians what our government will do to help make their lives better. The campaign has been full of amazing moments that that have been a lot of fun for the entire team, I'm sure for many of you who have been long for the ride as well, but as we enter into this this final day of the campaign, the choice is crystal clear: there's still time for Canadians to analyze the platform, to look at the options and the option tomorrow is between a liberal and NDP coalition that will run massive deficits. Raise taxes, make life more expensive or a Conservative government that will leave more money in your pockets, get back to balanced budgets and make life more affordable. There were warnings from official sources, intelligence agencies about foreign influence, especially from China, and there has been evidence of people associated with the government of China with business relationships or at least sympathies towards the governor China involved in the campaigns of Justice Alito, the liberal in Richmond and Mary Inge in the Toronto area. First of all, I wonder if the Conservatives have done any due diligence to make sure if your campaigns aren't infiltrated were influenced unduly by people who were loyal to China and also your thoughts on these campaigns and what you might do as Prime Minister to protect Canada from this foreign meddling. Well, it's a very important issue. We all need to be very vigilant that Canadians get to decide who gets to govern this country and that there is not outside influence. We were very disappointed that the Liberal government did not take this seriously during the study of their bill. For for electoral reform, we raised the alarm about how there's still the possibility of foreign funds coming into Canada through advocacy groups that have a presence in multiple countries. That's something that we highlighted that they did not take adequate steps to address. This would be something that we'll continue to monitor. We have appreciated the fact that our intelligence agencies have shared information during this campaign, but we've always taken great steps. Everything within our control that we can take. We have taken to ensure that Canadians get to make the decision tomorrow and Canadians alone and that choice tomorrow is between an NDP liberal coalition coalition. That Canadians cannot afford that will drive up the cost of everything that will raise taxes and run massive deficits or a Conservative government that will get back to balanced budgets, lower taxes and make life more affordable. That is the choice. Last night I'll just very quickly did it make you feel uncomfortable to hear that chant as soon as I heard that chant I heard people that she, the crowd, quickly, turned to vote him out, and that is the choice. Of course you heard, of course, it's. Of course we we believe in civility and proper decorum and treating people with respect, and that is why the choice tomorrow is to vote him out. That is what Canadians have the possibility to do, and that is what I am asking them to do and vote in a Conservative government that would get back to balance budgets, lower taxes all along the way and make life more affordable. Thanks very much recently.