Good afternoon is this on yeah there we go good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you so much for joining us here in Etobicoke Centre today, I just want to acknowledge a few special guests that are with us this afternoon. First and foremost my wife Cynthia Cynthia Gabriel pets. You absolutely cannot do this without a without an excellent support system and she's been guiding me since high school. So it's been been very important. We I'm also a constituent, my friends, and we have with us today the Associate Minister of Transport and my member of provincial Parliament kingís Erma, former deputy mayor and city councilor, longtime city, councilor, crit score and kuchenski. An absolute builder of the Portuguese community been told the south. Ladies and gentlemen, fellow veteran, a fellow veteran former Liberal Member of Parliament John Nunziata who's with us today as well John, say: hello, Robert, Baines, my friends, a president of NATO Association of Canada Robert yeah and, ladies and gentlemen, the next member of parliament of Etobicoke lakeshore arial, brian, my friends. We have a special guest with you in Etobicoke Centre today, and this is someone who started from very humble beginnings. He worked very very hard he's a father of five children. I, don't know where he gets time for all this, but he's a father of five kids and he's a great family man. He is somebody in 2011 who became the youngest speaker, not only in our Parliament, but in the Commonwealth and in 2017 he became the leader of the Conservative Party of Canada. He has been critical in Canada, telling all who will listen all across Canada about the conservative positive mission about getting you ahead and saving you money. Ladies and gentlemen, the next Prime Minister of Canada, the Honorable Andrew Shearer. Thank you very much for that. Warm welcome everybody. Let's have a big round of applause for your next member of parliament mo bits, it's so great to be back here in Etobicoke ted, and I have gone to so many events over the last few years. Ever since I became leader of the party and since he got the nomination right here- and you know, a lot has changed in just a couple of years. When I first became leader, the Conservative Party of Canada, a people would stop me in airports or hotels or going events and they'd say you're the new leader of the Conservative Party. Aren't you they give me a polite, thumbs-up and they'd say we're rooting for you. Now, two years later, people stopped me they dig their fingers into my arms. They say Andrew, you just have to win this election. We can't afford another four years of Justin. Trudeau and affordability is the main theme of this campaign. Who do you trust to make life more affordable, put more money back in your pockets, so you can get ahead now. I, don't know about you, but I. Certainly don't trust, Justin Trudeau about anything these days. First, there's the broken promises we just found out just the other day that Canada is officially ending the 2018-2019 year in a deficit, and you might remember about four years ago today, during the last election campaign, when Justin Trudeau look Canadians in the eye, and he said he was going to be as honest as he possibly could be. He said he would balance the budget, sir. The budget would balance itself in 2019. Now we know massive deficits as far as the eye can see, and we all know what that means. It means big deficits today higher taxes. Tomorrow, taxes will go up under Justin Trudeau. If he's re-elected that you can take to the bank. Now we also found out today that Justin Trudeau is not using the Parliamentary Budget Officer to cost his spending announcements. That shouldn't be a huge surprise to us, though, should it we know that he doesn't. He can't add the numbers up. We know that he is misleading Canadians on the full costing and I suspect that he is keeping those costs hidden, because he knows that you won't like the answers that your taxes will go up to pay for it. We already know his carbon tax is going to go up as carbon tax is going to go up, making the cost of everything from gasoline to home heating to groceries more expensive, and that is why, before this campaign, even started, I announced that the very first order of business for a Conservative government after October 21st will be called an act to repeal the carbon tax. That is job number one. All that leaving a that text to the combo and passing on sick yeah, okuni back sewer loan for your mom. We know that the carbon tax doesn't do anything to improve our environment, doesn't do anything to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, it's just a cash grab and don't let people call it a price on carbon. We all know. As conservatives, we all know that a price is something the market sets it's something that is based on supply and demand. As you and you have the choice as to whether or not you want to pay it, but when the government sets it and the government collects it, that is a tax, no matter what they try to say and conservatives will cancel that tax after this election. We're gonna go one step further. We recognize it in Canada heating, your home in the winter, is not a luxury. It's a necessity and just like we don't charge the GST or HST on things like prescription, drugs or groceries. We are going to take the GST off of home energy and home hydro bills. We're only about 10 days into this campaign, and we've already announced several other exciting measures to make life more affordable to leave more money in your pocket. We are going to bring back the green public transit tax credit to make your morning commute a little bit more affordable. Ladies and gentlemen, I see we have a couple kids here at the front of the room. We are going to bring back the children's fitness and sports tax credit to make children's activities more affordable and because it's never too early to start. We are going to increase the amount that the Government of Canada supports our esps from 20% to 30%, to make post-secondary education easier to attain for families, and we are going to bring in the universal tax cut, lowering the first income tax bracket from 14% to 13.75% saving the average hard-working couple around 850 dollars a year right back in your pockets. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm often at you know, I'm often s and, and rightly so- I'm often asked well. Where is the money gonna come from to balance the budget and lower those taxes? And today I announced that a Conservative government will review all the programs that Justin Trudeau has used to give big businesses and we are going to eliminate 1.5 billion dollars of corporate welfare. So we can put that money right back in your pockets right back in the pockets of hard-working Kania, so I see a campaign office here full of hard-working volunteers. I want to thank you for your support for a party and for a chance. This is how we're gonna win elections. We're gonna. Take this message from door-to-door we're gonna show people with the clear choices on October 21st. We know who's getting ahead under Justin Trudeau and it's not hard working, moms and dads. It's not small business owners. It's not the very people who build these communities and create opportunities. It's the well-connected! It's the corporate elite. It's the people who have the prime minister's office on speed, dial the people who can afford to have well-paid government lobbyists, but we're in it for all of you, we're in it for all the people doing everything right, putting money away, paying their bills on time, saving up for their children's future. That's what motivates me every single day, that's what it's inspiring Jill and me, and the rest of the team to travel across this country spreading this positive conservative message in every part of Canada and it is working we're hearing it at the doors we're hearing in the coffee shops. We're hearing that people are tired of the broken promises, tired of the scandals, tired of the lies that he's told Canadians, and they want a government that will work for them, and that is a choice. This election campaign, ladies and gentlemen, we're Justin Trudeau, will abuse the power of his office to reward his friends and punish his enemies. I will restore ethics and integrity and shine a light on his scandal and corruption, where he will call small business owners, tax, cheats and accuse them of just trying to avoid paying their fair share. We will make it easier to be an entrepreneur easier to be a small business, because we know that's what creates opportunities in our societies. Ladies and gentlemen, where he will impose his carbon tax and make it go up after the next election, we will repeal it and bring forward a real plan to help clean up the environment that will include once and for all banning dumping raw sewage into our rivers, lakes and oceans, where Justin Trudeau will look a war hero in the eye where he will look one of our veterans in the eye and tell him that he was asking for more than he could give. Conservatives will respect the service that our veterans have given to this country and honor our obligations to them and we're Justin Trudeau will raise your taxes. Make life more expensive and make it harder and harder to get ahead. Conservatives will run a government that lives within its means to put more money in your pockets, so you can reach your goals and your aspirations. That is the choice. This elections, ladies and gentlemen, now who's with me on making government work for you who's with me on eliminating the Trudeau deficit and who's with me on having a government that stands up for Canada and Canadians interests in a prime minister that doesn't embarrass us on the world stage. Let's take this message to every door it in Tobago centre. Let's take this message to every writing in Canada and together on October 22nd, we will wake up to a new Conservative government. Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. You.