Moreno I am president of generis Canada. Today we are very pleased to host the Honorable Christopher Island Minister of Foreign Affairs, and today I would like to recognize the strong support that we have received from the capella government. Many and in particular, for Minister Freeland has been a strong advocate of manufacturing and particularly of the sheet industry over the last couple of years in terms of Trade and support election industry. I would like to highlight, of course, a new nasca lifting the steel tariffs of that were imposed through the 232 and also the improvements in the trail remedy system, so Thank You Minister. For that this has been very, very, very important for us. Also. Two weeks ago, we announced, in summary that to analysis is making an investment of 36 million dollars in our facilities, in summary and actually in Calgary, and the federal government has provided an important support of 16 million dollars for investment that will help us to create new jobs, so 90 new jobs will be created because of this investment, but also the internal are going to help us produce new products that are needed, but by our oil and gas industry, and also will help us to improve our productivity and efficiency in all our needs. Also, I would like to recognize and thank for the approval of trance, mountain and LNG Canada is a very important project for awesome for our ending Calgary. We all know and understand importance of the development of the resources, but those resources are also a strong engine for the economy in Canada. A new job that are created all around the country. Daenerys is one of the better examples with our facilities in Ontario and in Alberta, so respect that more of these projects are approved but also become in place and our Commission's, because there is no other industry. Like oil and gas industry that is as competitive but also follows the highest standards in terms of quality, health, safety and environment. So, mr. freelance, thank you very much, as we normally say in Canaries, we like to go the extra mile for the extra kilometres for our customers, so thank you for being here today, going the extra kilometre for our industry and taking the time to tour our facilities. Okay. Well, thank you very much glad well. Thank you very much everyone for giving me great tour in a great conversation today. Thank you very much Jesse for the tour I learned a lot and let me start by acknowledging. We are on the traditional territories of treaty. Seven people of southern Alberta, some of the in playground, places that we see laughs, moo-hoo, streets, land use, 3d, acid, aluminum, Sundays and asleep less important for you, Canada a pour moi, Texan Elmo Arcos do not travel Elena a concern or later Heath serve less sexy on, does not consume on a pave beaucoup of Atlanta streets. It is really a huge pleasure for me to be here today. Alberta is my home province, and the energy sector here is really really important to me, and the steel and aluminum sector across Canada is really important to me. As Guillermo said, we have had cause to work very closely together, both with companies and with labour and I. Do want to recognize and thank the union representatives who were here today. The steel workers who are here we're a very important part of our effort as well. We worked closely with this industry with Canadian the Canadian steel sector, as Guglielmo said also with the energy sector, on NAFTA and during our NAFTA negotiations, and we work closely together in our fight to get the two three two tariffs on Canadian steel and aluminum lifted, I'm, so delighted that we succeeded thanks to our United and collective effort in getting those tariffs lifted, and it was just really a great moment for me to be here today- meet some of the people doing those jobs that getting those tariffs lifted were so personally important for and that the negotiation is personally important for and also to see the fantastic work. People do here, every day, extremely competitive, extremely productive and learning about some of the investments that are going to make this operation even more productive and competitive in the world. Now Steve, oh cool I'm, ready to answer your questions, so we give a lot of careful thought to all of our travel advisories everywhere in the world. I would strongly encourage all Canadians before you travel anywhere to take a look at our travel advisories. They are. They are put together with a great degree of care and attention when it comes to Hong. Kong I want to cite precisely what we have said we have said now when it comes to Hong Kong. We encourage people to exercise a high degree of caution. The travel advisory spells out why that high degree of caution is appropriate. As people know, there are protests happening in Hong Kong and there is some violence around those protests, and so I think it is common sense for Canadians to take great care. I, do also want to say that there are 300,000 Canadians who live in Hong, Kong and I want to assure them and their families that we are very focused on them and on their welfare to talk about what the Canadian government did in the Christian Baxter case to help secure his I can't comment on that. Apart from saying three things. First of all, you know this case has had a happy outcome and I am delighted, and, frankly, relieved and I wish the best to him and to his family and loved ones, who I'm sure are going to have a great weekend, but I would I think this is also a case that should remind us all to exercise a high degree of caution when traveling to dangerous parts of the world. There's been a happy outcome here: let's not allow this to cause us not to be careful I'll or you see, play quantum chemistry of Baxter to hood of neo neo Canada, a certain to Stephanie's OC prep play contant Boothbay, OC himepcy, a truly diplomatic, an idea, kyon fait du travail, a Schaffner usual see if I nail sail. You grew up in the moon do Lebanon. So let me just add that I also would like to thank the Canadian diplomats who have worked quietly and hard on this case as they do on all consular cases and I would also like to thank the government of Lebanon. This is a good outcome and I'm really believed. Well my shoe back sweetie Abdul Gani, yesterday's Ballack and I. Think again you can control on the shown beside their house. So was what was mr. Baxter in concealment too late I said to NASA Prive Papa Don le c'mon. Tell me you rude ass. You ever awaken idea to set in bomb casita, acre Lou, Canada 8, a community say on that forw take effect, don't touch conifer, don't set affair. So this is a consular case. It's a private matter and it's not appropriate to offer details, but let me say that I can assure Canadians that the Government of Canada behaved absolutely correctly in this case, as we do in all consular matters and I just want to reiterate that I am personally relieved by this outcome and I am sure. Mr. factors, Baxter's, family and loved ones are as well gross. It's been a year since the problems with Saudi Arabia happened. What progress has been made in repairing of the damage? Also, do you have a date for women? Okay, a lot of questions there. Let me start by commenting on arms exports to Saudi Arabia following the really horrific murder of Jamal khashoggi in a consulate in a NATO ally of Canada's Canada has decided to review all of our arms export permits to Saudi Arabia. During the period of this review. We are not authorizing. We are not signing new permits. It's a complicated situation and work is ongoing and I do want to reiterate for Canadians that during this period of review were not signing new permits, I did have a chance to meet with onions, calomel, the UN Special Rapporteur working on this case last month when I was in London in terms of the relationship with Saudi Arabia. The comments that Canada made supporting human rights are and and the rights of human rights activists very much, including women and feminist activists. These are comments. This is an approach Canada takes around the world. Canada is a country that is proud to speak up for human rights and we're proud to support human rights activists very much, including women's rights activists feminists around the world. Even while acknowledging, of course that Canada is not perfect and we have a lot of work to do at home. This is a time in the world when human rights, including media freedom, are under a lot of pressure and I, really believe that it behooves Canada as a country that values human rights so much. It does behoove us to speak out for people who do not enjoy all the liberties that we do. That is something that Canada will continue to do around the world, even as we appreciate that. Sometimes it comes with a price I believe the price for not speaking out is even higher, because when we don't speak out, what we see is abusers of human rights are emboldened and the abuse becomes greater, and if you look back in history, I think the moments when countries have not spoken out our moments that subsequent generations have looked back on. With regret. Having said all of that, Saudi Arabia is an important partner for Canada and we continue to work with Saudi Arabia on a number of different issues at a number of different levels. We continue to have contacts with the government of Saudi Arabia I spoke with my counterpart in Osaka at the g20 meetings. My cabinet colleagues have contact with their counterparts and that's, of course, also entirely appropriate. Mr. there's a great deal of concern with that in Alberta. Regarding China. Where are we in terms of China's? Continued I am very aware of that. Concern as a person who has herself swathed quite a few acres of canola and I, spend a lot of time talking with Canadian farmers across the country, including farmers in the prairies, including farmers who are who seeds and harvest a lot of canola. One of the things I'm going to be doing here in Alberta is spending some time talking to farmers and I also stay in close touch with the Canadian commodities firms in the international commodities firms that work in Canada. So I am very aware of the issue. It was an issue. It is an issue which we are raising consistently with our Chinese counterparts, I'd like to also really thank and congratulate my colleague, Jim Carr, the minister of international trade, who has been working hard at seeking additional markets for Canadian canola. That's an important effort as well. I. Think one of the things we learned in the NAFTA negotiations with the United States is no matter how close a friend or a partner. We have it's, never good for any country or any industry to depend on a single client. I. Think Ghoulie Adamo here on behalf of tenaris, would say to us: he likes to have a number of clients and I think our country needs to have diversified trading partners. So that's something we're working on -. As for Canadian canola it. Let me also just say: Canadian canola is fantastic. It is healthy, I cook, with canola oil, for my family every day that I'm home and while it is important, of course, to go through all the scientific and technical processes, I'd like to assure everyone around the world who buys Canadian canola that it is a great and healthy product and I do want to assure Canadian farmers that we are working hard to open up new markets for Canadian canola hand-in-hand with the industry and that we are also continuing to work with China on this issue. It is, of course, of mutual benefit for both China and Canada for Canadian canola, both or the seeds. The meal, the oil for all of that to be sold to China China does have a need for oil seeds. So it's an issue of which we're going to keep working on. I was exactly a week ago able to meet with Minister Wang Yi, my Chinese counterpart in Bangkok, on the margins of the ASEAN meeting, and it was a positive step that we were able to meet and we will we. We agreed that we would continue talking. Thank you before you ask your question: can I just coughed so that I don't interrupt? We are doing a lot and in that meeting with Minister Wang Yi, while of course it was a meeting that addressed a broad range of issues, as is appropriate, given the relationship between China and Canada, which covers a broad range of issues. Of course my priority was and is the detentions of Michael clover again Michaels favor Canada continues to be very concerned about this. It's a positive step that I was able to express Canada's concerns directly to Minister Wang Zi. We are also continuing to work with our allies around the world. These detentions are not purely of concern to Canada. They are of concern to many countries. Most recently on Tuesday in Toronto I met foreign secretary Dominic Rob, the newly appointed British Foreign Secretary Canada was the first country. He traveled to for a bilateral visit and in our meeting as Secretary Rob and I said afterwards. We did discuss this issue and I took the opportunity to thank secretary robb and the United Kingdom for the strong and public supports they have given us in advocating for Michael over again Michaels, favor and I do just want to say. On a personal note. At the beginning of this conversation we spoke about consular chases, I. Think consular cases are painful for all Canadians they're, certainly very personal. For me, these two detentions are very particular because of the arbitrary nature of those detentions and I do want to say how much respect and admiration I have for Michaels favor and for Michael Cove rig. They are two brave Canadians who are facing a difficult situation through no fault of their own, and they are behaving with they're conducting themselves, with incredible grace and tenacity, they're showing real Canadian grit, as are their families, for whom this is also an ordeal and I would just like to say how much I admire them and I think that that is the feeling that the overwhelming majority of Canadians share.