Health care and how to improve it is on the agenda of all the political parties. Three of them are promising to introduce universal pharmacare. The Liberals would spend six billion dollars over four years to take steps towards a universal pharmacare program, but the money would also be used to improve access to family doctors and expand home care and mental health services. The NDP promised a pharmacare for all plan covering all drugs approved by Health Canada. They say it would cost ten billion dollars annually and would be in place by the end of 2020. The Green Party would introduce Universal Pharma care by next year and their plan they say, would cost nearly 27 billion. In the first year. The single biggest ticket item the Greens promised the Conservatives would not bring in Universal Pharma care. They focus instead on Canadians who were not covered provincially or are covered by private drug plans at work. In 2017, a Parliamentary Budget Office report estimated it would cost the federal government 19 point three billion dollars to implement a national pharma care program. Putting one in place needs buy-in from the Premier's health care. Delivery is a provincial responsibility, as Mike chole explains. A national Pharma care program can't come soon enough for the growing number of Canadians who can't afford the drugs they need every day, Canadians of all ages go through the routine pills. These are just the needles that goes with the pen needles, whatever they've been prescribed to treat what ails them, but while Canada has universal health care, the lack of a Pharma care plan has forced many, like Sofia chamsy, to make a choice, food and rent or new needles for every dose of insulin to treat her type 1, diabetes, I. Also ration insulin, like I, have not I can't eat certain things. I I tried to rush in my my dose per day so that my insulin lasts longer and my supplies last longer. Like many of her peers, she moved from contract to contract unable to get that full-time job with benefits until recently, so for five years she had to pay out of pocket $400 a month for medical costs, I come from Morocco and I got insulin there for free. So when I moved to Canada I was thinking. I was under the impression that it would be also free, given that it was invented here and it's you know, Canada's gift to the world, but unfortunately it wasn't of any one of us will be born and paid for by Oliver. It certainly wasn't Tommy Douglass's plan when he created Canada's universal health care system. Dental and Pharma care were supposed to be introduced later, except they never were, and now ten percent of Canadians aren't filling their prescriptions and far more resigned to having to pay for their drugs themselves. I, certainly don't take it as this is the way it has to be. I know it can be better, but for me, I've figured out. This is just the way that it is for me, and I am finding ways to make it work. Canada is now the only developed country with universal health care that does not have national Pharma care. The thing is, and we need to stop studying this issue. This issue has been studied way more than it should have been, and it is very clear in terms of which model is the most efficient, and this is universal Pharma care. This is where we need to go. It was Tommy Douglas, his dream. Can any of the parties untangle the message become and make it reality. Microlight Global, News, Toronto,.