Science is clear: Canada is warming at twice the global average three times or more in the north, as leaders as governments as businesses as citizens, we have a responsibility to act. We have a responsibility, a moral responsibility to leave a clean environment and healthy planet to our children. We also have a huge economic opportunity to build a cleaner future with good jobs for everyone over the past four years. That is exactly what our Liberal government has done. Conservative premiers, like Doug Ford, are fighting us in court using taxpayer dollars to fight climate action rather than to use that money to invest in a cleaner future and fight climate change. People in this room know full well what the floor government has done to the renewable energy's renewables industry in this province. Canadians know this is the wrong approach to take millions of people around the world know the stakes, especially our young people, young people are taking in the streets. They are telling us as leaders that we are facing the challenge of our generation and that we must step up and we must keep moving forward. Young people such as Greta, Thames Berg, are driving this debate with their words and their actions, and they were holding us accountable and I want to thank them for that, even if their words may be pointed, their message is too important to ignore. Just yesterday, leaders from around the world from government, the private sector from civil society came together in New York to chart the path ahead, we're an election right now, so we can't go to the international community with any pledges about the future, but it's up to Canadians to decide in the selection whether we keep on moving forward I'm, protecting on the environment, I'm building on our climate plan or whether we go backwards. Our promise is this: a reelected government will commit to reaching Net Zero for Canada's greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. What does that mean? That means not putting any more carbon pollution into the air than we take out. I'll, be frank: it's an ambitious target. That's why we're also pledging to appoint a group of experts to help us chart the path to a net zero future, and it is why we will legislate five-year targets along the way, and let me tell you how incredibly important it is that we legislate the targets that action on climate change can no longer be a partisan issue.