Hi bar for the train, at the crack of dawn she's out fishing for votes. This is conservative, Lisa rates, fourth campaign and she's, taking nothing for granted. I believe that the jury is out that she knows it's a tight race, but his convinced many voters are looking for change. I, think the ballot questions going to be about affordability, but the motivation is going to be to get rid of the Liberal government. Change is constant in the sprawling communities around Toronto, where commuters rush to ride long distances to work and flock home to houses that are cheaper than in the big city, from housing to childcare to transit. Voters are feeling tight on cash and are prone to switching their vote. I bought it for conservatives with Harper and for to them. Many we talked to are grappling with two issues: the environment is the issue for me because that's not very clear from my point of view. They contradict themselves, but the other thing is the economy. Yeah, not liberal. This time, why not? This woman tells me she's, leaning, conservative, but not sure if you get a little bit more money in your pocket at the end of the day. That makes a huge difference, but also you don't want to live in a society which is so conservative. So, let's see how different is and we share from Deptford Milton has evolved from the dirt streets a century ago to a thriving, increasingly diverse community, attracting lots of immigrants and young families. I never hear about Andrew sure nobody talks about industry, people talk about Doug Ford, all the time it's going really well. This is the first campaign for Liberal candidate Adam Vancouver Dhin. He won four Olympic medals in canoe kayak and believes he can triumph in politics. - I'm, proud of the party and I'm proud of I'm, proud of the progress, and what I hear back from neighbors here in Milton is that they feel the same way, but for some voters at the local curling rink, the Liberals are on thin ice. This man voted liberal last time, but now I'm totally disgusted with the leader right now, so you weren't happy with how he handled the SNC affair and letting the two members of his party take the backlash and everything can any ends up. Getting rid of them. I've decided how I won't vote liberal. Why not I don't like I, don't like judo was the way he had, though here two views diverged, I. Think Shearer has not really said. What he's wanting to do. All he seem to do is run Justin Foucault, the concrete fill each other. We heard it everywhere. We went voters volatile and less than enthusiastic leaving liberals and conservatives hoping the vote in this part of Ontario swings in their favor, because it could mean the difference between winning and losing.