Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much, my friends. Thank you. So much. Oh, the love. The love is real. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate the love, merci infiniment about the presence, but the implications. If came on on earth, let me see pop me: vous necesito tu su cabeza, FA Messi, my friends before I go any further. I want to acknowledge the traditional territories that were gathered upon the unseated coast, salish territories of the Squamish, the slave of tooth. The Musqueam I could cry comb the First Nations, my friends. This has been an incredible nights. It's been an incredible campaign, an incredible journey, and it is such an amazing honor to be home here in British. Columbia with I also want to take a moment to congratulate mr. Trudeau and the Liberal Party for their the evenings. Results I want to congratulate them. Give me a partnership and I and I spoke with mr. Trudeau, the Prime Minister earlier tonight and I. Let him know that we'll be working hard on making sure we deliver the priorities that Canadians have that all of you have. We are going to make sure that the energy that we built over this campaign, the excitement that we built and the focus that we put on people on people's struggles, continues and so that we can play a constructive and positive role in the new Parliament that Canadians have chosen. I want you to know. This is always gonna, be our focus when we get back to Ottawa every single day that we're in Parliament New Democrats are going to be working hard to make sure your life is better, so the Canadians life is better. Better I also want to congratulate the other leaders. The party's Mr Shearer is me, and mr. Blanchet I want to congratulate anyone. Anyone who allowed their name to stand for any party, it's a tough thing to do and I want to. Thank you all. I gotta tell you, I'm really proud to have been able to lead a team that is the most diverse, the represented women that represented LGTBQ this team. This team was one of the most caring and the most diverse team that we've been able to run and I'm so honored to be able to lead that team and I want to thank I want to thank the tens of thousands of volunteers that came out to support our campaigns and our teams across this country. There are far too many people for me to name I'm sure you can imagine that, but I'm just gonna name just a couple. First off someone has been beside me by my side throughout this journey throughout this adventure, my wife, my life partner, didn't she stole the show she stole the show once already I would love for her to steal. The show again, I also want to thank my family, my brother, my my mom and dad, and my sister. Everyone who's been such a big support to me throughout my life, my friends and my team in Ottawa, my team here in BC my team across the country. Thank you. So much now now again, there's far too many people for me to name, but if I can just name two people that that can represent the entire team. That I have it's hard to do that, but there's two people I, think you wouldn't mind a favor if I recognized, they don't know I'm doing this, but I want to recognize two people in fact, two incredible women that were integral to this campaign and I'm, proud to say, they're women, it's something! That's really powerful in our in our party, my my campaign, director Jennifer Howard and my national director Melissa Bruno, two of the most powerful positions in our party, we're young, we're not young what kind of young ish young, powerful women, let's just say, they're powerful women, either Melissa or Jennifer gonna get really mad at me over that one. Both I also want to thank the the incredible people of Burnaby South for real acting me, I I'm, humbled, I'm humbled that you put your trust in me. Thank you and I'm. Gonna continue work incredibly hard for you to work with you to work for you. Thank you. I got to tell you: I've met throughout this campaign, some incredible people, some inspirational people and I'm inspired by them. Their stories have stuck with me. I've met these folks across the country, folks that that inspire the work that we do as New Democrats and one of those people as a young man, a young boy, barely 10 years old, who lives with a chronic illness and told me that he wasn't worried about the chronic illness. Wasn't worried about the medication and the injections wasn't worried about the fact that if he didn't stay open on top of his medication or his blood work, he might he might die. He told me he wasn't worried about any of that. He was just worried that his medication was costing a lot to his mom and dad he worried about being a burden to his family. I. Remember that young, the young man I, remember that young man and the fact that someone as young as that felt like he was a burden in a country as rich as ours, and that's a part of the reason why we're fighting we're fighting for that young man I also want to talk about. Grassy narrows a community, a community that represents the injustice historically and ongoing that indigenous people continue to face the people of grassy narrows who are so resilient in the face of neglect and negligence and being ignored being told they don't matter being ridiculed. We brought the national campaign to grassy narrows to let them know that they do matter and that indigenous reconciliation is sometimes as simple as basic respect and dignity for the first people, this land, and that means clean drinking water. That means that means not taking indigenous kids to courts. That means equal funding for child welfare, for education and quality homes nezam in Hong Kong today, Jean de Chile media user. Yet a passe à travers de mama difficile is a scenic faso politician in a tapa convent made Mundi to no hazama tip alikum noon to Navarre Oh John de Quebec, Java dear mercy. Every demo, every demo Aveda mo le rujuta neso paseo nuevo leon me la coneja, see okay, Beck maka Sarah me: rendezvous cerca me: rendezvous le Taha'a news department; a new cannot jealous Anzio demo track a new pathogen Lumumba la vieja kinesin hula sutiya canoes, a vole que ce soir Mesa Napa 80s a over continued a a Sobotka poop, hey Nancy, Nancy Noonan policy, Tom Bella Quebec, a new continued home. I @ replies. Are you continually that Kazan Quebec JD JD canoes, a Leo you near the Pegasus du Quebec? A do has to Canada a ensemble new, proven affair, a new salon affair, Jaka c'mon silikov I knew dev on a continuing, Pascal eco gaycist, say noon. Nassim is a me yet a bientot on a lash pas french. Throughout this campaign. I've heard a lot of stories about Canadians from Canadians who are struggling and just want to build a good life, but are finding it harder and harder to do so and to those Canadians I want to say to you this tonight, New Democrats are going to Ottawa to fight for you and friends. In the days ahead, I'll be meeting my new caucus and we're gonna sit together and talk and discuss about how we can deliver for the people of this country, because the real winner of this election is not a party or a leader. The real winner of any election should always be the people, and that means Canadians. The Canadians in Canadian sense a pretty clear message, a clear message tonight that they want a government that works for them, not for the rich and the powerful, not for the well-connected and if and if exactly exactly and if all empties, you're right, I'm. Sorry well we'll talk about that. Well, talk, I'm, sorry about that, and and if all MPs elected tonight hear that message and act on that message, then the real winners of this election will be. The people like an idea like an idea, a Canadian envoy, a message: class wah, Val Angulimala function, poor poeple, a pleasure, elegant, multinational, pull a Canadian le Canadian, SC, truly deputy elusive suave at and say massage ashes. Anton seconds live, Regan, eundel, accion circle, lesion, so I want to let you know. New Democrats are going to work hard to deliver the following results: we're gonna work hard to make sure young people have a future with that's filled with hope. We want that's right. We want young people to be filled with hope. We want to make sure that Canada is a leader in the global fight against a climate crisis. We want. We want families to have a more affordable life and we want a Canada. That's a nation that takes reconciliation seriously and- and you know this with New Democrats for us, reconciliation is more than just a word. It requires real action, real action, so so here's what New Democrats are going to seek to do when we work with other parties to achieve these are our commitments. These are the things that we want to continue to fight for. If you need medication in our country, we want to make sure you use your health card, not your credit card. That means a national publicly delivered single-payer Pharma care for all. We want to help Canadians be able to get a home that they can afford and what we mean by making life a more affordable is not a tax cut for the richest Canadians, but tackling student debt by waiving all interest on student loans. What that means that means taking on the big telecom companies and putting a cap on cell phone bills real and urgent action to fight the climate crisis, which includes ending fossil fuel subsidies and reinvesting in clean renewable energy and to make sure absolutely we've got an investment housing. We're gonna do that. We're gonna, do that and we're also gonna make sure we're gonna make sure we're gonna do something that no one else is ready to say, but we're proud to say we're gonna, say it again and again, because we're gonna get it done. We're gonna make sure that the super-wealthy start paying their fair share, we're on it. That's exactly what we're gonna do. My friends? That's exactly what we're gonna do these. These are the priorities of people. These are the priorities of people that New Democrats will put at the heart of the conversations that we're going to have in the days and weeks to come, and if and if the other parties work with us, we have an incredible opportunity to make the lies of all Canadians so much better and even even I've. We haven't have an opportunity to even change the way we do. Politics in this country. I want to talk to the many Canadians that rejected the call to vote out of fear and thank them for voting for hope, and if, if any elections show the importance of this issue, this election showed it with electoral reform. We can make sure with electoral reform. We can make sure that every election from now on is one where people don't have to vote against something they can vote for something throughout throughout this. Throughout this campaign, I've met with a lot of young people, young people that came up to me and told me how much this campaign meant to them. How much it made them feel like they belong. Kids came up to me and told me that now seeing this campaign they feel like they could do anything and that's been an inspiration. While people might talk about the divisions in our country. What I've seen is that across this country we share so much in common. We share so many values. We want to take care of one another, that's what it means to be Canadian, so - so to everyone that I've met. Everyone. That's welcomed me and my team, it's your community into your home I, want to give you a big hug and say thank you. So tomorrow morning we're gonna get down to work. I can't wait to speak to some of our incredible new MPs. Our job is clear: New Democrats have been given a critical role. You've given us a job to go to Ottawa and make sure that Ottawa does not continue to serve the interests of those wealthiest corporations. At the very top, but make sure we serve the people, Canadians we're never gonna. Forget your voices, we're never gonna. Forget your voices, we're gonna work for you. We're gonna work hard to get good things. Thank you, I think you got a knew where I was headed on this one I'm gonna, I'm still gonna say it though, but thank you. I've said this from day. One in this campaign, I don't work for the rich and powerful corporations. I, don't work for those at the very top I work for all of you, while, while the other parties in the past have chosen to work for those powerful corporations at the top, the richest Canadians they've chosen, those at the top I will always choose you. Thank you very much. My friends. We're gonna keep on fighting hard. We're gonna keep on going. Let's do this all right. We gotta jump again we're gonna jump, we're gonna, jump. Okay. The next course we're all gonna jump, get ready. You.