Well, he's here: I can't find my Hill friend I made a hill, for instance, to remember: hey, hey to to Q and a mic one, two, three and four one, two and three four I can't cross the Rubicon still look good Jah good morning. Everyone, it's great to be here in Delta today. I want to thank bindi for welcoming us to her home whenever I'm back in BC I always get a feel like I'm getting a glimpse of our future as a country, because there's no doubt DC is ahead of the curve that didn't happen by accident. It happened because people decided to move forward and that's the choice we all get to make as a country on October, 21st, moving forward means fighting and adapting to climate change, because Canadians are already seeing what this new reality means for their lives, floods and wildfires that threaten their homes, heat waves, that claim lives and droughts that wipe out crops. We know climate change is here, is real and is happening today and you need support. Just take your home, for example, people are proud of their homes, and rightly so. You've worked hard for a place to set down roots, raise a family and retire, but as any home owner knows, the work on a house is never really done. Maybe you notice that the poor ceiling around your windows means it's drafty in January, or that your old furnace means the heating bill goes up every year and as much as you'd like to invest in a retrofit, you just don't have the money on hand. Add to that with a changing climate, your costs of adapting are rising, Canadians need a government that will be there for them, and today I can announce that we're moving forward to make those retrofits affordable for Canadians. For people like bindi, we will introduce a new interest-free loan of up to $40,000 for homeowners and landlords who want to make their homes more energy-efficient. Now people will be able to replace those leaky windows or that old furnace not only making their home more comfortable and lowering their monthly bills, but also keeping our environment health. It's a win win win and, if you're looking to buy a net zero emissions home we're creating a new grant to make environmentally responsible living more affordable than ever. Of course, we need people to make. All of these improvements happen, whether that's doing energy audits, retrofits or building new Net Zero homes, there's going to be a big demand in the field, which is why we'll invest a hundred million dollars in skills training to make sure we have the workers to fill these good jobs. It's another example of how a healthy environment and middle-class jobs go hand in hand for homeowners and for workers. This is real progress, but we can't stop there because, in the face of extreme weather, people aren't just worried about their leaky windows or their old furnace. They're, worried about being left alone to deal with the very real effects of climate change in the interior. People are worried about their home being threatened by wildfires again next summer. I guess you know we a Fredericton, the Johnson get the divorce absentee to have a clean town, but hopefully decide the SOB a potential amazing Nakata's got Naturalis on the prison if they count skibirds. If conservative navy, blue drunk person populist, durga deepak qualified an EO famiiy, please the suits yet kizami tsuki our program, national national. That's your house, countless Anand, SEO, vanilla, borrowing, crustacean, that's your hands on poor, poor zookeeper! You check the face, I think at Astra. If you've just been through a wild fire or a flood, you should be focused on rebuilding your life, not on how to pay for the damage or how to pay the bills after time away from work. So we're going to make sure family have the support. They need from a National, Flood Insurance Program to designing an e I benefit for people who lose paychecks after a disaster. Now not all politicians agree that we need a real approach on climate change and real support for families. After all, the Andrew Shearer conservatives have the same do-nothing approach on the environment. The Canadians remember from Stephen Harper, with a so called plan that will do less and cost more that shouldn't come as a surprise. Even when conservative politicians do admit that climate change is real, which lots still try to deny they take the approach of the last conservative Finance Minister Joe. All of them insist that it's a good thing for Canada Canadians know that just isn't true, my friends. We are taking real action to protect our environment and to put more money back in people's pockets under a Liberal government. We will continue to invest in Canadians and in their future a new Liberal government will increase access to before and after school care will ensure that all Canadians can take paid family leave when they have a baby. Will ban military-style, assault rifles and strengthened gun control will make it easier to buy your first home and give more money to seniors for retirement, will create a fairer tax system and cheaper cellphone bills and will make sure that everyone has the care they need to stay. Healthy me, chef, Sammy, Ubud, called la politic, consist a severe lesion aboo-seer via certain dontayveon patent determinants. Richard, don't pass it potato de Lautrec, / Babu circumstance of emeriti d'ivoire of Ratlam poor Lavinia. We've done a lot together these past four years, but the truth is we're just getting started so folks, here in Delta and right across the country, you have an important choice to will we go back to the failed policies of the past, or will we continue to move forward? That's the choice, it's that clear and it's that important I'm for moving forward for everyone, for families, for the middle class and for all Canadians nocebo good morning. So there's a debate on whether it's fair to ask to ask taxpayers to keep paying for homes that flowed repeatedly since you're talking about a national plan. Are you in favor of capping the total aid a homeowner can receive before they're asked to move whether they want to or not we recognize that people are facing increased flooding because of the effects of extreme weather events and increased impacts of climate change. I have personally been to communities around Fredericton and Gatineau elsewhere across the country where people are facing very difficult choices. We recognize, first of all, that many people can't get insurance flood insurance anymore, and we know the government does need to step up and that's why we're gonna help honam on homeowners access, national, low-cost flood insurance, but we also know there are going to be difficult decisions to make about whether to rebuild and where to rebuild. That's, why we're making sure that communities and homebuyers have information around mapping of flood plains right across the country and that we lead a very real conversation about whether to rebuild where to rebuild and how to support families whose homes are under threat because of changing weather patterns. These are things that we are committed to doing together and we will work with communities and with families to ensure that we're giving people the support they need. Faced with the challenges of climate change, conservatives still don't think fighting climate change is a priority. Climate change is already costing Canadians. We need to act and that's exactly what we're doing and that's a choice facing Canadians new Haqqanis honker granted Fanny districts, tremens official Levesque example is Ananda simply freaking continent, Connaughton, Ranveer and alia future person, Frederick tourniquets, new Yahoo p4 facade, is known as young people very slowly. Musa you eat la police ad. We have a complaint -. Your house consists: No, -, yah, -, Nacional de primatech Musa, you see, cessarich is individually community Pradaxa, nemecio, topographic Shiva permit depend upon decision a win-lose alone, Hawaii Wrigley community le famiiy, poor, first choise official canto Hobart, see who can see for the demeanor G butter higher over it lap or edit a small work on a Venetian automatic. So in reality he effect the effect on the prison pretty funny. The conservator nakulan pasa, mrs. Solis. What relish? On welfare? No sizzle eq s, call continued AG of contrition mathematic, more frequently, conservative al no Pepsi. Well here. How much do you expect the I premiums to increase based on us? Oh we're going to do work on program design in the coming months as a reelected Liberal government, but we know that this is something that is needed far too many people, whether it was folks affected by the evacuation of Fort McMurray, whether it's people affected by wildfires here in BC people affected by floods. When there is a declaration of a national disaster, we need to be there to support people who no longer have income coming and at a time of crisis in their lives, we will be there to support Canadians new Haqqanis on cursor soir, a Fort McMurray. We see economy built on eco, okay, become easy, no -, yawning Jean. You sort on trying to see it's available on the soviet premium. There is a statute hell all birds away, that we eat all birds away, they're, hoping you don't over, as you still extend a service on our corpus, a decision I'm not abandoning my marks, come ons. If you see a become a man, Global News I understand that you have to commit to flood mapping first and that you're committing to 150 million dollars to do that today. Before you can move forward, but talking about relocating people, and it is a huge expense. What exactly are you committing to in terms of the idea of moving people in flood zone and a low cost national insurance plan? Well we're beginning with the low cost national insurance plan and better flood mapping, but we recognize that there are many communities and many families that are facing extremely difficult decisions about whether to rebuilt where to rebuild whether to relocate and those are conversations that are being had amongst individuals and families and their municipalities and the provinces, and indeed the federal government- and this is a conversation that we we know is only going to become more difficult and more acute for more people over the coming years, with the very real impacts of climate change. Our commitment today is that we will be there with people supporting them through these difficult moments in their lives as we fight climate change, and that really is the core of the choice that people are facing. A conservative party that refuses to admit the climate change is a problem that needs real action or a liberal party that has recognized that we have done a lot on fighting climate change, but we need to do much more and that's exactly what we will do. You work on the song Cassini. This is Johanna conversación external ones. If he said Papa, John, Italy's, Aeneid near mama, please the concessional to directly impact the shots; mathematic. Oh no gasps, moron, three seeker news, annuit la contact Anna; oh the individual famiiy community municipality, who prevents poor Abbasi conversation, poor, Eddie, Lee, Hongki from fast and I pack. The shows what you might see. It's a fair contrast: client, the conservator keynote population, problematic, total problem in key refused. Amid the level overhype lumpur, hey, Billie, Jean, poor country, the Lisette packs will not remember. Yesterday you told on a phrasing that you have not worn blackface since 2001. We asked you that on Sunday- and you wouldn't answer the question: why leave that idea hanging in the air and did something change since Sunday I've spoken about the incidents that I recalled? I have recognized from the very beginning that this was something that I shouldn't have done. I recognize how wrong it was. I should have known that end and I. Didn't I will continue every day to fight against discrimination and racism and intolerance, and because that's what people expected me and that's what I expected the the verities incidental phonetically D CK rattles energy position suggests la la vie: Greta John, Connor responsibilities, Ramon gas, a to leave you -, usually my career politic and I'll, pass it on future the concern and you take content, scheming, SEO in Italian, hooks yeah, yeah, Big Dance, seeing the moms came again. The second only to the vilification in society proven adept, yeah, okay, yeah, okay in person, JT coconut activities on Pope, Catholic, other work, news, Papa, active Mahmud, consider the new majority fat, so long processes violin, transparent. Mr. Morales IAT, consuming spell at Raimondo middle players against Sevilla camino de lama, a total Katrina community, an interior of the political, deserve, a new work anatomical point a certain port on the the be a severely only on the confit on Monsieur mobilize voted in service. We recognize a process that was independent, transparent in terms of the nomination process to become a candidate, and mr. Morales has been a municipal councillor since 2013 the in Drummond and has well served his community and indeed many communities within his community. We in regards to any specific allegations the candidate that has addressed those, so it's not that soon I think you forget the whole bleep post-invasion Iran keep is constitutive. Even is only know that rock on six own on that rock on sick he's known as so he sleep, apnea come up with do contribute. You won't pay a boxer in some point, a reason: don't have Casey policy own apartment people. Can you notice a wall about the rural? Okay? No over Quebec live shows mathematic the zone, Tina taper inaudible, even the yen, the prison prison on that support sake for LG of poor country. National Climatic is a poor sucker on artisan responsibility. They deal in generally. This isn't official kilvara affair, youngjae's no johns. We seek no sir nova with the accomplishment emetic, the fashion conehead, no vet lot of a party la conversación, parte de su isseo avec designs, video in the community keep nd. This is young extra months. If you see OC tribulations monkey magic for concentrate dog naughty in Devon, dr. society, travel of thumb for ad to circus, no effect, email. Even a thief says that you told her in May that she would be nominated for the Liberal candidate for as a Liberal candidate in Vinny. It's her recollection of her interactions with you. Correct decisions regarding potential candidacies for the Liberal Party are always processed in an independent and transparent process. According to the rules of our party, we have a green light committee to do that. We are I, have continued to engage with all our MPs and encouraged them to go through the independent process and I trust the independent process that has done its work in as a green light committee, you didn't answer my question. I'm gonna, give you the opportunity to try that again. Did she or did she not recollect her interactions with you correctly and I? Have another question for you: was she denied the nomination because she refused to praise the from your feminist credentials on social media following this as he'll a bland affair? The process around a green light committee is conducted independently, according to the rules that we have I had many conversations with madam Nassif and with other candidates who were going through that greenlight process and every time I expressed hope that it would be successful, but I trust. The processes we've established as a party and I know that those processes are properly followed. Not gonna comment on the specific decisions of the green light committee, but those determinations are made on a fair basis according to the rules of the party, but in in this case that was not the issue that ended up, leading to Madame Nassif, being red light Prokofiev Nickerson Oedipa an example like L Madame, Nassif I got Sula faroush, Miller processes de fer, who attend upon a new respect. Only this is your form. Please pal, no comedian, kissed, you Prime Minister good morning, David Deamer from Reuters. How concerned are you that the impeachment procedure now underway in the states is going to either effect or kill off the ratification of the u.s. NCAA? We've always been focused on the ratification of us MCA in a way that tries to go beyond the partisan differences in the United States right now, our focus remains on ensuring that this deal, which is good for Canadians, but also good for Americans and Mexicans moves forward, and that's what our what we're gonna remain focused on a new Haqqanis. Okay. Is it a processor support on the ratification in New Zealand continue a de travailler avec le part is Emma's Ito Geneva as you're a cursor, Takaki, bonpo nootropic illicit way, no poppy either level. In regards to specific concerns, we have right now a NAFTA in place that is securing our access to the most important partner and our most important market secures 9 million jobs. We renegotiated a new NAFTA that will continue to secure those until the new one is brought in the old one remains in place, and Canadians can be assured that we have solid access even at a time of unpredictability and protectionism. From the United States last night, CTV News reported on a case of a BC man who was given a medically assisted death, despite pleas from his family that he was mentally ill, wasn't capable of making that decision and didn't actually have a terminal illness. What do you think that case needs to be investigated further and, moreover, do you need a second look at the guidelines versus two? That I can't comment on a specific case, but I can assure you that I. We understand that the decision to go ahead with medical assistance in dying is a deeply personal one, a deeply difficult one for individuals and their families and as a government, our responsibility has always been to make sure we're getting that balance right between protecting the most vulnerable and respecting people's rights and choices. We will, of course, continue to work to make sure we're getting that balance right. In the coming years. Paco material, specific me Sooni, Nicaraguan, la decisión de Leite, medica, remove a region decision and difficile personnel carry claims. Video is a famiiy in new congressional monic responsibility to roll. The pot easily proved earlier have don't expect only schwa it. What this video said: exact amounts canoes alone continuously the Pharisaic ascetically Ella bond, getting the balance right. Will the federal government appeal the recent Court decision in Quebec? We continue to look at the situation and the proposals. We've always understood from the very beginning that this is a balance that we need to strike between protecting the most vulnerable and and respecting their rights and their choice, people's rights and choices. Getting that balance right is something that we need to continually work on, as society has evolved as new situations come up and we are of course committed to continually making sure we're getting that balance right. Defendi la situación, para para, la decisión de Quebec, and me new recognition, the PDB case, Attanasio salah, careful to Rho, 2, V, logistical ever and cottagey deeply vulnerable. Ii assume the protection did what it is. What this individual Rapha me: simple soccer, no haqqani soccer servitude, rope and de la nación, porrica city key libre connect available. He conquer. If you were to talk about the reflection, I have Wow, okay, miracle associate de la context. Even we wanna show G CBC I'd, like to return to your comments yesterday, saying that we will exceed our 2030 Paris targets at a time when the United Nations is talking about our oceans. Getting worse, I'd like to know why you're not saying how we'll do that, we know that we need to not only meet our 2030 targets but exceed them. We know we need to get to net zero by 2050. Climate change is real. It's a pressing challenge for Canadians and unfortunately, we have a political party in the Conservatives that do not take it seriously and have no plan. We've announced yesterday and today, two key elements of our plan to move forward and yesterday is about investing in and drawing in innovators in the zero-emission industry, where there are going to be trillions of dollars worth of opportunities and profits, as people develop the kinds of zero emission technologies that the world is going to rely on to get to Net Zero by 2050. Today, we're announcing more money upfront for families for homeowners and for renters and landlords to be able to make the changes in their homes. It's going to save them money and fight climate change. We know that conservatives do not get it and are not acting on it. Our plant, which is bringing us to reaching the 2030 targets and surpassing them and more announcements to come throughout this week, is going to make sure that people know that we have to fight climate change, but we can do it in a right way that is responsible and helps homeowners announcing will not get you above seventy-nine megatons. We know that we are going to reach our 2030 targets. We've gotten three-quarters of the way there in just four years and over the next 11 years. Not only will we meet those targets, we will surpass them and we will be well on our way to Net Zero by 2050. The Conservatives simply don't get it and that's the choice the Canadians are facing right now. Do we take climate change seriously? Do we help families with more money up front to retrofit their homes and renovate, or do we do what the Conservatives are saying and give them less money in a tax credit once they've spent the money, it doesn't make sense because conservatives don't get it new, Volkl Sol point set apart on dodgy of Congressman Paul a deal in example, Eddie Lee family for continuity mistake? Is it exact same as conifers, oh, no plus -, ah Danny Partridge on pokey Reese, evasive, Paulino villa of mezzo novels for sous-vide Lanza epoch on traditional mathematic, a conservative car plan, Tina Fey producer bask in the complete packet point. All / Anand well as year for EDD fami for a deluge on I, can't really talk about Tiki about a friend of near mayhem. Again, if it wasn't, if she wasn't denied the nomination because of not supporting you as a feminist, then what was it? Why would she deny the nomination? The determination around nominations is made by a greenlight committee following the rules of the Liberal Party I can confirm that that was not the reason she was red lit, but I will not go into details on the decision. Why I stand her Germanna Delta optimist? Are you likely talked with Carla about this, but the George Massey tunnel replacement project is a pretty big issue in Delta. Is this on the federal government's radar and are you going to be or have you talked with a province yet regarding some sort of funding arrangement on whatever option is chosen, we made the decision in 2015 that the federal government needed to be a partner investing in priorities for community right across the country. We also made the determination that Ottawa wasn't the best positioned to determine what exactly a community's needs were, and we have been there with billions of dollars on the table to work in partnership with provinces and municipalities on their priorities. That's why we are working with the province alone, their priorities and I'm very much listening to both local representatives, municipal leaders and and the province on where and what they need to invest in for the future of these communities. The federal government will be there as a partner, but we will not determine what the right choice for Delta and for a PC is. We will respect the province and the municipalities in their decisions, Chris le from the National Post and your Global News interview. You said that we're not looking at decriminalizing hard drugs at all. Why would you not at least consider a measure that could ensure that addicts have access to a safer supply of troye but safer consumption, safer supply harm-reduction? These are all science-based approaches that we fully support. We have moved forward on safe consumption, safe supply, harm reduction in ways that is having a real impact on this terrible opioid, académica Demick. We know far too many families, individuals, people from coast to coast to coast, but particularly here in BC, have suffered from the loss of loved ones from devastating losses in their communities and that's why we have a broad and serious approach on this. But the contrast once again and the choice Canadians are facing is clear: the Conservatives have continued to stand against harm reduction and safe supply. They continue to not understand that a science-based, responsible approach to fighting addictions is needed to help these communities and these individuals who've suffered. Why not even consider decriminalization? We are always looking at the science and the evidence on the best way forward and, as I've said, we're not looking at decriminalization as part of our plan. Okay, new new, an autotroph, a CDC suppor, a daily news anchors of new hotness OA, can play the middle period, interfere with no chance poor family community at reveille, p, SE, puso, conditional level having the measure of concrete en kosis wa li li measure. The the super dizzy dansexy on in that way, buddy / Yong GI Joe on Perkins noodle, fire, maneuver, comenzó, cosas, por la fasten. Conv solution has a problem. The de criminal is it to the to the to the Ladakh. Yes, it or not,.