Was a full moon good morning and thank you for joining us today. It is great to be here today with an outstanding member of our liberal team. Allen Howe Allen never stops working for this community and he's the voice you deserve in Ottawa. Now, I've just had a great chat with some families here in Markham about something I hear right across the country. How life just seems to keep getting more and more expensive between a mortgage and groceries day, care and cellphones monthly bills are going up and families deserve a government with a plan to do something about it. My friends, that's what we've delivered over the last four years and that's what we're ready to keep delivering for the middle class, we're starting from a good place after a decade of cuts and austerity under the previous Conservative government in 2015, Canadians voted for change and we've made real progress, whether it's by lowering taxes on the middle class or by introducing the Canada child benefit. The results speak for themselves. Thanks to our plan, the average Canadian family is $2,000 better off than they were under Stephen Harper. That's what you have. That's what happens when you choose to invest in people, but we know our work isn't done. Families are still feeling the crunch. So here's our plan to keep moving forward a reelected Liberal government will lower taxes again for the middle class, saving the average family almost $600 every year that matters to people, so we're going to get it done right away. Today. I can announce that cutting taxes for the middle class will be the first thing we do as a reelected Liberal government. We did it before and we'll do it again now as much as investing in families should be a no-brainer, it isn't at the top of everyone's list. The first thing Andrew Shearer, would do his first action as Prime Minister would be to tear up our plan to fight climate change, taking back the money that we're putting in your pockets, because our price on pollution doesn't just keep our air clean. It makes big polluters pay and gives that money right back to families. That makes a real difference for people, but I guess, Andrew Shearer doesn't think you should keep getting a hand. Think about that. For a second. The first thing we'll do is keep moving forward to make your life more affordable. The first thing Andrew shear will do is to take us backward and it'll make your life more expensive. Frankly, it's not just the environment that can't afford a conservative government. It's the middle class, because Andrew Shearer would reduce taxes for multi millionaires by $50,000 a year. That's more money than most Canadians make in a year. I, don't think the wealthiest should get a tax break. I think you should get a break and whether it's this new tax cut or our commitment to reduce people's cellphone bills by 25% every month. That's what I'm focused on on Sept campanella Corral at local, a politically stable heaven to a severe lesion passive ele multi national league umpire lobbyist lugu said initially she Pascal Cotte, the Canada you see. Luckily, Canadian releases typically premier shows confirm Tom Coburn AMA to the basic, a common for Republican idea in a place Ducati in base Depot a Sookie unknown prospers one roof nominee, he'll, really richly rebel factor of the cellular. The Vincennes person DC dursa on a La Scala, keep evolve repla poor on Larry's above table Aidan Femi as wine leader boo liberals won't reward big polluters in the wealthiest 1%. With a whopping tax cut. Conservatives will they always do exhibit a Doug Ford people here in Ontario are seeing what happens when politicians promise to be for the people and then cut the services. They rely on larger classes, for your kids, less support for your communities, that's the real cost of Bukka beer and now Andrew Shearer wants Canadians to double down on conservative politicians like Doug Ford, twice the tax breaks for big polluters and the wealthy and twice the cuts for you and your family. My friends, that's not the way it has to be because we have a real plan to invest in Canadians and to make life more affordable for the middle class. On October 21st. We have a choice to make. Do we go back to the failed policies of the Harper years and double down on Doug Ford with Hendra Shearer? Or do we keep moving forward? It's up for us to decide and I know where I stand. I'm for moving forward for everyone, next evil Gazza Ladra dude with the winner, hydro, canada, in life work. It was a river in majority, some de prisa music. What is le petit Paradis deviation atlantic. You see Nellie Peggy, Alberta colony, Jellico fancy. We should reduce initially CH the rivers won elections. Many me no, sir companies reckon sinuous the wrong correlation at high variability properly de soie. Important is no affair. Yo veromarcos Avatar Kiva this year eliminate the cell rattler por la Miran mark and Canada easily compromised just evil. Bessie disciple Polly, milks, millionaire the second million dollar New Zealand. Continuing the basil example for la classe moyenne on manda ohm units in a painful place. In with an oncogene, we have a complan, am Bashir a realist, collude, confessional climatic Moscow region, por aqui na said campaign, electoral support, Aachen continued robbery, a Toledo for connectivity, Canadian Popo fire pathology, not reply. Kiva, a daily Canadian English work is on fire. The constantly CC with her Tony on her hair was any Harper. We still have a little over. We can have to go in this election and over the coming days and week, we will be getting out there talking to Canadians from coast to coast to coast about the really important choice they have to make in this election. The very first thing Andrew sure will do is rip up. The only serious climate plan Canada has ever put in place. The next thing he'll do is give a tax break worth $50,000 to multimillionaires. We are going to lower taxes for the middle class and continue to fight climate change in ways that supports ordinary families. That's the choice Canadians are facing. That is what we're gonna keep talking about over the coming days. Okay, Bakula blog can be quite under the limit. Evil possibility Hasan's it's Gujarati, you don't give me quite so much about people ability be leaky, be questioned. Uncle is crooked Canadian people and a unknown la really team, MC yo, prettier party, okay, Becky, so docket for so long, even on Donner, Party, liberal Canada, the block not purple many plan, pal Canadian confessions, multimatic le conservator, Novell, / money, the election conditions mathematic, the Johnson Creek people at NYADA of Zartha, the linear consumption trend about see ransom for said, Planet d'oeuvre on the fellow bonsoir Nicaragua on opposition impaired me as Stephen Harper, the continuing kupatana service EF, a political sessions. Mckee magic enables wonder québécois far as our Google namah Shiva, with account Doug Ford called Jason Kenney courtly Petraglia Baskar owner mayor at near about the result. I highlighted and recognize how much Quebecers amongst many other Canadians are preoccupied with the environment, are worried about climate change and the block cannot lead the fight against Jason, Kenney and Doug Ford on a pan-canadian vision to fight climate change, which is what we've put in place and Andrew shear will not take on his friends, Doug Ford and Jason Kenney to stand up against big oil and fight against climate change. The choice is very clear: the Canadians want to wake up on the 22nd of October with a government that will rip up the only serious plan that has been put in place to fight climate change in the history of the country and let Envy shear cut taxes for multimillionaires by $50,000 a year, or we would continue to move forward on lower taxes for the middle class and people working hard to join it and a real plan for our kids future that fights climate change and build a stronger economy. I'd like to ask you again just what my colleague was talking about there, the path to a majority. It seems less likely right now. When voters go, they might want to know how you would work with someone else potentially and who would you work with best I think I'm not taking any votes for granted across this country, and we are working in writings right across the country, because I've heard clearly from Canadians that they don't want to see. Tax breaks to people who are multimillionaires. Tax breaks that end with shear is proposing there'll, be 50 thousand dollars in tax break for multimillionaires, which is more money than the average Canadian makes in a year. We're going to lower taxes for the middle class. We're gonna fight climate change with a realistic, ambitious and doable plan, and we're gonna continue working hard for Canadians every single day and the choice Canadians are facing in this election is go back to Stephen Harper's approach that does nothing on the environment. Does nothing for economic growth and gives tax breaks to the wealthiest or move forward on a plan that has lifted 900,000 people out of poverty that has seen over a million jobs, most of them full-time, created over the past four years and seeing a real plan to both the fight climate change and make it affordable for Canadians. That's the choice Canadians are facing and that's what we're gonna stay focused on. Okay, would you be willing to work with the bloc québécois which Canadians see as a separatist party, even though they call themselves nationalism, I, think Canadians know that I have always stood for Canadian unity and always will, but quite frankly, even as I crisscross, Quebec and the rest of the country. Canadians are not talking to me about national unity. Canadians are not worried about national unity, nor should they be. They are focused on having a government that has a real plan to fight climate change. That has a real plan to push back against Doug, Ford and and Jason Kenney, and the big oil companies who wrote Andrew, sheers environment plan. We are going to keep making sure that we're lowering taxes for the middle class and people working hard to join it and rejecting Andrew sheers proposal to cut taxes by fifty thousand dollars for the wealthiest Canadians that doesn't make any sense. It didn't work under the Harper years in terms of creating growth and opportunity for families, and that's why we turned that around we invested in Canadians, we invested in their communities and four years later, we're seeing the impact. Now. The choices do we continue to move forward, or do we go back to the failures of the Harper years good morning, uh Prime Minister, Liberal leader, mr. Trudeau cardmaking David, akin Global, News, Prime Minister, yes, still, Prime Minister! Very true! Sorry, just let me get my notes, handy I, guess I'd like to know and when we talked about government cuts, why your government has suddenly decided not to pay the provinces for their costs, to provide health care to Canadian servicemen and women, and do you think it's responsible to men and women in uniform that they could be stuck with health care bills because of that decision this is unfortunately another example of conservative misinformation. What we are looking at is ensuring that there is fairness. The reality is that the guttural government is being charged significantly higher prices for the same services for military members as it offers to other Canadians and we're just looking at making sure that the system is fair for everyone. The reality is what we're looking at will not cut any services to any military members, nor will it negatively impact hospitals or service providers, but we're seeing a lot of conservative misinformation in this election campaign. Canadians need to be attentive to that. Turning to a different matter on Monday night in Nathan, Cullen's riding of ski nabokov Valley, the frazer lake and District Chamber of Commerce held an old candidates debate. The moderator asked all candidates. What are your views on women's rights, an abortion and your candidate, the Liberal candidate, Dave, birdie, replied and I'm, quoting directly here. I am a pro-life and one thing I don't do is I, don't judge anyone who's in that situation. I leave that up to God and the woman you have said and I'm quoting you now, someone who's, not ready to defend women's rights cannot run for the Liberal Party. Should Dave birdie be running for your part, obviously we'll be having conversations with that candidate, but every single candidate, every single future and present Liberal MP needs to defend a woman's right to choose, and that means if they are candidates for us, they have agreed that they will not support any efforts by anyone in the House of Commons to limit women's reproductive rights. The Liberal Party is unequivocally a pro-choice party and we will never support limiting women's rights to choose newsom or party Joshua. The fashion Nanak evoke it to know. Consider a traveller be so Sontag edgy a shammy and create took initiative, give a limit a leash, wa gen fan just to follow on David's question. You take conversations that sounds ominous. Are you considering dumping that not at all? If that candidate is a candidate, it is because they made the engagement in writing to never accept that anyone would limit women's rights. We are a pro-choice party. We will always remain a pro-choice party or in a community with very close ties to China to Canadian. Citizens remain imprisoned in China coming up on a year in December, we've seen the pictures from Hong Kong of brutal treatment of democracy protesters there and yet you've had one of your cabinet ministers attend a gala celebrating the founding of the People's Republic of China. Wearing what point do you start to reconsider our diplomatic relationship and and take actual concrete diplomatic action against China? We have been considering and being very careful in our approach, diplomatically and economically with China. Over the past years, we have mobilized countries from around the world who have stood up strongly and expressed to China their concern over the two Canadians who've been arbitrarily detained, which is always at the very top of our list. Whenever there is an engagement with Chinese diplomats or officials, we recognize that the arbitrary detention of Canadians is is illegitimate and wrong, and we need to make sure we are moving forward to get those Canadians home. At the same time, we recognize that China is a growing economic and political power in the world and we have to work with them to try and ensure both opportunities for Canadians and that they continue to and endeavor to play by the rules, as established in the current global, rules-based order. That is something that continues to require effort and engagement, but we will always do that in a way that stands up first and foremost for Canadian interests and for the Canadians that are in difficulty, more Prime, Minister. Your opponent is that the Robson road crossing this morning and I wanted to ask what plans you would have, if you're re-elected, to stop border crossings outside of with legitimate border posts and also device how the renegotiation of the safe third country agreement is proceeding. Where you're at with first of all, I'm pleased that people will be seeing the infrastructure that we've built at Rock, some Road to ensure that every single person who crosses our border, whether it is regularly or irregularly, gets fully processed by our immigration system. They get full security screenings they get placed into our immigration system and go through every step of our immigration process. There are no shortcuts. There are no are no skipping steps within our immigration system. Everyone arriving in Canada goes through the same immigration system and they've a full, rigorous immigration system that is being applied. We are going to continue to work with partners in the United States and around the world directly talk with communities about the fact that there are no shortcuts into Canada and we will continue to strengthen the application of our immigration system, because one of the reasons Canadians are in favor of immigration still when other countries are turning away. Is that we understand that it is beneficial to our economy, to our communities, to our country, to have diverse people coming here and building a better future for themselves, but it only stays positively supported by Canadians, because they have confidence that our immigration system works and it works and continues to apply in regards to the United States, we continue to engage with them on measures that will strengthen our cooperation, our collaboration and the integrity of our borders and I wanted to ask you also about president Trump's abandonment of the Kurds to a possible invasion. Plane Turkey. Those of course, are not only American allies, they were Canada's allies, I, said known for many years, fought alongside Canadian soldiers for many years, and they also hold probably a few dozen Canadians who were formerly members of the Islamic state in their prisons, which are in the potential invasion zones. So I wanted to ask you. First of all, how do you react? How do you feel about that abandonment of the Kurds? What message would you send to the United States to Turkey and others, and also how do you plan on dealing with the situation of those former Islamic state members who may now be set free? We obviously are working very closely with our allies. Obviously the United States, but also other allies in the region, to ensure that we are creating long-term peace and stability in the Middle East. We rec that this is an area Canada has stepped up over the past years. We were very much involved in training in northern Iraq. You know we were not in Syria, we were in northern Iraq and we continue to lead the NATO training mission out of Baghdad to make sure that we're promoting stability and long-term institutional and and people stability in Iraq we're obviously monitoring very closely the developments in the region between the United, States and Turkey, and we will continue to put stability in the region and security of Canadians at the very front order. It is a crime in Canada to travel abroad for the purpose of promoting or supporting or participating in terrorist acts, and we will continue to ensure that the law is applied. The hypocrisy, dupatta creation of what is infrastructure in a mazurka night, ably Erickson Road pork on press Continue, Dupree, Kinnison, ethically t ly resistance, me ratio, L, kill, exist, o Canada to tree verification. The security to trees at a table do not stand immigration, so pass a dollar integrity. Poor chicken, curry, volcanic edifice on regular irregular news of our system. Key function, news about preferred services municipal as your ecosystem continue to function. E is eduardo, cannot record Anza, not na manja Quebec Avedon. Only reason on the rocks on road he only effective pass at novel reality. Only TD personnel extraordinaire poor compris, as you recall, continued our systems, immigration, anything a kiss, a bigot or not mr. Trudeau. Just to any go back to the military funding for hospitals. Can you explain why some hospitals were charging more for to treat military personnel as well, if you're renegotiating to make it more fair? Will that not impact the bottom line of those hospitals that perhaps have been relying on that extra funding? That is why we've worked with. We are working with a we've established, a working group to exactly look into that, but we have made it very, very clear that no military service members will get any cuts to services and hospitals and care providers will not be negatively impacted by this unequal treatment and I wanted to quickly turn to the debt-to-gdp. You've said repeatedly that the the federal debt to GDP is in pretty good shape, but when you include the provinces and municipalities, we're actually in very bad shape, perhaps as bad as Italy ins by some accounts, given that many people economists expect perhaps the recession, or at least a market downturn coming, what kind of flexibility would your government have under under your plan? If reelected, we have a very different approach than conservatives have had in the past and have right now in this election, we don't believe that cuts to services for people and austerity and tax breaks for the wealthiest, creates growth or helps Canadian families. In any way, Stephen Harper tried that for ten years and had low growth and a lot of families were hurt. We made a different decision in 2015 one to raise taxes on the wealthiest 1% and lower them for the middle class to invest in families with things like the Canada child benefit or the guaranteed income supplement increase to invest in infrastructure like public transit, new housing and transportation infrastructure, and that has led us to having the best balance sheet in the g7. That is being put to work for Canadians. We know that one of the best ways to strengthen families and communities against waters in the global economy is to invest in them, give them the opportunities to build a stronger present and a better future for their kids. That is the opposite decision from when Andrew Shearer is proposing. He wants to lower taxes for multimillionaires by $50,000 and we're gonna, lower taxes for the middle class and give nothing to the wealthiest Canadians. That's the choice Canadians are facing in this upcoming election I want to ask you about what your message is to the undecided progressive voters, particularly here at the GTA, who might be wondering if they should how they should vote and if they're undecided could potentially split the vote and deliver a win for conservatives. I think Canadians saw in the debate on Monday night that talked about the environment throughout the entire debate on every different theme and I've heard it from Canadians right across the country that affordability and the environment are top of mind in this election in over the past four years. Even though we recognize there's a need to do much more, we have a plan to do more. We have done more to fight climate change than any government in the history of this country and we're going to continue to do that. We have lowered taxes for the middle class, saving average Canadians about $2,000 every single year as compared to the final Harper years. We know that investing in Canadians and standing up to Doug, Ford and Jason Kenney on the environment is what we need from our government. That's exactly what we've been doing. We will continue to do. The choice facing Canadians is very, very clear: do we have a strong government that stands up to Doug, Ford and Jason Kenney, or do we double down on conservative cuts, austerity and tax breaks for the wealthy, with no plan for the environment? Mosca -? Wait reckless Polly Canadian, chapelier, giddy finicky, so people you could levy para una, vez, por la me, Ranma inotropic, cerebral oedema trip on our Catherine Connor plan. Pulido una basil is a public lands. Monalisa augmentee player person I do not see a mid-level. The premiere of rattler Syria, politically shaman traumatic, Don Estridge, be only conservator proposed mm shusuke denies any Harper Ocampo little coalition automatic men mm pierre-yves, Oh scrappy resolve replica nada, al Jame, political tensions, mathematic. Oh, please, Yvonne Donnie de bez de PO, evil psycho murderer and a multimillionaire. No truth: cinema Vishwa, CSIS avid animal resurrection, new au choix she'd ever see ANOVA FAFSA a proposal. Bernama far give up work. Tanya Tate called Jason Kenney Doug Ford II, England Petraglia. These are now continuing. The dutiful environment is an oaken scenery the base. It is a poo it daily and across the service for luging news any leaf a me a to search a number one seller, Swahili Canadian. For us he cotton were gr. The continuing apparently Donna Shaw have near Koskinen travail affair. Polly crocheting cata Mexico could not. Thank you all. So much.