Hello I'm Mercedes Stevenson, and this is the West block, politics, perspectives and players. One of the top issues in this election campaign is health care. It's a concern across the country, but out east. It's a crisis from doctor shortages to wellness facilities to ER closures. How is this all playing out as we head to Election Day on October 21st, we travel to Canada's east coast to Nova Scotia to find out why the precaution they took they took out the appendix, and a month later, I got a phone call from my doctor asking me to go in to see her and then she told me that I had what's called neuro and repinned cancer. 33 year old, Chelsea Pritam's cancer diagnosis came in May in July, part of her colon and intestines were removed. The surgeon told her she was 98%. Cancer-Free Chelsea still in recovery is too scared to celebrate. In my mind, as a you know, newly diagnosed brand new to this rodeo sort of person, I'm thinking about that 2% and wondering what I'm gonna do if I have pain or if I don't feel well or you know, where do I go because, unfortunately, my family doctor closed her practice last week, so I don't know what I'm gonna do I, don't know really what's gonna happen, if I you know, have a pain or if I get nauseous or if I you know, get scared and I can't come. You know can't talk myself out of that, then I guess I'll go to the emergency, we're home and talk to a doctor there. But you know that's wasting resources, probably wasting time and Chelsea is not the only patient without a family doctor, adding more stress for emergency rooms. I'm a family doctor and I also work emerg I'll, see folks in the emergency department. Who've been without a family doctor for some time and not uncommon ly, be diagnosing cancer in an emergency department. Dr. Tim Holland is the past president of doctors. Nova Scotia patients without a family doctor, fully understand how hard it is to access health care when they don't have access to a family, physician and so we're seeing you know patients calling up dozens of family doctors offices trying get on the list. The physician shortage is most felt in our family physician shortage. There are thousands of patients across Nova Scotia who are without a family doctor and if you've ever been without a family doctor, you you'd know you're being left out of health care, I think without that family doctor you've got no way to connect with consultant services. You have no one who can follow you along visit to visit to kind of monitor your ongoing health needs to pick up on those diseases before they become a problem, but also someone there. To assure you assure you about issues that might not be a problem. A family doctor is actually absolutely critical to the delivery of health care. The Nova Scotia Health Authority, says the shortage of doctors is again affecting the Memorial Hospital's emergency room and Pugwash, so that er will be closed. This coming Friday, the situation is so bad in Nova Scotia. They have a hospital report just like a weather report. The Nova Scotia Health Authority issues a bulletin, every Monday and updates it through the week on which emergency rooms are open and which are closed. It's become so common to hear hospital emergency room closures on your local radio station. It becomes like it's going to rain as kind of snow. It's going to be sunny. I had one listener call one day, and he said there are so many Hospital closures on your newscast. Why don't you just broadcast the ones who are open? It's a smaller list and that health care list for doctors and better er services is one of the top issues in the election campaign that bleeds into other things like money for hospitals and other kinds of infrastructure, even wellness facilities, it's all balled up in that bigger healthcare concern. The battle here in central Nova is between the liberals and conservatives over health care and the environment. This is conservative, Mackay country or first Aylmer, and then his son Peter MacKay, held the seat for decades. This constituency was held by for 40 years by one family, the McKay family, so Elmer McKay under Joe Clarke under Brian Mulroney, his son Peter McKay, of course, who eventually became leader, the Progressive, Conservative Party and then merged with Stephen Harper's Alliance to form the new Conservative Party of Canada, and then because he was so personally popular and because there was such a strong loyalty to almost to the family in the riding he was able to hold that constituency until he decided not to run again in 2015. So that's a very strong base for the Conservatives to try to build on and revive. They don't have this strong personal following anymore to count on so how much of Peter Mackay's both was a vote for Peter MacKay vote for the Mackay sort of family tradition in the region and how much it was committed. Conservative vote in the way that we see core conservative vote say in Western. Canada. Is the question and I think that this this election will tell the story because we don't have a big wave going on toward one party or another, so we can kind of discount that so now it's much more a question of an election in which the it could go either way in terms of the constituency could go either way. In this context, I think the national issues are important. The the the strength of the local MP, the sitting incumbent is important. How much a Shan fries are able to build on. You know what has been a very good four years for him. He hasn't made a misstep he's very affable, very intelligent young man. It's been a good constituency representative. Is he able to carry that? Will that be enough now to carry him over the line in an election? That's a toss-up in 2015, though it turned red, and now the Conservatives have brought in country music, star, George Canyon, to win it back healthcare at the doors, probably tied it's the top three things I hear about my dad was in health care. He was a chief tech of the aberdeen hospital right up the road, his whole life and dad said to me 20 years ago, we're in trouble it's in a downward spiral. When you're going for treatments in the city Liberal candidate, Shaun Fraser, says there is a rule for the federal government to play in easing the health crisis. The issues are so consistent. It would blow you away. We hear every second or is concerned about the quality of our health care system in Nova Scotia they're concerned about access to family doctors, about the quality of our mental health system, about the wait times they experience. As far as I know, there's no other party, that's actually campaigning on a commitment specifically to help provinces, recruit family physicians and primary care providers and through the work that we've put in as a group of members of parliament from Nova, Scotia I'm sure it had an impact, because this is the top priority for a lot of people who live in the area that I cover and to reflect their interests and their needs I feel like we have to be making these kinds of investments. Otherwise, we hope we have been turning a blind eye to their concerns and they deserve better than that. So I was thrilled when I saw that specific commitment on the family doctor recruitment piece, because I know it reflects what I've been hearing on the doorstep for four straight years. Most people appreciate that health care is a constitutional responsibility of the province and I think they're right to expect not just an increase in the transfer payments but innovative solutions. It will help improve the quality of our prevention system, but for cancer, patient Chelsea, Pritam, there's little hope. Those transfer payments will be coming anytime soon, even after the election, I'm, not hearing really as much as I thought, it would be. In terms of you know what the campaign promises are between different parties. I thought that this would be a huge massive issue that everybody would be talking about, and I don't see that we are on the point where this is more than a crisis. I, don't know I, don't know, what's gonna happen, I, don't know like what the solution is I mean. Obviously, we can't get all the doctors that we need in the province. You know in a month, but I know like I said that I'm, not the only person, that's dealing with something like this and that's scary. It's it I mean it's really, scary. That's all the time we have for today, thanks for joining us for the West block, I'm Mercedes Stevenson.