A general term for a year or massage class, cvilikas raha biosample Emma poorly connotations Martina take for a div kala could levy. Is it exactly mascara five Canadians sent a clear message that they want their parliamentarians to work on things like affordability and the fight against climate change, I'm looking forward to working together with other parties and getting down to work, Basu Cascione communit everyone's on the list already, so you don't have to raise your hand. If you don't have a question I'm. Sorry, we don't have enough time. Minato, mccomus, havoc Canadian Press, how you're going to manage to represent Alberta and Saskatchewan in your life I think it's extremely important that the government works for all Canadians and, as I have endeavored to do over the past years, and I will do even more now deliberately I will be reaching out to leaders across the country we're reaching out specifically to Westerners to hear from them. I spoke with both premiers of Alberta and Saskatchewan yesterday, but I'm, also speaking with people, people like Mayor, Naheed, Nenshi and others to talk about how we can make sure that the concerns, the very real concerns of Albertans are being addressed and reflected by by this government. This is something that I take very seriously as a responsibility to ensure that we are moving forward in ways that benefit all Canadians and I will be listening and working with a broad range of people to ensure that that happens tonight and you have promised and are in the process of building the Trans Mountain expansion. There are some parties that now potentially could help keep your government in power that opposed that pipeline is that pipeline on the table. In order to keep your government honest, we made the decision to move forward on the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion because it was in Canada's interest to do so, because the environment and the economy need to go together. We will be continuing with the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, I, suppose a bit about the scope that the autonomous give us the quantity over continue. The travail fr solution from chromatic lick, Iroquois, Vulcano, physicians, monkey material welfare, the cubic welcome, continued investor, michael $2 protection de langue, française, oval, phallic iroquois will continue the wall. They were for total atop the decision he over successful party, furrows mafia, st for new minute, each believer to Rohatyn purity, Mahadi Deezer, so Liquor, Commission, traumatic, so likkle to leaky, require BND Canadians on Dakara kiswa nationalists to Federalist, Federalist, National, EST, souvent, East Sudan to leaky requests on Dakara key for fair solutions. Mathematic a soldier come sir, just a second don't walk away: Eric Liberty, big one global and please turn your phone off and, in a sense the last four years of your work. Hey did you get that message and I? Think Canadians sent the clear message that they expect their leaders to work together on the big issues that matter to them and two of them being the fight against climate change and affordability, cost of living for people right across the country. As we work to build a better future for them all I'm committed to working on that, fortunately, those are big parts of our platform, but we're also going to work with other parties to ensure that we are making making the right decisions for all Canadians just made up politician I have been very, very clear in telling Canadians from coast to coast to coast that we need to recognize that Albertans and people in Saskatchewan have faced very difficult years over these past few years because of a global commodity prices because of challenges that they're facing that you know for a long time they weren't able to get their resources to markets other than the United States. We are moving forward to solve some of those challenges, but it's going to take all Canadians sticking together, helping out folks who are struggling in places like Alberta and Saskatchewan. This is what Canadians expect of their government, and this is something that we're gonna stay focused on each other, but a good nap will tickle Quebec bokuto non-israelite nearly free Shira come on professor come on dois Faramir, possibly a viola Canada, yes serve a hundred to three ratio on the dismembered. If you share a sign of upon the top. Oh sorry completely sealed checking over typo new IDO Sergio poverty. Poor. Nobody comes in or see what we look at Vanessa Peretti, a salon for mr. cabin, a a fella Samantha co-sign Obama Prime Minister. Will you seek a formal support arrangement with one of the other parties or you'll, find you just try to manage this minority Parliament on a case-by-case basis? I intend to sit down with all party leaders in the coming weeks to talk about their priorities about how we can work together to respond to the preoccupations that Canadians have from one end of this country to the other to the other it'll be they will be. You know various and varied conversations, but I can tell you. It is not in our plans at all to form any sort of formal coalition, formal or informal coalition. You felt you had a clear mandate from Canadians, but you've been reduced to a minority government and your share of the vote was reduced substantially. So what lesson do you take from the fact that a million voters abandoned their party from last election to now? I think Canadians sent a clear message across the election of multiple parties, that affordability and the fight against climate change are really clear priorities that they want this Parliament to work on. They also send a clear message that they expect us as government to work with the other parties on these issues that matter to them, and that's exactly what we're going to do. I see oh yeah over constituted some so Geddes our jerk applicable Quattro says what limitless Yonkers as well as infrastructure early the hamper the transport collective. The large man we're disowned Drusilla can only part of a lineage mercy to Joe Higashi de travailler avec Lou government Quebec pour sae repond, Lebon faso, oppression de cuba, cry of a consummate a fire on a track like a new volume, livre Paulo québécois solar priority here at Ave Ave, a clipper minister logo for fire, exact Thomas. We will be swearing in cabinet on November 20th, and next decisions will be made in the coming days and weeks. How much leeway is there in your position to perhaps solve it? Well, slowly, reduce the scope. Is that any wiggle room at all, given the fact that the three parties are most likely to want to work with on its own files? Right now and for too long we have been selling our natural resources to the United States at a discount and that doesn't serve anyone. It certainly doesn't serve the transition and the investments in clean energy and fighting climate change that take resources and take money to be able to do getting our resources to markets other than the United States, and getting that done as quickly as possible remains a priority for us. We put in place measures that allowed that project to move forward by doing more for the environment more for oceans, protection, better partnership with indigenous peoples, because we need to get our resources to markets other than the United States in a safe and secure way, and that's what the Trans Mountain pipeline will do and then we will be able to invest all profits and revenues into the green energy and fighting climate change. That Canadians expect us to act on the meanest conservative promise to publicity's attack come out ready fire for rebuttal, import, excision, tme Amish. You can discuss a mine possible bond conversation. Avec preserve the problem in his conservator availabe. Don't talk for every key on you in conversation record yeah. Only docu controversial appear until is: are you okay phone fastest 20 p movie to drove in approach collaborative coach profile, travailler, avec, leisure, poorly, very poor, circular, taste, massage equally canadiandave year, learned suave, modern ebook material reflection in from a gallery fleshy the first night on CBS or - on consistent Buju su la mayor, face on the preceding the posture setting port on the rocker night, Cooley Canadian man. The avenue summit on kalamata is ramon gasifier. He evolved our demo process, zio filled key-value, CCC reflection, heather scuffle from the toronto star, so, as you moved to accommodate other parties taps a little bit or how do you plan to keep the deficit and spending under control? Canadians gave me a lot to think about on Monday night as they returned us in government, but with a clear requirement to work with other parties on the priorities the Canadians spoke clearly to during the election campaign, particularly affordability and the fight against climate change and I'm, going to take the time necessary to really reflect on how best to serve Canadians and how to work with those other parties. I think that's what the people who voted for me and the people who didn't vote for me. I expect and I'm gonna make sure that we we get down to work by doing that, you think all Canadians have to work towards keeping the country together. United specifically, what do you expect the Premier's kennyon mode to do and what you expect a conservative provincial leaders to do. I expect premiers Kenny and MO and all premiers to stand up for the interests of their citizens. That's their job and people in Alberta and Saskatchewan have been suffering and struggling because of circumstances beyond their control, and we have over the past few years, endeavored to be supportive. We have endeavored to get those resources to new markets and we're well advancing on that. But there is more. We need to do and I look forward to conversations with all premiers across the country about what the next things we should be doing to better serve Canadians. My general decision before misleading indigenous children. If $40,000 is too much what price would you put on? Children I've been clear, I agree with the tribunal in the need for compensation for people who've been through horrific situations. This is something that we are going to work on and ensure that we are delivering proper compensation. The way we did following the sixties scoop the way we did around TV the way we did around forcely relocations and day schools. Ours is a government that understands taking responsibility for mistakes made in the past, but we've also committed to move forward on the historic child and family services legislation and empower and give the funding to indigenous communities to ensure that kids in care continue to remain within their communities within their identity within their culture and language. That is something that is extremely important and that's. What we're committed to moving forward on I was pleased to have good conversations this morning with both Matano bed and Perry Belgard. We will continue to engage with indigenous leadership across the country, indigenous communities, strong voices to ensure that reconciliation isn't just a word that we use, but we continue the concrete actions we've taken over the past four years and do even more to make sure that the partnership and respect that is so necessary as we move forward with indigenous peoples in this country is at the core of everything we do. You might see me soon as you transfer a Googler, massage a gimmick WA, but this solo I have a TIA. Pasta is sweet, killed massage for the movie they become so nice accepted. So Eska see the latter position, Authority recline Italian point Evanier assistance Isola, whether their Mironova Pamela part and a volunteer motion. Pascal Google normal federal resume thermal apart at what they found a little more two cruisers. What lead? What? If amicus as well did why the francophone of Quebec demeanor integral injures the community LGBT also do odd. They glad about the founded on Anacapa electrical effects. Among us I know: total equity, Lee perspective of Aussie party Australia, midget mmm of excess on meal, jean-denis read Marvel a movie, our kids Acula priority Cinnabon grandma give a little context on climatic. It made known our Parliament, who Eric Verena long as my FM non-ferrous political tensions. Mathematic I worked closely with other parties over the past four years and will do even more so that was the message that Canadians spent sent on on Monday night and I look forward to sitting down with the other party leaders in the coming coming weeks to talk about how we're going to get down to work in collaboration with other parties. Characterized your approaches in my way or the highway approach, I'm wondering if there's actually an example that shows you can take a different approach. These shows you can actually do what your safety needs are in a lot of the things we've done over this first first mandate, whether it was moving forward on the child can of a child benefit that lifted hundreds of thousands of people out of poverty, particularly kids, moving forward on a national housing strategy, moving for on lowering taxes for the middle class and raising on the wealthiest one percent. These are all things upon which there would be a broad consensus in the house or positive consensus from progressive parties in the last Parliament progressive parties voted against those measures. I expect them to be able to vote with us on things like the very first thing we will do, which will be putting forward a bill to lower taxes for the middle class times Prime Minister, you have a few vacancies in the Senate right now on the way. How quickly do you plan to fill them? We have created an independent process of advice to the prime minister on filling those filling those vacancies in a responsible way based on merit and not based on partisanship, and we will ensure that we're moving forward in an appropriate way on filling those vacancies with the right people. You still plan on changing the Parliament and yes, -, quick reconciliation questions. Incarceration rates among indigenous population. The prisons have been called the new residential schools. What bold action can you commit to to properly addressing this file going forward? We're going to continue to work with indigenous leadership on their priorities? We recognize that incarceration rates are unacceptable for indigenous peoples. There is not a single easy answer. The answers involve investments with communities and things like housing in terms of mental health and medical health, medical supports addictions, treatments, but also education, opportunities, infrastructure, economic development. There are many many factors that go into this, but there's also a need to look carefully at our justice system and look at how we can improve our justice systems so that we are not further in criminalizing and penalizing specific portions of the population. Each two Italian Canadians, who are looking for that final and formal apology in the House of Commons, promise that you made before the election. What do you say to them? I killed my promises and we will be moving forward with that to do and what is the arms like it? So much relate to the wall, Monsieur and Nagoya. That legalization simply takes Tempranillo bouncing contest, essentially wonder: Italian Evo visitor looking back s, kevin Franciscan, who serviced at least it's a pasta, governor mofford, earilier, Polly minister to roll at responsibilities. The D found religion, a moto g2 surety track layer, Paula of a clickable Quebec to leak energy, cursor, swalot, wha -, curses wha did WA the francophone me no retire on da da da back from on 8 April fire Dan Cody Cooper, Police, Service -, oh no tario, Yvetta, NOC news, a note or eight lap. Oh poor, poor, DC de Silva no enter any opposed I found it was phenomenal. - Cisco, - leakin as a satin or anima federal Isis. Conversa me over pasanga g asistencia, home upon a decision c /, sangha g, ba z, su listless tration. Any condition me know: Jennifer Mary, palapa, the GT track track la escuela, pannonica, bang and matron. Please Johnny Pappa fell apart premiere priority survive. The bezel is important as man come on, have a pomander failed on a platform. Electra Heart Sutra shoes Vaughn upon, would feel pretty economic level over Cannella birth when the Travis led Minsk Alamo. Here on down the the SEMA doodle a tablet paliku over travel years of liquid lava travel year versus electromagnetic over travel is Errol. Kelly can Isaiah Owens kick lemma contrivance on Prime Minister, Kevin, Gallagher, CTV, News, so 2015 you won a majority with hope and inclusion. This election we saw divisive nasty campaign that was largely based around fear of the other opponents agenda. How do you intend to heal the wounds that we see along regional lines between Western Canadian provinces and the growing nationalist sentiment in commander I? Think many of us regret the tone and the divisiveness and the disinformation that were all to present features of this past election campaign. I think Canadians expect us to work together to listen to each other, to figure out a way to move forward that isn't as divisive and challenging as this election was I think there were a lot of issues that weren't properly addressed. I think there were big substantive ideas that weren't fully debated in in this election campaign and I regret that and I recognize that much of this campaign tended to be around me and I do hold a bit of responsibility for that, but this Parliament and this government will be and needs to be focused on Canadians, and that means we need to work together. We need to listen to each other. We need to figure out the right path forward for every part of the country, and that is something that I am committed to doing the Western premiers, but I'm wondering without MPs in Saskatchewan and Alberta. How will you provide regional representation in your next cabinet? That's one of the things that we're going to be reflecting on in the coming coming days. I think any government needs to make sure that it is hearing from every corner of the country and not all governments in history have had representations from every corner of the country. There have been different approaches taken, I'm, going to be reflective on how we move forward in the right way, but I have already indicated, and my conversations with Naheed Nenshi and my upcoming conversations with people like Don, Iverson and Charlie Clark and Michael for Josh and others that I very much want to hear the concerns that folks are experiencing and the solutions that they have to put forward for a part of the country that has faced some very difficult times over the past years. I continued to get out to Alberta as much as I could go to Saskatchewan over the past years to listen, to engage to work and we're going to continue to make sure that every part of this country sees its priorities, reflected in what this government does. Even if we don't have members of the government elected in those regions, the feelings very friendly tweets to you. And how do you want to strengthen here? You can add on tu transatlantic relations and and will you increase foreign age years ago. We are, of course, going to be continuing to work with friends and partners, not just across the Atlantic but around the world, on the big issues that matter to everyone, whether it be climate change or strengthening democracies, or making sure that everyone has a real and fair chance to succeed around the world. These are things that we obviously have strong alignment with many European friends and partners, but we continue to engage around the world on these issues that do have an impact in the lives of Canadians, but in all of the the futures of our kids and grandkids I'm, going to continue to ensure that Canada is engaging responsibly and appropriately in the world. Why do you think that your party got totally wiped out in Alberta and Saskatchewan in the swish I? Think, there's a lot of a lot of thinking to do on that and a lot of listening to Albertans as I have endeavored to do over the past number of years, but obviously I'm going to have to do a lot more to ensure that not you know, why did this happen is not the central issue we have. The central issue for me is how do we move forward in a way that responds to the concerns that Albertans and and Saskatchewan ian's have clearly expressed? This is something that matters to me and we're gonna work very, very hard to ensure that this government acts in ways that benefits everyone across the country. You might have done differently over the last four years to maintain a higher level of support in Alberta I. Think the decisions that we took over the past years have been focused on the best interests of the entire country, including the initiative that saw us purchasing. The transmission pipeline has a way of ensuring that we would be able to get Alberta and Saskatchewan oil resources to markets other than the United States. We recognize that there is a frustration with the economic challenges being faced by albertans and my focus as a government is going to be on responding to those preoccupations. The way we're going to be working to make life more affordable for all Canadians, but we need to recognize that different different parts of the country go through different challenges and making sure we're really listening to them is something that is going to be key. For me, Prime Minister, the Trump administration has filed a lawsuit against California, challenging its cap and trade regime with Quebec. Would your government support go back in this legal challenge against the Trump administration? I, don't know the details, enough of what that challenge is and what impacts it will have on not Ontario but on Quebec now. But it is certainly something we're going to look at very, very carefully. Quebec has a long demonstrated leadership in the fight against climate change like BC in Canada, and we're going to make sure that we are continuing to fight climate change across this country in ways that we can, and you mentioned you want to make sure reconciliation isn't just a word. That is what many, as you might know, is people have accused. You of thinking is that something you've reflected on of those accusations, and what do you mean when you say you want to make sure I can Slee elation, isn't just a word? Well, I have heard the critiques that we need to be doing more and I agree with them. I am impatient as well about closing the gaps about moving forward on economic opportunities, on better support and indigenous lead systems of support for their communities, but I recognize at the same time that we have taken significant steps, whether it was 87 long-term boil water, advisories lifted and we're on track to eliminating all of them. We have closed the funding gap. We have reached parity on education in K to 12 for indigenous communities. We have moved forward in a meaningful way on a broad range of issues in local successes across the country on reconciliation, but there is much more to do and I was very pleased to speak with with national chief Perry bellegarde this morning, who highlighted again how pleased he was that this past government has done more for indigenous Canadians and indigenous communities and any government in history, but that we need to keep working and do even more and I entirely agree, and that is going to be my focus on indigenous relations, because no relationship is more important to me than the one with Canada's indigenous peoples, two quick ones. On Jason de niro summer, pro-democracy Hong Kong demonstration was a bit of a factor I've spilled over into Vancouver. We got Canadian citizens being threatened on the streets by Prohm and mainland supporters I've, given this and the aggressive nature of the regime itself towards Canada our agriculture and that it's Dave 3:17 for Canadians fabric. Oh great, is your government prepared to take a stronger stance against China? One of the very first things I did this morning was sit down with my chief of staff and my and the clerk that you privy counsel to talk about some of the challenges we're going to be looking at in the coming weeks, and indeed, in the coming years. I also got a full briefing from our national security and intelligence adviser who addressed these issues and others. Obviously, through this election campaign, I have I continued to keep an eye on the situation around the world, including the difficult situation these two Canadians have been arbitrarily detained or facing, and the 300,000 Canadians living in Hong Kong and the concerns that we have around respect for human rights and a de-escalation there I'm going to continue to reflect and engage with experts, as we you know, look to move forward as a government that will continue to stand up for human rights, stand up for Canada's interests, but also ensure that countries around the world continue to defend the rule of law and the values that Canada stands for and we've been pleased to see. So many of our allies standing up for Canadian interests and the interests of those Canadians being detained to do something like cancel Chinese visas, as report I, don't think I look forward to sitting down with and checking in with our experts who have been working hard over these past weeks on this China file, including including Dominic Barton, is a smoking. Some Donnie's infrastructure, hedonic people, transport, collective and Hawaii are some dishes lease our national visitors uniqueness. So in seven, felonies, Hawaii avec, communist Ford's University lottery focus on news, a non-continuous travailler avec Monsieur for the victory voluminous de Provence kismet, a recyclable havoc nuit, just secrecy procedures are sure, are sure to leave community province. Well, Hawaii men Allah may have a clue governor mofford a refuge in question, the the to V develop. It is not for compressive OC cervantean tunic, an idea. We are settlement and a fashion.