Completion date, a mohel Smetana, vech vech, no Canada, exceptional lizard upon vacations matter, I think, obviously, when it comes to an issue that is so important, so delicate so difficult for so many families. The government needs to make sure we're getting the balance right. The balance between protecting the most vulnerable and making sure people's rights and choices are respected. That's why we'd move forward on responsible legislation three years ago, but we recognize that we need to take more steps to move forward as a society. We recognize that court cases would come in that people would be evolving as a society and that's what we've responded to. We will move forward in a responsible way with legislation that responds to that okay, new oconee, so new recognition, kalibata said to show the true belieber, Nica Libre entre la protección, even arab, in a death defense did one on me. Lava project were responsible people, don't wanna to show a canoe lick: okay, lemur, statistically Danny L exception, occasionally: evilly Oh, God, Oh, Phil design, a supporter of Absalom al lugar de la decisión, la koo, a little milder ration cobraman, a poor new respect. Ii led a destroyer, mrs. Avila protection area near AB, / Panzer, the facade responsible, governor mommy, we over a leisurely, critter Poppa like say. Let me Jeremy motive. We've actually committed to more investments in palliative care. The essential element around a society is ensuring that everyone gets to support the treatments that they need to live in dignity and to make the choice of medical assistants and dying one that is made in in a way that isn't because you're not getting the kinds of supports and cares that you actually need. That is something that we're committed to investing in. We've made a commitment on six billion dollars, more invested in healthcare, in particular areas like mental health, like support for seniors like making sure that we're out also ensuring that everyone can get a family doctor. These are investments we're gonna make because we have common priorities with the provinces and we will work with them on ensuring that their outcomes for people I think any government that makes big changes and that delivers on. So many of the promises we have is going to go through experiences where people have disagreements with them, but I think what we've been able to demonstrate is that the approach that had been orthodoxy, particularly around the right for so long that trickle down, is the only way to grow an economy doesn't work. The first thing we did was lower taxes on the middle class and raise them on the wealthiest. One percent ask the wealthiest to pay more. We delivered child benefits that have helped the middle class and people working hard to join it, and that has led to economic growth, that is among the envy of the g7. We have the lowest debt to GDP ratio of any country of any of the g7 countries and it's continued to decline. At the same times, we created over a million jobs, most of them full-time as well as lifted 900,000 people out of poverty. There's lots more to do on the environment. There's lots more to do on on fighting climate change on putting a price on continuing with our price on pollution. There's lots more to do on indigenous and we recognize. There's lots more to do, but that's what we're going to do. I've spent a lot of time talking with Canadians across the country, and people remain positive and focused on the work we're doing together. We are recognizing that Quebecers are defending their rights through the Charter. The way the Charter is meant to be done. Citizens can take a government to court and and challenge a particular law. That conversation is happening right now, but, as I've said, we're going to keep monitoring this process, and if there is a moment where we feel that the federal government should engage in this discussion formally, we will do that on a personal side and as a government, Canadians and Quebecers know full well that I will always defend people's rights, whether it's minorities, whether it's francophone minorities outside of Quebec, whether it's women's rights, whether it's LGBT communities, the position of the federal government is always to be unequivocally there to defend people who need need their rights defendant and that's what we will continue to do. No Connie, so, okay, SHN discussion, kiss pass. Okay Beck the Quebec was on mm. Okay, the contest in racket of anxious da da da li kui ck Kosciusko, no guarantees mo e Haqqani, K, Avanti, alma, but I know federal intervention d'oeuvre participate effectively. Poor Lester least rotten friend I found Laura the face on Reza bill in the hopper Avenue Minu Haqqanis Oh curses irresponsible, federal kilala to Joe Buddha, founded Wofford, if only minier a tipo de phenomena et francophone or Quebec. The defer me La Porta to Jame package is a perspective. Su-Eun wha kurchatov nipple nipple burner, but now we will. We will continue to monitor as it unfolds common effect on to milk canes on duty on campaign, canoe pyramid, the fair campaign not to leak when GP the first event: Mandarin contributor, Canaan, Connecticut, ultra party policy, Parker. Oh six, eight important career genres, our country, a a inter Polly chef, may score a a Alice Eve Adama news, Evo hostilities, Cabana port, not transfer school, a conservator, no Parker, and we show apocryphal you take on traditional climatic in the condo, our plan, a ilver Romney la pollution, kazoo a graduate, the healthy sexist only conservatory hundred what he Neelix destination from climatic consistent manner see is the Sadie Tony la conversación. He attack the zombie on Mentalist, the leader poor. This element comes psychic shows kana deserve you seek actress, Kelly, québécois, truly Kanazawa, retire on a bus ran over an amoeba, a ship occultation automatic Cisco, Savannah Mahadeva Caitlin Cisco of a consummate fire Elsa. As I said in 2015 we also had two planes. We also bought carbon offsets to ensure that we could get out to meet more Canadians than any other campaign right across the country and at the same time ensure that we're protecting the environment. But what we're seeing here from the Conservatives is a classic and desperate attempt to distract from the fact that they have zero approach on climate change. Don't even think it's important. It's a well-established far-right tactic to try and discredit environmentalists and people who actually want to fight the environment by distracting. This is something that simply won't work because Quebecers and all Canadians know we need a government that will fight climate change, and that is exactly what we've done and what we will do. No Haqqanis, okay, yeah, please yeah party, Keystone, Syria, dollar, harsh conditions on climatic. You know Haley TCK, silicon soffit are a key key: well Daphne, ronimal federal king of Liang, Bo conciliation, a climatic laminas seeker and Russia R arriva Pahlavi on to the listening Harper Lee, a Nassif, a Portland man, II, don't really know Safed pol economy, a cubicle only unknown I see this any Harper support on of atonia season illa, since under conservative RC, a vacant governor money barrel, killed' a truly joke. Intonations automatic we've recognized that reconciliation and investments in partnership with indigenous communities is essential for the future of the country and the future of reconciliation. We need to continue to work with indigenous peoples, as we have over the past four years to do concrete things like eliminating boil water advisories, investing in new schools. Investing in new health centers and supports for mental health and addiction treatments, but also economic, empowerment and partnerships that move towards self-government right across the country. We recognize there's much more to do. We also recognize that people are impatient and I'm impatient, I'm impatient, because the Conservatives continued to block a bill that was about implementing unrep we're impatient because they continue and people continue to drag their heels. When a Liberal government is focused on moving forward in partnership with indigenous peoples, and we will continue to do that. Conservatives will continue to block leadership on indigenous issues. We will continue to move forward. I, don't I will refer to the quote to the chief of the Assembly of First Nations, who pointed out that no government in the history of this kind of country has done more for reconciliation for supporting indigenous peoples than our government, but I recognize there's much more to do and that's what we're focused on doing and that's the choice facing indigenous peoples and all Canadians. Do we go back to the failed Harper approach, or do we continue to move forward in a responsible partnership way? Okay, locale for fastly canadensis, cotton ooh, oh sandy, Harper, Lee, Panetta logic on COV, clipper, cotton. You see here, energy CIPA, OS con continue. The ferrets are a conifer depakote la la la salida premier nation perry, Belgard g, dr reza makea, okay, google Amanda Lestrade, Canada Kia Plus fell apart on area Ipoh FS tier IV, clip lamination, a leaper product on mechanical travail, a fairy exactly Moscow Mikasa from the skip a sixties, scoop to the relocations to the tuberculosis in in the among the Inuit. We have always moved forward in a responsible way to compensate to support people, and we will continue to do that as we move forward. We recognize that moving forward on reconciliation is a priority for Canadians, not just indigenous Canadians, and we will continue to do that. We're going to continue to work with indigenous communities. Work with indigenous leadership stu make sure that there is proper compensation. We will continue to work with indigenous communities to make sure that we recognize and right past wrongs, news, Encantada, a vacuum nutrient, poor, poor, ever see sue. Certainly, political moon can't see you disease, ursua, labor kilos, casa, Dollinger, owner to Vida compensation on a divan, say: Papa, Allah protection, hacen una, mid-level, partial walkie, Gordon I, know community under control. Ok, see a legal community, eternally resource Oh community attacked on the field of Safa, Curt least we're in equalizer for Allah measures. Duvall owner are called legal-like, o supreme, a cliche in place of a conference and no no professional news experiment on stem medical, the plan, Leoben decision, parappa, Alice, aunty yoshua dupatta over to job security leon they found lately schwa - elude well defender choisir over Cesario plays como las Ocho de Cadenet zany. Con Amelia lacks a Oh service pack, 2 p on coca-cola separate in Eagle Parma Nani province. Only voluminous conservator me on over consider Hawaii possessory cattlemen. A access will service yield world a project chief, don't tell zombies. Why no lady become attentive our partners at campaign, C Pascal owner chef Kieth, whose report and question sent STL quoi calif am old water choisir. We know a city. Did the the the rahmatullahi come in fair contouring enamel approval, - Angela WA? It's implement irresponsible Lashon. Twat serve wah, porky, Ava's back and tell the leader Morgan back port almond response, Calif and Park, and Russia nasrallah stop Allah for they found Lord. What is it present? Pata, the co-founders on the leadership, needs fair on chef warfare, Moshe differently, Toro need what a family Dwolla me know until it was a focus on lead, WA, the Tollman pass, Casilla whole novel, nama, liberal, Videha, I. Think one of the issues that that we're seeing in this come in this in the selection is who are you fighting for and who will you defend? I've been absolutely unequivocal: that I will always defend a women's rights to choose. I will always defend LGBT communities. I will always defend. Minorities. I will always defend linguistic minorities across this country. This is something the Canadians know of a Liberal government and of me as a leader. What is unclear, because Mr Shearer won't answer a direct question on whether or not he believes that women should have the right to choose. He will not answer that question about his personal beliefs and if we don't know who he's willing to fight for who he's willing to defend, how can Canadians make an informed decision about whether or not he will fight for them and defend their rights. I think it's very clear that on a question so fundamental as women's rights, mr. shear is simply not there to defend them. Merci, Thurmond.