Global radios, the home of Charles Adler, who has his Charles Adler tonight a program and he's joining us as part of our pre election coverage Charles, it's so good that you could be here. Can you give us your sense of who benefits most from a 40-day campaign shorter than the one four years ago? Who has, in your view, the advantage going into this the the advantage when it's a short campaign is the incumbent. So in this case it's Justin Trudeau's liberals that the fact that they wanted to get it almost as close as possible to the five weeks, which is the minimum which would have been this coming. Sunday shows you that there's a little bit of a trepidation in the Trudeau camp Donna in this segment that you just did. What was most fascinating to me was the conservative strategist, because, right out of the gate, he was talking about obstruction of justice. Financially, did your job and corrected him and saying that they weren't doing a and obstruct the RCMP, wasn't doing an obstruction of justice investigation? They were poking around to see if there ought to be one but I think that that's what the Conservative Party will be talking about on both social media and conventional media planting the seed that the Trudeau government is corrupt and I. Think corruption is a word that plays very well in the conservative camp, certainly with the conservative base, and you know the the the wounds that the Liberal Party have suffered in the last year. Last four years have been largely self-inflicted, the SNC saga chief among them that the the the opposition only had to sit back and watch it unfold. Look you know the the opposition is blessed with a woman who's, not a member of the Opposition Geordie Wilson Raybould she's out there. The media constantly wants to interview her she's got a lot of credibility. She had a lot of credibility at that committee. Hearing most Canadians got to see either the entire testimony that she offered or sound bites of it they're still very available, and they get downloaded a lot on on YouTube. So the fact that Judy Wilson rebel did what she did and it would appear from the latest global male story. It would confirm that there is a there there that it wasn't just a spat between Jodi Wilson Raybould and the prime minister in the fact that Jane Philpott also left also adds to all of it, but I think it'll be impossible for the Prime Minister to go through this 40-day campaign without being peppered with questions from the media and, of course, during the the one english debate that he's agreed to in the the two french debates, I think SNC Lavin was behind them. They thought it was, but I think it's it's very much front and center right now. You know I want to ask you two things about that one. You talked to a lot of listeners on your radio show across the country. How many people were paying attention to the detail of that SNC level and story? Because, let's face it, there is a lot of detail and a lot of nuance and you had to get deep into the weeds to kind of fully understand what deferred prosecution agreements are and all of that and secondly, how many people have already made up their minds. You know there are a lot of liberals who say well. People have made up their minds already. We don't really need to convince anybody else, because people have decided. You know it's a it's a fantastic question. The reasons fantastic question is because there is no body today, not yours, truly or anyone else who can give you a really really solid answer. We'll get Darryl Bricker on shortly from ipsus and he'll, give us some sense of it, but the idea that we know what's on people's minds that they've made up their minds. That's why elections are so fascinating. Why that's why? This is the great cup of politics? We won't know whether they made up their minds on this or anything else until October, 21st and the other question is so you're a disaffected liberal who has voted last time and the turnout last time was 68 I, think 68 percent, almost 69 percent, which is very big for a federal election, a lot of that driven by young voters and people who were energized by the liberal campaign and by Justin Trudeau. If you're, now disaffected and not sure you want to park your vote there. Where do you go? This is another fascinating question for the campaign, because the greens this week were a complete mess, whether it was the the hot-button of abortion. Even separatism came up yesterday, so the greens that seem to be all over the map, the NDP don't even have candidates and a third of their their writings, and so you've got nowhere for them to go safely. No, no we're a progressive voters. It is disaffected with the Liberals can go and feel really really safe, that the Greens or the NDP have any kind of shot at power and when you're a voter generally, you want your vote to count. Voting for parties that are not likely to be part of the powerplay aren't terribly interesting unless people do start to believe them we'll find out in the coming weeks, whether or not there's a good chance of the minority government. If there's a good chance of minority government, yeah you'll see if some progressive voters disaffected with liberals go to either the the greens of the NDP. At the moment, I'd say the Greens have the best shot at picking up voters and one reason for that is Elizabeth May I think Elizabeth May is one of the most popular political personalities in the country and despite the the gaffes this week, I would still give her the lead here, especially after the debate. I. Think Elizabeth May is a fabulous debater and I. Think she'll acquit herself extremely well in the English language debate and she is now the veteran going into this federal campaign right she's been at it the longest compared to the other two I think she's a relatively safe place for a progressive to parca vote. If, if they're not happy with Justin Trudeau, but you know a big discussion among all progressive voters will be. Do you want four more years of Harper, because that's how it's perceived that the Conservatives will bring back Harper? Well, those progressive voters who wanted to throw Harper the heck out, that's going to be a very important question for them and they will, if they're, not happy with Trudeau. Many of them will hold their nose and say vote for Trudeau anyway vote for the Liberals because they don't want the Conservatives to come back. You know there are a lot of people who think. Maybe a minority government is not a bad thing for this country right. The average Canadian I don't care whether it's west, east or middle likes the idea of limiting power, and they believe that, whether they're conservatives who are running the show or liberals that they perform better they're more accountable to the public when the gun is literally to their heads every day. In a minority situation,.