English question is the police fired, tear gas and into Kwai Fong MTR station on Sunday and almost caused a stampede in ty ku station by shooting protesters at very close range? Many residents, including young children and elderly people, were tear gas. Can you tell the citizens of Hong Kong how they could continue to live in the city safely, when the police keep flying harmful chemicals into residential areas? The police have had a very difficult time in the last few months to enforce a law and to ensure law and order in Hong Kong, as everyone will will observe, they are under extremely difficult circumstances. So, as I was just explained, police operations could not be determined by someone like myself, who is outside the police, especially when policemen have to make on-the-spot judgment or what will be in the best interest and safety of people around. During that particular situation, the police have their code of practice to follow. The police have very rigid and stringent guidelines in the use of appropriate force, and that requires the lowest level of force in dealing with those situations. Can I continue to answer? Okay, sorry, it is, it was not my choice to concentrate on the police, but all the questions now have been focusing on the police. Despite. Let me briefly give a very solemn and serious response to that question about the chief executives responsibility. The chief executives responsibility is to ensure that Hong Kong remains a safe and orderly and law-abiding City. That is my utmost responsibility, because without the rule of law, without law and order in Hong Kong, it is extremely difficult so ensure that 7 million people in Hong Kong could continue to live in a peaceful manner. So that is my utmost responsibility, and that also requires my support for all the law enforcement agencies in accordance with their policies, their rules, their guidelines. That also means that my responsibility goes beyond this particular list. This particular range of protests- I, have said after the violence has been stopped and the chaotic situation that now we are seeing could subside. I wouldn't say it will be eradicated totally I, as a keylex executive will be responsible to rebuild Hong Kong's economy to engage as widely as possible, so listen as attentively as possible. So my peoples, grievances, and try to help Hong Kong to move on that is my very serious political commitment and responsibility to the people of Hong Kong. At this point in time, reuters you, you say that it's your utmost responsibility to restore order to hong kong. Is it not also your utmost responsibility as Hong Kong's leader, to listen to the public? All of us here in this room? All the reporters we've been out on the streets we've spoken to protesters over the past couple of months. They have made their demands very clear. Now I would like to ask you, in terms of withdrawing the bill using this specific term, which the protesters have called for. Do you, as Hong Kong's leader, have the autonomy to decide to withdraw the bill? Yes or no, or is this something that Beijing has to approve as well? In other words, have your hands been tied by Beijing in not allowing the bill to be withdrawn, or is this a point of political pride on your part in not doing this and refusing to meet this demand of the protesters? Well, actually, this question has been answered on previous occasions. You've evaded the question, as we have all heard, from the spokesmen of the Hong Kong and Macau Affairs Office. The central government is still confident that I myself, as the government of the Hong Kong as they are, together with a police force that we are still capable of resolving this crisis. I want to make various demands that we have heard. We have considered all factors and came up with a response that we have rehearsed time and again over the last two months. Thank you or not. Who will draw the extradition session? You? You have not answered the question. You've evaded the question.