Cube executive, you just tell us why you told to the business factor that you don't have a choice to quit. Did you ever try to resign and got rejected by Beijing? If not, why did you say you don't have a choice, and my second question is concerning the Reuters reports, because there are now some rumors and allegations that it's you or someone from your government that leads all these details to the media on purpose in a bit to try to sway public opinions or or even shift the blame to Beijing. Can you just clarify whether it's something that you're trying to achieve well, first of all, in very clear and strong terms, I have to refute. The second point, I was, and am still is very disappointed that my remarks in a totally private exclusive session, which is a lunch actually which clearly is subject to Chatham, House Rules, have been recorded and then passed to the media. I think this is quite unacceptable. Okay, so so further suggest or less that myself or the government have any Rhodes who play in this thing is absolutely unfounded. So that point has to be made extremely clear on the first point about resonation I said on several occasions previously and also reaffirmed by my colleagues in a chief executives office in response to media inquiries. That's throughout this period that is from the very beginning, till now, I have never I have never attended a recitation to the central People's Government I have not even contemplated to discuss a resonation, but the central People's Government. The choice of not resigning is my own choice. Okay, but if you want to understand, because in a private session, I just attempted to explain that as an individual, given the very difficult circumstances might be, it was an easy choice to leave. But I told myself repeatedly in the last three months that I and my team should stay on to help Hong Kong and to help Hong Kong in a very difficult situation and to serve the people of Hong Kong. That remains my position. I know it is it it's not going to be a easy path, and that's why I said that I have not given myself the choice to take an easier path, and that is to leave I'd rather stay on and walk this path together for my team and with the people of Hong Kong. Why we're trying to let you resign the audio recording whether it's meant to be public or not? It was made. They were your words. They were your remarks. You said: if you had a choice, you would quit so why? Why China? Let you resign, not the simple and strict answer to your question is I have never attended any resonation to the central People's Government, so your answer does not arise. I have never.