Shalom Salaam peace- oh he's so long, shallow, simply marvelous isn't it demonstrates the sense of peace that our community needs always and with so many of diverse voices. It echoes what we all need in this world: peace greetings and good afternoon, and welcome today welcome to this commemorative ceremony to mark the loss of dear lives and the injuries as a result of the tragedy of our Danforth Avenue last year, I wish to acknowledge and say thanks to the singing of peace, Salam and Shalom by the members of the interfaith choir from the Danforth faith community under the direction of Hillary Sir Arthur Donaldson. Would you say thank you and whatever your language, whatever your faith, we say peace to all of you and to each of us as well. My name is Wendell Gibbs I'm, a fellow chaplain many others in our front responders, like police, like paramedics and like fire. It is my great honor to stand today and to represent all of them, and we stand in the middle gap. We bridge the gap between our citizenship as fellow citizens and the gap between our frontline responders. Who is there to serve and protect as well? The land on which we are gathered today is the traditional territory of many nations, including the Mississauga's of the credit, the National Bay, the Chippewa, the hood notion, II and the way that people's and is now home to many diverse First, Nations Inuit matey peoples. We also acknowledged that Toronto is covered by treaty. Thirteen signed with the Missis of the credit under Williams treaties signed with multiple Mississauga's and Chippewa bands. This is our city, their families and survivors, elected officials, first responders, leaders of Danforth faith, community and the other communities and all of those gathered here today that are assembled. It is good. It is good for us to gather together today why we are here to express our love and support and our compassion to the families of those who were lost, unto those who were injured a witnessed unspeakable violence, as well as for a community that was shaken one year ago tomorrow. Today we stand and we sit side-by-side to symbolize the solidarity we have experienced together with so many people around this city, the GTA and throughout the province and our country and may I add and our world at large. The shares in our grief should I say our continued grief. Thank you for being here. Your presence makes a difference, look at someone and say to them. Your presence makes a difference. One year ago, a lost young girl and the young woman. We remember them, along with the 13 others who were injured, as well as their families that were affected and all those who carry the inner wounds of having witnessed this moment of tragic lost, and it's aftermath. I too was present. I was there a year ago tomorrow. So I share the emotion that we all can share a year later, because it never goes away to the families of those who died. We say our hearts go out to you, remember your loved ones. We share your grief and you are not alone. By standing together, united in our brokenness and sadness, we dare to proclaim a message of hope and resilience. In the face of evil. Evil will not flourish, love will reign, evil will not overcome, but the result for Humanity and our community will remain strong. We will remember the victims and think of all those who live with the memories of that night. Such a violent act, though, pales against the strength, the spirit and the community that has been displayed since then, since now and says always will be not just a Danforth, but across our city across our province and across our nation. Somebody say: Amen I will now read the names of those whose lives were lost in this tragedy and I would invite family or a representative, accompanied by a city, Toronto first responder, to come forth and place flowers in their honor. They will do so now, so we remember Reese Fallon age 18 and we remember Juliana causes age 10. You I now invite everyone to please rise. If you can, if you are able for a moment of silence, to remember Rhys and Julianne, let us pause. Thank you once again to the members of the Danforth interfaith choir and you may have your seats and further as a remembrance of our solidarity with these families. Today, trees have been planted in this park in memory of Reece and Julianne. May they go strong to represent the strength of our community today. We also think of the 13 others who were injured and their families who were affected and also those who responded to witnessed and were affected by this tragic incident and for them and for all of us I will invite the chaplain Walter Kelly from Toronto paramedic services to place flowers on our behalf on their behalf. You, our hearts, go out to you as you continue your journey of recovery and healing. Let us remember and think about Ally Danielle, Dempsey Donnie yo me up young-hee Lima, Melissa, Miranda, Nikita, Melissa, Miranda, Samantha and Stamatis to all of those who were impacted in many ways. During this incident we wished them well in their healing and recovery over the weekend in their services. Faith communities on the Danforth read this statement in their places of worship. It reads thus: within our diverse community we gather around our shared values of peace, justice and hope we come with broken hearts, offering our comfort our support to those who are grieving and all those affected by the tragedy. One year ago, as people of hope, we come together to affirm that love is stronger than hate on July 22nd 2018. Our community was shaken by unthinkable violence. Our hearts go out to the victims, their families and all those who lives were changed that day. So was we marked the year which has passed. We join as a community in prayer in our pain and in our hope, let us hold space for one another, as we mend the world with love, and this was signed by Danforth Church Danforth Community Church than for Jura circle is Latvian Lutheran Church of Toronto East Minister United, Church, Holy, Name, Roman, Catholic, Church, Mandana, Majid, Majidi, tagua, Metropolitan, Community, Church of Toronto Riverdale and Westminster Presbyterian Church, st. Barnabas on the Danforth Anglican Church, and this morning at First, Baptist Church Toronto I, now wish to invite the poet laureate of Toronto mr. Al Morris to read a poem. He has written for this occasion, Thank You, captain days of July, the Danforth honoring, the dead and wounded celebrating the life in our streets along the flowering Street. A face moves by a glance I seem to know, did I see her a day ago, a month a year in this same place, a young woman. Could she be a student from a class of mind, but then a small girl, maybe nine or ten, with her parents, passes me and shakes up all my wandering. The dance of her steps makes walking clay and turns my heart, the other way from baffled. Thinking to the thing all around me: the Danforth, blue and gold, with flowers in the tall sky, the people's noise that seemed to die smothered by thought picks up anew. The sound of life comes back. How luminous the feast this Avenue serves us all, whether we come in a festival or grieving moment. The common human assent to life to pleasure is set down here in front of us. If we can, we take it if we're in too much pain. The street is content to offer and wait. It seems to no dark moments come and only those who share their meal with the dead can grasp the power to heal and to be healed. A quiet hum throbs in us, as we see the breads, the fruits books, clothes, the prism of the shops, new forms and colors that nothing stops the juice, the shine of life that spreads to all of us, admiring it now from those who work to make it who will stop and eat, inhale and view as we do when their turn comes. Our vow is kept here that life is good and will be good for all a gift to all about that, our loved ones who have fallen silent, make to and with us fulfill. Thank you poet laureate. Allow me to echo some words you just shared with us, and only those who share their meal with the dead, Congrats, the power to heal and to be healed. A quiet hum and this opportunity allows us to reflect and think about in our hearts in our minds and our spirits, the lives that were lost, but the continuation of life on their behalf. Thank you so much. The enormity of grief and sadness over the past year have been overwhelming for all of us. This has been a defining moment in this community and in our city, I, see many city officials here who shared so much in that loss as well, and we are more grateful for the life that we have more aware of the people around us and more mindful of the ways we are called to contribute towards the building up of our communities and the community of Danforth in particular, which holds a special place in the lives of so many. If I can put my two cents worth, we not to live lives of isolation. We are not isolated, but we are to insulate insulate each other from the violence and from the tragedies and from the hate and from the judgment that does not belong in our wonderful, diverse community. In our diverse city in our diverse nation. Nowhere else in the world can we live in harmony and in peace than the City of Toronto. You should give yourselves a hand for that. So let this moment not of isolation but of insulation of care and love with each other. Let this moment and our gathering be a reminder and a rededication of all that is good in us and in our city. May we continue to support the families of those who've passed, those who have been injured and those who have witnessed this incident, those neighbors and those first responders who were on the scene helping I, always say while we are all running from the tragedies of first responders, is running to the tragedy, so we can be safe. Thank you to our first responders. Thank you fire. Thank you. Paramedics, Thank You officers. Yes, we say thank you. Thank you for your continued service and protection in our city, and we are proud of you. A sir mich ceremony like this helps us to break down the walls of isolation, as we mentioned, which used to keep us separated, but we are in this together in our process of insulating each other. Our pain and our grief brings us together and allows for us in this shared space, to share kindness and compassion and to encounter each other in this journey of life and faith. So as a symbol of our unity, allow me to invite you to take a moment and to greet someone you don't know someone standing or sitting near to you. Would you please say hello exchange your name and share why you've chosen to be here today. Let's do so now, if we can, and yes, we are not just neighbors we're, not just friends. We are common humans together on this planet, to work in harmony and unity for each other, and we are family. We are brothers and sisters and we must care for each other before we conclude, there is a chalk at the various tables which you are welcome, to use, to create messages of hope, love and support to the families and to the community just to the very back you'll notice them there and on the sidewalks within and outside this park as well. You can also express, as I saw this wonderful young girl over there is doing right now, as we gather in community following the ceremony there'll be baked goodies. Somebody say mmmm kindly provided by the Danforth Business Improvement area. Please linger continue the conversations. Allow me to meet you and shake your hand as well, and please express your support and appreciation to the frontline responders as well. They are here to show their support also, and so to this end, this afternoon's gathering, please rise as you're able and join in the singing of your national. Our national anthem come on. You can do better than that. Oh Canada, Oh, Toronto God, keep our land go in peace, and thank you once again. God bless you, you you, you.