When we forget what divides us and remember what unites us remember, repair together, remember that 11 souls were taken from us by an anti-semitic act of violence, repair our own brokenness and the brokenness in our world. Together, we feel solace from the Solidarity of the Jewish community people from all over Greater, Pittsburgh and supporters from around the world. It's just you know it's easy to be hurt by all of this because of all the pain and the shock that comes with all of this, but we just have to know that this, just like the love that we need. We need love, we need it and it just brings us all together as a community, to show that you know hate will not win. You know I'm, not even from here like I'm from Philadelphia I've lived here in Pittsburgh for seven years now, but even though it's not my hometown that had happened to it, just hurts so much to know that just know that if you know that it's like I, said it's easy to be hurt by it, but we just can't let it happen. You know we got to let love win in these type of situations. To show that we're stronger than hate is is easier than what you think. You know. Let love in just you know like anything like whether it be like with a smile or with a hug, with an embrace just to show that you know we will not let hate win, that we are stronger than hate that we will always continue to be stronger than we just let love in always, so that we are stronger than hate. We will always continue to be stronger than hate. Hate is just like it's just an emotion that could be easily you know beaten. It can be easily defeated by love. We come every day every every day, all year we share the same land, the same physical space, we're neighbors, so we live directly behind. We purchased our fence together with the Tree of Life, so our land is theirs and we are a part of it as much as everyone else in our community is but yeah we're compelled to walk over every single day. Well, it signifies the fact that we have to do better that we all have to stop and recognize one another. Now look at our phones and look at one another directly have a conversation and make the world a better place to prepare sure. How do we? How can we continue to live out that, as we've seen in the hoping to see how much I use that message of Oh random acts of kindness? If you go to the website for Achieva, they have a campaign, love like the boys, and you can actually print off the token and and hand it to someone and or not and just participate in doing kind X for one another, just to remind ourselves that we are stronger than hate them. It's not a motto: it should be a lifestyle, so the big picture of today is that we're stronger than hate hatred doesn't belong in Pittsburgh and that, like it can't, we won't weaken it city of Steel and stuff stuff with the violence. The violence does not show anything, it doesn't prove anything all it shows is that evil and it won't bring us down, which shows that, like again, like we're strong thirteen, it's just like I'm, just I'm, always for like social work and I am a volunteer, and so I just thought that, like about what the big picture of today is and put it down on paper, just to pay respects in the show people that it it's a it's a really meaningful day and that it will always be and that this is just it's not fair to the people, about Fitz Berg, stop with the violence and and just always be kind and show people that you really care, because, if you're evil, it doesn't show anything it just. It makes it so enough, Evo in the world that we don't need it anymore. I do.