During the campaign, we heard a lot more from Justin Trudeau about how conservatives dealt with veterans than what a reelected liberal government would do. Stephen Harper cut our military cut services for our veterans, cuts to services, cuts to veterans, reopening the PEI veteran service office, along with eight others across the country that the Conservatives had shot ten years of nickel-and-diming our veterans. Yet the Liberals did make four promises to veterans in their platform, improve mental health services and disability benefits and making it easier to access both job training, support and a tax-free $2,500 benefit for military families, who have to relocate plus a pledge of 15 million dollars to end veteran homelessness. People who serve this country deserve to be supported and cared for by their government. We have done exactly that and we recognize we will always continue to do even more I. Don't want to be cynical, but I don't hold my breath this week. On the West block, two veterans say the biggest problem remains a service gap in the transition from military to civilian life. The military is great at creating soldiers, it's great at taking care of soldiers, but once that stops and an individual has to now find their new identity that layered on top of any medical issue, I think that's where vets will start to see. Most of their issues arise from I had depression, the PTSD was elevated, retired sergeant Elena Gilmore was a frontline medic in Afghanistan. She calls her transition to civilian life in 2015, very difficult, not stopgap between service within the military and being under this umbrella, then just being cast aside and basically the wind picks up the umbrella closes and off. It goes and you're left. You know all of a sudden you're getting soaked a Veterans Affairs spokesperson points to more than ten billion dollars in investments during the first term of the Trudeau government telling Global News. While the system isn't yet perfect, they believe they're moving in the right direction for veterans, Abigail, Beeman, Global, News, Ottawa,.