Well, thank you, everyone for being here sorry to be late. There was some traffic detours, I'm, so glad to be here with my sister Rashid today today, we're here to highlight the before I actually start. We were supposed to have a couple of our the other speakers. Are they in the room? Do you want to join us? How are you wonderful today we're here to highlight the human cost of the occupation and travel restrictions on Palestinians and others? As many of you know, I had planned to travel to Israel and Palestine to hear from individuals on the ground about the conflict, so that I could be more informed as a member of Congress and as a member on the Foreign, Affairs Committee. Contrary to many media reports and the statements of the Israeli prime minister I plan to meet directly with members of the Knesset and Israeli security, along with Palestinian civil society groups, former IDF soldiers, Israel Palestine and international organizations and United Nations officials leading up to the trip I met with constituents holding a wide range of views on the conflict. All the activities on my trip had been done by members had been done by members of Congress in the past, including a nearly identical trip few years ago, led by the very same Palestinian organization leading this trip. In addition to me, Rashidah going on the trip we were going to be joined by stacy plus ket from the Virgin Islands. The decision to ban me and my colleagues, the first my colleague, the first two Muslim American women elected to Congress, is nothing less than an attempt by an ally of the United States to suppress our ability to do our jobs as elected officials. But this is not just about me. Netanyahu's decision to deny us entry might be unprecedented for members of Congress, but it is the policy of his government when it comes to Palestinians. This is the policy of his government when it comes to anyone who holds views, that's ruined the occupation, a policy that has been edged on and supported by Trump's administration. That's because the only way to preserve unjust policy is to suppress people's freedom of expression, freedom of association and freedom of movement. My colleague and I are not the only ones who are being denied the right to see for ourselves the reality on the ground on the West Bank. The Netanyahu government, for example, is currently trying to deport Omar Shakir, a human rights worker with Human Rights Watch, because he has reported on human rights conditions in the West Bank and Gaza. Last year, the Netanyahu government refused entry to American citizen, Katharine, Frank Frank and my friend Finn's Warren, who had arrived on a human rights mission. All of these actions have nothing to do nothing to bring us closer to peace. In fact, they do the opposite. They maintain the occupation and prevent a solution to the conflict. Fortunately, we in the United States have a constructive role to play. We give Israel more than three million dollars aid every year. This is predicated on their being an important ally in the region and the only democracy in the Middle East, but denying visit to duly elected members of Congress is not consistent with being an ally and denying millions of people, freedom of movement or expression or self-determination is not consistent with being a democracy. We must be asking as Israel's ally the Netanyahu government, stopped the expansion of settlements on Palestinian land and ensure full rights for Palestinians if we are to give them aid. These are not just my views. These are the views held by the range of experts. Peace advocates on this issue. We know Donald Trump would love nothing more than to use this issue to pit Muslims and Jewish Americans against each other. The Muslim community and the Jewish community are being other and made into the boogeyman by this administration, but but, as we will hear today, people of all different faiths are coming together to speak up against the status quo in the region. I'm grateful for the Solidarity shown by so many of my colleagues in Congress I, understand and appreciate the calls for members to avoid traveling to Israel until Rashidah and I are allowed to go without condition, but it is my belief that as legislators we have an obligation to see the reality there. For ourselves. We have a responsibility to conduct oversight over our governments, foreign policy and what happens with the millions of dollars we send in aid. So I would encourage my colleagues to visit meet with the people we were going to meet, see the things we were going to see here. The stories we were going to hear we cannot. We cannot let Trump and Netanyahu succeed in hiding the cool reality of the occupation from us. So I call on all of you to go. The occupation is real, barring, barring members of Congress, from seeing it does not make it go away. We must end it together. Now it's with honor that I introduce my sister Rasheeda Talib, who has been so brave and resilient and someone who has deep connections to the region and someone who I would have loved to met to have met her city, Rasheeda Talib. Thank you so much to my dear friend and colleague, congresswoman el Hana Omar, for inviting me to her district to join you all today. I am incredibly thankful for her leadership and strength through all. She has been dealing with as a woman of color in Congress I. Don't know how she does it sometimes, but the outpouring of support we have received from our constituents and supporters across the country shows us how important it is to keep fighting for justice. Today's today, reps Omar and plus K and I were supposed to be on a congressional trip and delegation to the Palestine and Israel, and such delegations are common occurrence for members of Congress earlier this month, in fact, 71 other members of Congress traveled to Israel, seemingly without incident. What is not common occurrence as members of Congress being barred from entering a country on these fact-finding missions unless they agreed to strict set of rules curtailing their rights, are being required to submit their itineraries for stop by stop a pre approval. History does have a habit of repeating itself. I learned this week that a former member of Congress congressman Charles, C, Diggs jr., was denied entry and apartheid South Africa in 1972. He was also the representative for the 13 congressional district in Michigan. I was born and raised in the beautiful Detroit, where many of my african-american teachers taught me about the realities of oppression and justice and the need to speak up and take action growing up in a city that has been at the center of many social justice movements for civil rights, labor rights, inequality and absorbing those lessons has shaped. Who I am today and drives me to push for peace and justice for the Palestinian and Israeli people as a young girl visiting Palestine to see my grandparents and extended family I watched as my mother had to go to do humanizing checkpoints, even though she was a United States citizen in proud American I was there when my city was didn't a terrible car accident and my cousins and I cried so she could have access to the best hospitals which were in Jerusalem I, remember shaking with fear when checkpoints appeared in the small village of Beppo, DeLuca tanks and guns everywhere, I remember, visiting East Jerusalem with my then-husband and him escorting, escorted off the bus. Although he was a United, States citizen, just those security forces could have harassed him. All I can do as my city's granddaughter as the as the granddaughter of a woman who lives in occupied territory is to elevate her voice by exposing the truth. The only way I know how, as my Detroit Public Schools teachers, taught me by humanizing the pain of oppression. Our delegation trip included meetings with Israeli veterans who were forced to participate in military occupation. They also does really want peace and self-determination for their Palestinian neighbors. They could have shed light into in justices of raids, shootings, demolitions in child detention. The delegation would have seen firsthand why walls are destructive, not productive. They could have asked the people in Bethlehem how walls cut people off away from economic opportunities from a way to live and do psychological damage that lasts forever. All I can do as her granddaughter is help humanize her and the Palestinian people's plight. I know that when we can finally see them as deserving of human dignity, everyone who lives there will be able to live in peace. It is unfortunate that Prime Minister Netanyahu has apparently taken a page out of Trump's book in even direction from chump to deny this opportunity. And yes, while folks are shocked that this happened to us. But today we will hear from folks who help show the reality for many who have been barred from going to into Israel not to be even able to reach the Palestinian people. They are fellow Americans who cannot visit their families or their loved ones. They should be deviant. All of us should be deeply disturbed. All of us Americans should be deeply disturbed and with that I thin. Thank you. So much to my colleague, congresswoman Hana Omar for helping humanize the Palestinian people Thank You Rasheeda. Next, we will hear from Lana / Waukee Palestinian American and a Minnesota resident who has never been able to return to her family's homeland of Palestine Thank You Ilhan, hello. Thank you. Two representatives, Ilhan Omar and Rasheeda slave for inviting me to speak today. I was asked to share some of my personal story: I'm Lana, becaue I'm, the daughter of Palestinian immigrants to this country. I live in Minneapolis with my husband and my two children, and although I am Palestinian, I've never been able to visit Palestine. My story is like that of so many people who live in the Diaspora caused by the occupation of Palestine by Israel Palestine is a home. I have never seen, and one that I long to see about. 25 years ago, I was a college student visiting family. In Jordan, with my mother, father and sisters, we were considering taking a side trip to visit the occupied West Bank, a visit that would include seeing for the first time my father's family's village called vodka, a small town near the city of Nablus vodka. It's the word at the heart of my last name, but gah. We, we are the people of book club. Incidentally, this is such a common Palestinian thing that, no matter how long your family has been living in exile, your Palestinian identity is strong. Other Palestinians you meet will want to know what town is your family from? Are you able to visit? If you can go you should it's beautiful implicit in these questions is a longing for our people to know our homeland and a hope that we can someday return back to that summer 25 years ago. Ultimately, we did not attempt to visit Palestine. As I mentioned, we were in Amman Jordan and we would have. We would have tried to cross into West the West Bank at a bridge crossing that spans the Jordan River until under Israel in suzi, under Israel's laws. The decision to allow or to deny our entry would have been made by a heavily armed Israeli soldier. We would have been at their mercy making ourselves vulnerable to the occupying State of Israel. Ultimately, we did not attempt to visit and I have to say. I was quite disappointed at the time. I was a college student reckoning with my identity, trying to reconcile everything, I knew about my loving family and our close-knit community of Palestinian and other Arab friends in the United States balance. All of that against the menacing images of Palestinians. That constantly saw on the news and in Hollywood I, wanted so badly to visit, Palestine and see it all for myself, it was my parents decision not to attempt the visit not to attempt to enter Israel. My father talked about our safety. He did not want to put me in my two sisters in harm's way. We knew the stories about what happens to Palestinians when they attempt to enter Israel the indignities and the fear that Israeli soldiers have the power to put them through since that summer. I have come to understand that decision of my parents in a deeper way that, beyond the truth of their concern for our safety, there was a more fundamental truth. My father could not bring himself to be in a position where an Israeli soldier is a person in control of his entry into his homeland. There is an enduring trauma that he and my mother live. They live in exile from Palestine, from Boudicca and from my mother's family's ancestral home in Yaffa and to have the decision of our entry in the hands of an Israeli soldier was too great a psychic English to bear this pails, of course, in comparison to the brutal life under occupation that millions of Palestinians face on a daily basis. Representative Omar is my congresswoman and I am indebted to her and to representative Slade for having the courage to bring the cruel and racist occupation of Palestine by Israel into the national conversation. The dispossession and displacement of Palestinians is a human rights issue. It's an issue of injustice of justice as US citizens, representatives, amar and play should be free to visit Israel, a country that calls itself a democracy to learn for themselves how the United, States annual military and financial aid of three billion dollars are spent. They should be free to defend US citizens rights to financially resist Israeli policies by participating in the peaceful boycott, divestment and sanctions movement, a movement inspired by the effective campaign that dismantled the apartheid system in South Africa. A few decades ago, representative Talib should be free to visit her elderly grandmother, her City for Israel to deny a family visit or to make it conditional, is truly inhumane. Traveling learning resisting visiting family. These are freedoms that we think we have as citizens of the United States freedoms that should be upheld by our democracy and by that of Israel. If were the true democracy, it claims to be. In my day-to-day life, I have the privilege to work with Arab and other Southwest Asian and North African artists, poets and filmmakers, making space for their necessary work in a culture that is preoccupied with marginalizing and silencing our community. I'd like to end by reading a poem by the Palestinian American poet, Lena high, left tufa. Upon arrival, you will need to state the reason for your visit, don't say, because I want to walk down old roads and caress stone walls. The color of my skin, you will need to state the reason for your visit, don't say, because olives are ready for harvest and I will coax the fruit from the trees press it into liquid gold. You will need to state the reason for your visit, don't say, because my parents house still sits empty on a bluff overlooking the sea, the green shutters, my grandfather had just painted, remain sealed shut and the army listed the properties owners as absent 'yes. You will need to state the reason for your visit, don't say, because I am carrying prayers in my suitcase for people who wait and I'll unfold them, embroidered linens, obverse and spread them out across the land. Thank you. Thank you. Lana I did get a book of poems from Lena just recently in Seattle, so we were both visiting and I. Remember, reading on the plane, right back home and crying and everyone sort of staring at me like a crazy person. Next, we will hear from amber Harris a Minnesota resident who's married to a Palestinian and was denied entry herself for we. She will talk about the impact of the travel restrictions. Amber hello, thank you for having me and letting me tell my story. My name is Amber Harris I am a Jewish US citizen and I'm married to a Palestinian from the West Bank, with an American Palestinian son, my story's, multiple beginnings, I'm gonna start where the real struggle really began. After my husband and I got engaged in 2015, we were forced to go back to Palestine because he had a j-1 visa and it had ended. Everything was fine on my first time, I went in because I was a Jewish American, and so it's easy just to go and in visit Israel during my three-month stay in the West Bank, my husband and I got legally married and the Palestine Authority informed us that for Israel to give me my spousal visa visa, we had to leave and come back. So we got married and left for a honeymoon for about two weeks in the power of return. I was held interrogated for ten hours by the Shin Bet, the Israeli Security Agency. My marriage documents were almost thrown away and I was humiliated during my interrogation. They found my Twitter social media and forced me to open my facebook. They yelled at me for being human rights activist and environmentalist, but was not told why I'm being held, but it was obvious um after dismissal, I was told. I was a threat to the State of Israel and the force assigned documents in Hebrew, saying I was banned for ten years, because my husband was not allowed to come with me back to the US because of visa stuff. He couldn't get a visa. I was forced to say immediate goodbye to him turn around at the border and go back to the US, not knowing when I'd see him again, but because I am privileged. I have access and we are able to give the Jewish Israeli lawyer. It took about four months to help us get a solution to this, and basically they came back and said that I can attempt to come back by. They would want to read Tara gate me confiscate and search all of my belongings, my electronics, open. My social media asked us for a security deposit. He might ask for a security deposit averaging ten thousand. A twenty two thousand USD, which they would give back if I left, we were forced to borrow money for my family, which is a privilege within itself and I returned again and was held in the Elbe bridge for six hours, and eventually we spoke again to a shinbei officer. He taunted me trying to figure out. Ask me why I was banned and I didn't know. Cuz we I wasn't told my lawyer was never told. He eventually said it was because I've participated in violent riots and protests. I was confused and trying to figure out what where he was coming from, but he shushed me and told me that I'm gonna be allowed into the West Bank this time, but I'm under surveillance and I believe them so I was I was allowed, but I was only a lot. I was not allowed into Israeli. Proper I was only allowed into West Bank, so his West Bank only visa, and the only conclusion I can come up with all of this is that they were punishing me for my activities in the protests of Ferguson Missouri I was punished for the freedom of speech. In my own country and since then, I face hurdles and restrictions in entering the West Bank and getting my visa and I want to make this clear that my story is not unique, represented in Mert Rep. All omar rap played lana's story, and so many are we're. Not unique. Mine ends in a positive note because of my privilege as a Jewish white American, but there's, but these restrictions touch. Everyone I know hundreds of stories of other woman who are people of color Muslims, especially Palestinian, who may never be allowed to return solely for the identities that they hold. Israel is denying US citizens for their race, religious beliefs, estimates, ethnicity and, ultimately, for the political activity. It's in the u.s. time is now for us all to stand up as Americans to our four fellow citizens being denied basic human international rights based on freedom exist within our country. I want to think rap Omar and played for giving us this opportunity for speaking out and being strong, because it's people like them and actions like these that make a future that my Palestinian son can return and will always have a home to return to, and thank you filling me totally sorry Thank, You Emperor and now let me introduce current Corinne moth, the executive director of the Jewish Community Action. Thank you. My name is Karen rots and I'm. The executive director of Jewish Community Action. We organize Jews statewide here in Minnesota for racial and economic justice as Jews around the country in places like Michigan and New, York and South Carolina are organizing alongside other communities for immigrant rights, for criminal justice, reform for access to health care and affordable housing. Right here as Americans, we recognize that our identities have been weaponized, two other us to divide us from our likeliest allies and to weaken our collective movements for justice. We recognize and resist the way that our communities, values and diversity have been flattened and erased by a president and administration who seek only to use us as pawns in attacks against his political opponents. Our community has been used as a tool by those pretending to be concerned with our safety to undermine the Solidarity. That we know is needed in order to achieve justice, and we recognize and resist the way that the same has been done to our Muslim neighbors and we stand with them and against the Islamophobia and racism, that's being wielded against them. Our oppression and our resistance are both intertwined. We have been pitted against each other, our communities target targeted and our identities weaponized by those who have never stood with us. We have been dehumanized in service of a white nationalist agenda and our greatest power in resisting that is in our solidarity. The president and this administration have engaged in a calculated campaign to label us all as something other than Americans tribal, above all else, to define our identities for us and to pigeonhole us to tell us what issues we care about and to tell us who our enemies are while defending the actions of neo-nazis while running ads and raising money with anti-semitic language, while lifting up the leadership of members of Congress who actively target us, they want to co-opt our freedom, define our oppression and then use it to turn us against each other. But we will not turn away from one another. We will stand together, not just for our own safety and survival, but in pursuit of justice and peace everywhere. Thank you thank you, Karen and lastly, we will hear from Rosa de Rucker from the, if not now, movement. My name is Rosa Drucker I am here as a constituent of congresswoman, Omar and I'm here as a young June. My Jewish values call me to defend the freedom and dignity of all people. It is because of these values that I organize with, if not now, a movement of American Jews working to end our communities, support for the Israeli military occupation over millions of Palestinians. The situation may be complex, but it is not complicated. The occupation is a daily nightmare for those who live it and a moral disaster for those who support it. What we saw this past week demonstrates Israel's desperation to hide the realities of the occupation from us. Palestinians are denied access to medical care, education, Economic, Opportunity and freedom of movement. The Israeli government receives billions of dollars from the US annually to enforce this cruel regime. When the Israeli government denies entry to our democratically elected members of Congress, they show us that they have something to hide. When American politicians try to silence Ilhan, Omar and Rasheeda Talib, they are complicit in supporting the occupation when political leaders peddle hate and so mistrust. It impacts us right here in Minnesota, where we have seen an increase in hate crimes when the political right tells Jews to fear progressively like Ilhan, Omar and Hirschi Talib. There are weaponizing anti-semitism for their own gain. I refuse to let my Jewish identity be used as a tool to incite Islamophobia I, reject the narrative that anti-occupation means Aunty Jew. All of us should demand human rights for Palestinians I, stand by my congresswoman in demanding accountability from the Israeli government. I stand by her in the face of racist Islamophobic attacks by those who seek to pit my Jewish community against Muslims. That strategy will not work. We know that the real threat to our communities is white nationalism, the same ideology that motivates anti-semitism motivates Islamophobia. It is only by staining together against these attacks that we can build a better world. Thank you so much Thank, You Rosa, and thank you all for being here in solidarity with us. I think before we open up for questions. I just wanted to say what often gets lost in in this conversation is, is the fact that our work in uplifting all marginalized voices is historically documented? And you know there isn't really anyone here that we have not done work with rashida talks about the beautiful Detroit community that she represents. The beautiful blackest but I, but I also represent Minneapolis the heart of every progressive movement, and we did start the labor rights. We died for the labor rights movement, okay and so, and so it is just such an honor to be not serving with you only because we are the first two Muslim women to serve, but because we also represent people who understand and value that this particular fight. We are waging on behalf of all of oppressed people around the world. So we'll take few questions. We have to get to a town hall in a little bit, so the reaction in in my district has been an overwhelming outcry and condemnation of the particular action that's been taken by the Netanyahu administration and the urging of our presidents. I mean people really are appalled in many ways. People feel like when you are a United States citizen, forget the fact that we are members of Congress when you are the United United States citizen, that your president, your ambassadors, your State Department works on your behalf. They defend you and fight for your right to to freedom of speech, the freedom of movement and and to have an administration and a president and an ambassador that is not doing that, puts fear in many people's hearts. They can't trust if they found themselves abroad or or were thinking. You know someone was refusing them a visa that their country would fight for them. Rashidah earlier talked about congressman Diggs, who was denied a visa to enter, and then apartheid South Africa, the United States government, our ambassador State Department, our president, fought to make sure that he got that visa and he did go and so for for us, this isn't right. Everything is beyond us and there are a lot of people who currently feel like what is taking place is going to have a larger impact on on them. You've heard from Jewish members of my constituency, we've had a really wonderful meeting before I took my trip to get an insight of what kind of questions they wanted me to ask what they were interested in me learning and how they wanted a check back in to happen after I'd returned and we've heard from you know, almost every single Jewish organization here in my district, who issued statements, many of the Jewish leaders, in that in my district and in in Rashida's as well, have been raising their voices. Many of our Jewish colleagues in in Congress have have reached out and have issued a statement in condemnation. This is not, and this is not an issue where there are some people who agree with with this action- that's being taken. Everyone understands, as do the elected members of Congress, who do appropriation, who are taking a vote in in regards to what our foreign policy looks like in that region, that we should have access to see it for ourselves and many of my column, colleagues and constituents. From the first day, I got elected have been urging me to go, see things for myself to reserve judgment until I did, and this is what we were embarking on and we don't get to have that opportunity. At the moment. Conversation about the yeah, that's a really good question. We had my colleagues that are senior members. Some of them have served multiple terms actually told us about the organization and because we asked her, you know we're not the ones who chose the organization. A u.s. foundation, us-based monster organization organization chosen, but I was told by a number I think there was five members of Congress that I've just in 2016. That was sponsored by the same organization. So we're also taking it back and learned from everybody else that there were some issues regarding it again. I think especially Alejandro, Maher and I are extremely careful embedding because there is a close eye in policing of our actions. That is so much more weighted on us than any other members, and so we're very careful. But when you know, members from the Congressional Progressive Caucus that both the she and I are extremely active and have gone through a similar trip, almost similar agenda, we were as taken aback as you are that people are now questioning that I think these are just distractions in to the fact that this had nothing to do really with the agenda or these other issues, because members of Congress have gone. Have many of these organizations, including breaking the silence, Amnesty International, a number of these organization ehre. These are all incredibly internet, great international organizations both run by Israelis and Palestinians together, that are that were both meeting with us. The the I think the focus is they're, hiding of the truth and hiding that the occupation is happening and they knew us setting foot. There would basically bring attention to something that many of us feel is very much against international human rights. I spoke to my family and I think my grandmother said it beautifully when she said I'm her off food ice food in Arabic means her bird and she said I'm her dream manifested I am her free bird. So why would I come back and be caged and bow down when my election rolls her head up? High gave her dignity for the first time and so through tears at three o'clock in the morning we all decided as a family that I could not go until I was a free, American, United States Congress woman coming there not only to see my grandmother but to talk to Palestinian and Israeli organizations. That believed that my grandmother deserved human dignity as much as anyone else does. So it is something that I struggled with and I talked to sister, her sister lejano Mara a little bit about it. There's a piece of you that gets broken, especially when I grew up here and I grew up in the most beautiful blackest city in the country. Where you don't let anybody tell you you're less than or humiliate you solely based on your faith or your ethnicity and as the United States congresswoman I could not do that to my grandmother what I? What I? What I tell Rashida all the time is that you don't ever allow people to enjoy your tears. I say that all the time there are so many people invested in our pain in our struggle in seeing us broken down and the one thing that is important to me more than anything as we fight for the most marginalized people is that we have our internal liberation, carry us to external liberation, and there is no way no I told me she that before you send that letter, you should have called me. There is no way there is no way that we are ever ever going to allow people to tear us down to see us cry. Not you know, out of pain. To ever make us feel like our certificate is less than theirs, so we are gonna, hold our head up high and we are going to fight this administration and the oppressive Netanyahu administration. Until we take our last breath. Thank you all have a great day. Thank you. You.