Thank you very much, Justin Trudeau rammed through an omnibus bill to amend the Criminal Code, allowing accused corporate criminals to avoid prosecution. He then assumed that the top prosecutor and his Attorney General would play the game and help him help. Snc Laughlin a company that had given over a hundred thousand dollars in illegal donations to the Liberal Party, but the top prosecutor said no, so he went to his attorney general, assuming that she would play his game and help his friends. She said no, he pushed harder and over a four month period of non-stop pressure, they tried to bully her into violating her own principles. Justin Trudeau expected a parent-child relationship would unfold and that he would get his way. The architect of all of this bullying, of course, was pmo puppet master, Gerald butts and over a four-month PR period now documented. Clearly they pushed and pushed and pushed Jodie Wilson rabl stood on principle and said no and so Trudeau and butts fired her as Attorney General. She spoke out and then they kicked her out of the caucus altogether. This sad episode marks the probably the most grievous example of political interference in our criminal justice system. In modern memory, a Trudeau tried to distract from it all by having his puppet master, Gerald BOTS take the fall and resign in disgrace now. His hope was that Canadians would believe that he'd learned his lesson, but this week we learnt we find out. He learned nothing at all. Gerald butts is back, the LAV scamsters are reunited and nothing has changed. If Trudeau and BOTS are returned to power, we will see more ST, lavell and scams. The modus operandi that we saw in this scandal will continue and it will worsen. There remain unanswered questions. How much if anything did Butz get in the way of a severance when he resigned in disgrace, is Justin Trudeau planning to extend a special deal to SNC lavell and, if he's re-elected, has he already privately made a decision to give the company a deal and would that deal be handed over to the company before Christmas? If Trudeau is back in, but one thing is for sure, this week's news tells us a lot about Justin Trudeau, the lab scam bully is in, and the principled women who spoke truth to power are out. That's everything you need to know about Justin Trudeau's ethics. Well, when Gerald Butz took the fall and resigned in disgrace in the SNC Laughlin scandal, Trudeau was trying to tell voters. Don't worry I've learned my lesson: I'm a changed man now we know this is the same: S&C LAV land scamster as it as he has existed only a few months ago, Justin Trudeau has not changed. There will be more SNC, lavell and scandals, and we know that because he brought back the very architect of that scandal to serve at the center of his decision-making organization. Justin Trudeau will repeat this conduct over and over again because he believes he can get away with it. I'm just gonna go back to Gerald Butz, who said that Prime Minister Trudeau keeps continuing these actions cause. He thinks he can get away with it if the Liberals are re-elected. Do you think that would kind of reaffirm his belief that he can in fact get away with it? Yes, okay. Is that all the questions? Thank you very much. Oh well, I just wanted colleagues just asking me if I can get you on huawei in English, just to repeat oh yes, earlier andrew shares already said he is going to ban huawei from canada's 5g network and protect Canadians and our security I. Think the latest news that we've seen on the subject has confirmed that mr. Schurz position on this question was right all along. Thank you. Thank you.