There's much to reflect on after the Tories lost to the Liberals, the future direction of the party, the leadership of Andrew Shearer, who faced a moment of truth today, our chief political correspondent, David akin, is outside that caucus meeting David. How did they address Andrews shares leadership? Well, they were essentially voted on a process that would have given the caucus, the power to initiate a leadership review. So if there was a bunch of MPs Conservative MPs that wanted to get rid of Andrew Shearer today was the day that could have voted to start the process and they overwhelmingly rejected that idea. So the caucus votes essential at this point to see what Shearer can do. So it's a win for Andrew Shearer. In his leadership. He still faces some hurdles. He has a mandatory review coming up in April, that's going to happen in Toronto. That will be for Conservative Party members to show up in Toronto and vote thumbs up or thumbs down, and just as some context for that vote. In April there was a new poll out today from the Angus Reid Institute and the Angus Reid Institute, asking conservative voters all voters, not just party members, but all voters. Would you like to see Shearer remain as leader or step down answer 41% said remain. 42% said he should step down so still some hurdles for Shearer to clear in terms of the broader message, but today at least his caucus looks like it's standing with him, Donna and David. There are some other things the Conservative Party needs to fix. If it's going to win over more Canadians, what our caucus members considering there's really three things. There is some issues with the leader: if it's going to be Andrew Shearer, he didn't seem comfortable in his own skin. Talking about his own personal beliefs and Canadians did not feel comfortable in voting form, so they got to do something about the leader, whether it's she or not. But then there's also some policy development. Conservatives telling me they really didn't feel they were putting something on offer that Canadians and persuadable voters could really grab on to and finally, they got to fix their election machine database systems were broken. That inhibited get-out-the-vote attempts. So three things to fix, but a lot of work to do on policy and on election plumbing.