Thank you for joining us here today for our second national caucus meeting since the election and welcome and congratulations again to all of you. You fought you fought hard and you won the right to represent your constituents and the reason why Justin Trudeau lost his majority is because the people in this very room who worked so hard and it is so exciting to see so many more conservatives in this room. It's great to see our new members from Atlantic Canada, it's great to see our new members of parliament from Ontario. Because of all of you. We are the only national party that has this new subpoena CIA CIA shut to ope, and now this is it. This is the week it's time to get to work. Canada Jemaine, especially to commune back upon, go state level and he's on juniper had quit juvenile tomorrow, the House of Commons is back in session and the stakes could not be higher. Our country is more divided than ever. Deep cracks are showing in confederation, under the Liberals. Our economy is bleeding jobs in Alberta and Saskatchewan, and forestry workers in BC and other ramifications are spreading across the country. Nearly half of Canadian families are 200 dollars away from financial insolvency. At the end of every month. A record number of Canadians declare bankruptcy. This past September president wanted FME kennedy so a distant allow play the links of ability. Other thing do one in number record: the Kennedy on declare a fight on September. There continue to be worrying economic science and the threat of a possible downturn grows every day. Meanwhile, infrastructure is not getting built, leaving major urban areas like the GTA strangled by gridlock and at a time when Canada needs strong relationships. More than ever Justin Trudeau's, poor judgment, lack of professionalism and love of drama continues to weaken Canada's position on the world stage at the NATO summit, he's also abandoning our friends what they just did to Israel at the United Nations. Ladies and gentlemen, I still believe, I am still convinced. The Canada's best days lie ahead too late to turn things around it here in Ottawa, we as a team stand together. United we are focused on one shared goal and prosperity: getting rid of a scandal-plagued deficit, running Liberal government and replacing it with a Conservative government that puts Canadians first and will heal this country. Suppose a supermodel ever had upon c-clone J, don't late deficit in opposition consummate lease they sponsor black eagle-vail donator, the Thule Canadian. Now I am optimistic, because I believe that Canadians will see that they are not alone. All those who are disappointed in their government will see that there is still a party that fights for the success of all Canadians. There is still a party that believes in the best of Canada and there's still a party that will bring this country together, not by tearing one region down or pinning parts of this country against each other, but by uniting Canadian and as we form the strongest opposition in history, Canadians will see that the problem is not their fellow Canadians. Their problem is not other parts of this country. Their problem is Justin Trudeau and the way he has divided Canadians Dilys want to Canada the Canadian for vodka program. Nepalese, author Kennedy. The problem is just aims to do and all Canadians have put him on notice. They have given this Liberal government, the weakest mandate in Canadian history. Despite all the pundits and experts saying just a little while ago that the Liberals were easily going to coast to two or three majority governments, he has already lost the trust of most Canadians because while he had his majority, he was able to do pretty much whatever he wanted. He even abused the power of his office to reward his friends and punished his critics, but in this minority Parliament we are putting him on notice, we're not going to let them get away with anything we're not going to let them get away with raising taxes or attacking small business owners. We're not going to let him attack our energy sector with bills like c69, we're not going to allow him to cripple future generations by massive amounts of new debt news that only bachelor and your background car new bachelor Kong conveys all staple these attack condos. On till please he knows how to open up a portal. You need a Canadian, we'll fight, then we'll fight. Some more we're gonna fight for our farmers across this country, we're going to fight for manufacturing workers in Ontario, we're going to fight for energy workers in Alberta and Saskatchewan, we're gonna fight for forestry workers in British, Columbia, all that so that could put a project or lady a-okay back at a pet show, don't let logic we must fight, because we are the only party that can heal this country. Ladies and gentlemen, now Jesse Jude has been dragging his feet. He's delayed bringing back the House of Commons for quite a long time because he knows what's waiting for him here in this room. He knows that as the loyal opposition, we are waiting to hold him to account because our loyalty is not to the government. Our loyalty is to the Canadian people and when the prime minister of this country puts his agenda ahead of the good of all Canadians, he will indeed find himself opposed. They call the premier minister disappear until FL passe ceasing to her a lonely being the Thule Canadian FFF as an opposition leader who's. He knows this and I believe he fears this he's afraid to face us in question period and he's afraid to see. What's going to happen at committees, anniver, bad news out front. They open tomorrow and I bailed. This, sir good news a lot fair on committee, Holly Montana. There is important to work to do, ladies and gentlemen, to unite the country to respect the taxpayer, to stand up for Canada on the world stage to protect and create good-paying Canadian jobs. Our economy is slowing down, and the threat of a global recession is very real. In Canada, instead of being in a position of strength is on shaky ground, Trudeau's, never-ending deficits and out-of-control spending not only threaten the livelihood of future generations. The deficits, something the states could always say they- bounce off the control, - 11e of the futures in a hostile, but he's also severely weakened our ability to respond in times of crisis. So my message to Justin Trudeau is this: vacation time is over no more free rides. The population Canadienne consume you Oh massages. Do it Claire I had to clean a la PA, Oh clean past wah Canada needs us Canadians need their government to work for them. So let's get to work. The Canadian people are counting on us and our conservative caucus. We will deliver for them. Let's get to work.