Good morning, I'm Brent rusyn, Manitoba's, chief provincial public health officer today we're announcing 25 new cases of kovat 19, bringing our total to 64. There have been no additional deaths to report. We are aware of one client in intensive care at this time. I do not have any further details to share about that client. At this time, Public Health investigations continue to confirm details and information will be updated on our website when it is available. As of yesterday, sixty two hundred and three tests had been completed at Kadim provincial lab. There were six hundred and six tests done on Thursday. We have been reporting test numbers from Kadim daily. However, today we have not received the updated numbers, so we're reporting, Thursday's numbers I, want to remind Manitobans an updated public health order under the Public Health Act comes into effect, 12:01 a.m. on Monday March 30th. This will be limiting public gatherings of no more than ten people at any indoor or outdoor place or premises. Information is being shared with travelers coming to Manitoba, by both Road and by air. I. Do note that our borders are not closed, but we are informing all people returning to Manitoba of the need to self isolate for 14 days. We continue our work across the province to plan our response and building capacity within the healthcare system. This is done through our incident management structure, and it is a provincial wide approach. We have been standing at this level of preparedness since the beginning of February I want to thank everyone, who's been working, long hours and days and weeks to continue to provide help and the safety for Manitobans. This includes our quite dedicated frontline health care staff, as well as our lab support, and to really to all Manitobans who have been stepping up at this time. We've seen volunteers, step up we're seeing Manitobans, making social distancing part of their daily lives. Now I want to thank thank you all, and we reiterate that we are not helpless against this virus. We've been taking actions and we're going to continue to take actions to protect us against the widespread transmission of this virus. Social distancing is one of our best ways to protect ourselves. The people around us and all of Manitoban Manitobans against this virus, the best way of reducing the spread, is for people to stay home. If you can, by staying home you're protecting yourself as well as other Manitobans as well as our frontline health care staff staying home is especially important if you're sick. It's especially important, if you're in a high-risk category, for severe outcomes to covet 19. This includes those over 65 and those with underlying medical conditions, as well as those with immune compromised. If you can't stay home, then please practice the diligent social distancing. Physical distancing, maintain that 2 meter distance from other people avoid large gatherings, wash your hands frequently coffin to your Snee into your sleeve sneeze into your sleeve. Take these precautions at all times by practicing social distancing by staying home as much as you can we're going to interrupt the transmission of this virus. We're going to reduce the the peak of this outbreak. I encourage all Manitobans to continue access, credible information about covet 19 visiting our website at motto, but see a backslash covet 19 and again, thanks to all Manitobans who have stepped up in our fight against this virus, we're going to continue our social distancing messaging and if we work together, we can really reduce the impact of this virus on our communities. So thank you very much. El Paso to Lynette, so I just want to begin by acknowledging our people who are involved in long-term care and elderly care, the families, the workers and the residents themselves. The the changes that have been made are really disruptive and we understand that families who are used to visiting their loved ones, who are not able to now families who are often a key part of the care team, are not available as they were. So we just want to acknowledge and express our understanding that these aren't easy times. They won't go on forever, but right now it's important to protect such a valuable population that is at a higher risk so for the families. Thank you for the staff who are being required to to pick up the pace. I guess in a way, without those families there to support and the volunteers, but also just I, know personally making sure those residents feel supported and loved for the residents. You know it's one thing to have the physical contact, but that social connection is really important, emotionally mentally and cognitively for them. So I applaud everyone, who's trying to find different ways to connect with their loved ones, whether it's just by phone or using iPads, virtual skype and things like that. It's it's a difficult time and we understand- and we are just grateful for everyone- the families, the workers and the residents themselves for going through this with us. I also just want to acknowledge some really heartwarming initiative in recent days that will put on our social media in oak bank or sorry Oak Lake Community School, which is west of Brandon. The students launched a rainbow of Hope campaign to help seniors stay positive, as they managed, with social distancing and in Portage la Prairie I think it was earlier this week, kids showed up to build snowmen in front of Lyons Prairie Manor, and if you look on our social media, it's quite adorable, because the even the snowmen are socially distant. So it's cute and it's outside the windows of the residence. So very nice, and thank you for the wonderful gestures. Please keep them coming. Those are the kind of things that we need, while we're going through this time so unto operational matters, so Portage la Prairie and Eric's Dale opened their community testing sites. Yesterday, in, in their first day of operations, Portage la Prairie tested, 19 people and Eric's Dale tested 6 pine Falls had an unofficial opening soft-launched yesterday at a coal power view and they tested 18 patients and that site will officially open on Monday with hours from 9 till 4 and as a reminder, these are not walk-in clinics. A referral is prior to going there an update on Dyna care. So yesterday, work began with them cleaning up the backlog of people to let them know that for sure that they were covet 19 negative. So this is relentless but necessary work and we have I think they went through yesterday 800 reports they called in and just cleaning that up so as the lab tests increase. So will those phone calls to people so expect to hear more calls back from them on Monday? If you haven't already what else I think? That's mostly it. We did get a comment from one of them things to keep themselves busy. They are taking on new projects and healthier lifestyles, trying to keep a proper diet and exercise, which is all great, but we are hearing that some patients are taking on some projects that they maybe haven't before, including power tools, so they there's some injuries happen. So we're still investigating many of these new cases. Up to now, we've seen that all of our cases are either directly connected to travel or directly connected to known existing cases. So for that, as long as we are linking them to known transmission chains, then we're not seeing that sustained community based transmission. We know that more as more and more this virus is introduced into the province, the more likely it is that we're going to start seeing that community transmission, we don't have the sustained transmission as of yet yesterday and I want to do people just clear up some confusion. Some people saying there's too many people in the park: sanika cakes, it's not fat, prolonged exposure to other people, if you're just passing by them, just fill it up communication about what is okay, what we should keep in mind if you are heading to a busy location market, an opinion, that's right, so the we definitely want to reduce crowds so that numbers down to ten so crowded events, public events where we do want to keep those below ten getting out and staying active I think is important. But if you're, if you're, finding that the parks or trails are getting crowded, where you're around a number of people, you might want to think about. Turning back and ensuring that you can keep that two meter distance between people at all times, that's the that's. The best advice, certainly being outside is a is a good idea. It's a lower risk being out and about, but if you're noticing that group sizes are getting large, I would advise turning back and finding another place to be outside. Yes, we're lab is connected well nationally, connected within the province, so they've looked at a number of ways to increase their capacity and there's a number of innovative things going on right now. The issue is up to now. Is that reagent? So it's not lab capacity. That is the that is the rate limiting step. It's the reagent, so there's there's lots of capacity in other places, but they would have the same issue with obtaining that reagent. So we're the labs looking and the lab has increased. Its capacity came up with innovative strategies to increase to where we are now well connected nationally well connected within a province. So they're constantly looking at ways like this yeah they're a different type of ventilator, but they could be used in certain situations. Absolutely I'm. Trying to just off the top of my head, there are hundreds of operating rooms, so we haven't been keeping track of those numbers, but I would say it's in the probably around 200 just a guess, but we can. We can go back and get those final numbers for you, but we're more keeping track of our preferred type of ventilator, which is in critical care and cardiac areas. Well, if we do need them right now, I'm sorry, could you repeat the question. There's any word on the school situation right now. Well, we have we've continually looked at that situation, there's likely going to be addressed in up upcoming week, so there's more more to follow on that yeah we've ensured we've reached out to to all groups of mattawin's, including Hutterites, the you know, crowding situations within any spaces. We know as a is a risk factor, so we've been providing within them within Meishan, just like all math Tobin strategies to enhance physical distancing and so we'll continue to work with with them, with all my ribbons too, to try to find a ways to enhance the physical distancing strategies and related to that question. I'm wondering do we have any work yet on the coverage, patients where we can. You know we are at a point where we're going to start seeing that and it's and it has occurred. I don't have the official numbers we're still waiting to be able to to report on that. But as we see what we'd expect is people who are recovering at home 14 days after symptom onset, not 14 days after a diagnosis but 14 days after symptom onset, we would consider them recovered, and so you can see through our timeline we're going to expect to be able to report on a number of those going forward and those rated. We didn't have the numbers this morning from what was done yesterday. So we just continue to report what we had on Thursday, so we're gonna. Try to update that as soon as we can and post it on on our website. We don't have those numbers. Today they went through a full another phone upgrade they have hundreds of lines available and we don't have the total volumes, but we will report those as soon as we get them from the one big pre-press maluca hi Martin gonna pick um thanks me yesterday released some new details on its modeling, including some data showing that they think mitigation efforts are having a such as flattening curve. There I'm just curious about where we are in Manitoba relative to an internal modeling done and also would manage over, consider and sharing some of that as we go forward as you see I'm right. So we are working on that and we will try to get something something together. All along we've had early statistical analyses done. Certainly if we look at BC where they've had the case, you know since the end of January. We are at different points in our trajectory to to do modelling, but, but we are working on that right now. We have partners at the national level helping us, and we can, you know hopefully have some some numbers that we can share with Manitobans. In the upcoming weeks we move on to Eric at Global, News hi. This is Eric. Have we seen any more hospitalizations the past few days, more hospitalizations yeah, so I'm aware of the one currently in in ICU is what's been reported to me and we rely on those reports going through our surveillance unit, so we're going to continue to update regularly as we get those official reports in and so currently, I can report on a on a current ICU admission. So sorry that that is, there was the unfortunate death. Yesterday there was a ICU patient. This is what new, a new hospitalized patient correct. This will be our our second ICU admission. She christened the NPI, so that is operational decision with the Regional Health, Authority and I understand. There was some more conversations happening within the community about where the best site would be for a testing center, so I think those commute. Those conversations are ongoing. I think there were some concerns expressed by some community members and they just wanted to make sure that they, those voices were heard and that they had a solution that everybody was happy with. Okay, thank you. Um 102.9 Navi good morning, I just found fortunes for dr. Lewton are the three cases that were announced yesterday are lethal under investigation. At this point yeah there will be certain certain aspects that are ongoing. They would be contacted and and ensured there being isolated and in the contact investigations are ongoing. So there's many various contact investigations going on at the same time. So I can't report on any details of those three heard that to Abby and I was really excited to hear that they haven't gone through me directly, but certainly they any donations are always welcome and they can connect either through shared health or a Manitoba Health, and we would have that conversation about how we can look at what they, what equipment they have available and if we can put it to good use primary questions in a way for a reporting system. For those who see people not complying with some of these orders, the status of that that kind of review- that's right for the for the business aspect of it, it's the health inspectors. We, you know, we really don't want you to get to a point where it's the people are calling to report individuals with that. We really want to have these these orders in place. I guess they are just a an additional tool that we have to to get our messaging out to certainly allow for enforcement if necessary, but really there. Our messaging is that now's that time for Manitobans to all know the role we're all working together, we're all in this together we're escalating our messaging. But but again, this is not all about writing orders, it's not about giving fines or, or any things of this such it's about Manitobans, stepping up doing what they can to limit the spread of this virus staying home when they can and in practice, mere social distancing as much as they can. They should be strict adherence to those social distancing messages and then, as we're escalating it, we have those limits on certain businesses, certain public places. So, if need be, we can enforce it, but we don't want to get this in to where people are calling reporting their neighbors or things. I got it's just very difficult to enforce that type of response, not with any fines. We've had very proactive public health inspectors meeting with a number of businesses advising them of the requirements for them to to comply and providing advice on how they can comply in store to try to get in one last Church gathering I would say that we're we're in a pandemic and that our messaging now is that we need to to act now, and so we've we've said all along that social distancing physical distancing is not social isolation, so you want to ensure people are staying connected, especially with to their their faith-based organizations to find ways to remain connected to ensure we're connected with vulnerable groups. But right now we were trying to reduce the impact of this virus, and so it's it's causing difficulties on a number of individuals, a number of groups, but everyone's going to do their part to limit the spread of this virus. So that would include gatherings such as you just mentioned problem CDC kind of that Katherine ggb, one okay, Jeremy -, stinky Winnipeg. If you can clarify again, people calling in with questions rocks about right, so the most common symptoms are respiratory in nature. So fever and cough are very common features of this. You can have other symptoms of respiratory illness, shortness of breath. Other people describe malaise feeling very tired. The runny nose can also be an aspect so, though, that fever and cough is by far the most common, but these are all symptoms that we see as well. Yes, so we are constantly looking at those type of factors and we're going to continue to escalate our response. We're going to do what we can to to limit the impact of this virus, while ensuring that math will been still have access to necessary supply chains and and other types of necessary services. So we're we're moving forward constantly. Looking at our at our plans, but I would say again, that's no matter. Tobin should wait to see if an order applies to them. This is not about orders. This is about Manitoban stepping up to prevent the spread of this virus. So whether an order applies to you or not, you should be doing whatever you and to enact the social distancing strategies that we've been messaging now for a couple weeks. So that's the advice is that everyone has a role, know what that role could be for you and start acting. It don't wait to see if an order applies to you're, not Josh I'm Josh, Aldous, communicate son I'm wondering if the province is working on the list of businesses that consumers, the central businesses and looking at public lands other jurisdictions have and which we haven't taken anything off the table, any actions that we think would protect the health and Manitobans. So we're looking at all of those types of options, and so will will continue to message, as we know more about that. This really impacted Manitoba in terms of social distancing in self-isolation. All these types to this information check stops at the border. A lot of people actually buy these times. Most of this is about ensuring everyone's aware of our messaging, as we want to ensure we're getting that message out. We want to ensure that Manitobans know that this is a vital, it's vital to act now, and so we're gonna continue messaging, and if we have to escalate that messaging, we will. But we see examples of mass have been stepping up right at from the beginning of this and doing their part to to reduce the spread of this virus, so we're we want to ensure that our messaging escalates in an appropriate manner for the for the transmission we're seeing, but most of this is just ensuring that all Manitobans are aware of the necessity to for social distance. Another opportunity for you to share what message. Do you want the public to understand when they see your eyes like that? She put it in context or how should people? It's not kind of information on board right now, yep, and so these are the numbers that we expected to see. These are the numbers that we've been planning all along to see, and we know that we're going to expect numbers to increase over time, we're going to see, see community transmission here in Manitoba, and so it's what we've been preparing for. We know that some of these numbers today reflect a change in our reporting, where we're only reporting once a day. Some of these numbers would have been reported out in in the late afternoon yesterday due to our old reporting methods, so so for today it does seem you know larger than we would have seen if we reporting out twice a day, but this is what we've expected for and again this is not the time for fear. This is the time for knowledge, time for credible information and it's time for action right, and so, if you haven't been able to implement those social distancing strategies yet start today, it's not too late. We can interrupt the transmission starting today if everyone starts doing doing their part, and that applies to to everyone all Manitobans, all employers. We can make a substantial difference in the transmission dynamics, but we need everyone to act. I'm global views, Eric that is an American global. Why not implement a ban on on gatherings sooner than later, considering the recent spike in cases and by that I mean from adding gatherings in 50 down to 10. So with the band starts on Monday one when up start now, yeah well, my message would be the same: don't wait for an order to apply to you start social distancing two weeks ago when we started announcing the importance of it, but certainly start today. This is not about orders. This is about Manitobans, implementing actions right now that will reduce the spread of this virus. It will protect them. It will protect people around them. It will protect all so don't wait to see if order applies to you or not act today, that's those type of orders, the the federal guidance we've been. We sit frequently with our federal counterparts and other provincial and territorial counterparts. So those are all good social distancing messages. We probably won't be specifically involved in those in those categories of transport, but but the messaging is the same. That's we support that and it fits with our social distancing messages. So we work with all of our partners and our messages are our okay. We ice it multiple times a week on a special Advisory Committee of the council chief medical officers of Health and on that table as they as our federal chief medical adviser, a chief Public, Health, Officer and so we're connected. So all of these actions are you know, after a lot of consultation and we're quite working together, quite a bit at that table, so so I think we're. You know nationally. All the provincial and territories were quite aligned, so moving forward. We're gonna need the support of the federal government of all the provincial and territorial governments to continue these these strategies. Thank thank you, guys, Maddy, hello again, a bee balm is 102 9:00 p.m. now that's a gathering. Captain is 210. Effective Monday is the province more actively considering having cyber infrastructure. Either cells are brought into communities for self isolation that don't have those structures in place already like, for example, 30 communities. Well, we are working with the First Nations communities through the the federal groups, so we do have guidelines and suggestions, and we certainly are wanting to support I think each First, Nations community will need to come up with their local plans so looking at potentially schools, and how do you self isolate in the home or, if necessary, what are some alternatives that we can support as well? So we we are. Those conversations are ongoing and they're they're good conversations to keep happening and, however, we can support, we will process and proceeding now and right. So you know this virus is not the flu. There's there's, certainly differences between it from things like previous pandemics things like SARS h1n1 of 2009. We we learn a lot about our method of preparedness from some of the pandemics. In the past, we've were looking at the evidence of their social distancing strategies that they used at that time. We're learning actually from other jurisdictions right now on the strategies they they put in, and so yes, we learn from these these aspects. Certainly each pandemic is unique. This is this is not the flu this this virus, and so there's there's uniqueness on there and I think that, from the from the evidence that we're seeing in many jurisdictions, good social distancing strategies are effective at lowering the impact of this virus, and so that's that's a major thing that we're working on now. Thank you, hi boys from CBC Manitoba I'm, not sure which one of you want to take this, but have any of the previous cases done to recover. Yes right, so it's a good question and and the the short answer is yes: I, don't have official reports of that, but from our from the evidence that we have on transmission of this virus, a person who is recovering at home 14 days after the onset of their symptoms, they will be considered recovered. They were no longer need to isolate, they won't need a test of cure, they will be recovered, and so you can follow our timeline that we're going to start being able to report on recovered cases very soon.