Good afternoon, everyone welcome to today's update on covert 19 in New Brunswick Bonjour Mon bébé Avenue at mrs. Ursula covered is Nevernever Brunswick, Epidaurus Ron I'm its engineer, starship that tell Jennifer Russell it eliminates Blaine Higgs speaking on behalf of the province today or the provinces chief, medical officer of Health, dr. Jennifer, Russell and premier Blaine Higgs, dr. Russell good afternoon. Everyone the shape in the scope of kovat 19 pandemic, is changing every day and as the illness spreads and the path of contagion shifts, we must adjust our strategies to meet these new challenges. We remain focused on testing the right people, those who are at greatest risk for their own health and for the health of others. Our testing approach is being conducted in a manner that makes best use of our testing resources in a facility. Constitution a FAFSA build a test edifice, -, open person, suicide, kiss only pure risk pool ahsante Ellison T desert, not reproach a machado de pista iet, consider fashion a new permit duties in a resolutely. If cosmo possible, as conditions change, we will revise our strategies to ensure that we are doing all we can to slow the pace of this disease so that our health system will not be overwhelmed by it. Today there is an additional seven cases to announce and the breakdown is in zone, one, an individual who is aged 20 to 30, which is travel-related an individual age 60 to 7. It's travel related, an individual age 60 to 70, whose travel related. So that's in the southeast region, which is around the Moncton area and zone 2, which is in the south, near the st. John region, an individual age 30 to 40, also travel-related in zone 3. It, which is the Central West western part of the province, which is around the Fredersen region, an individual aged 50 to 60 travel-related, an individual age 60 to 70 travel-related and an individual age. 62 7 also travel-related. The advice that I have given consistently and persistently over the last several weeks still stands stay home as much as you possibly can. Otto's regional Scalia set new vodka. Lee cursory parties come to three zone earned sadegh larijani de Moncton in person, RJ entre van Atlantic FF, wash in person RJ address for Santa Susana zone, cafe a voyage in person, RJ entre, Santa, Susana dicen que FF wash zone, doula suit, division, home st. John's in person, Algie Antartica ha dong, kyun wash don't was ill Assunta West Region de Provence crush the Fredericton in person, OG ultra st. counties for Santa PFF. We are in person, audience wasn't a susana de Santi affair voyage en person audience a su Santa Susana de Santiago voyage la cosecha, continued Adani, avec, persistent, the police event en todo este a la maison, Otaka passive staying home will save lives and I know there have been questions around. What does it mean when your self isolating versus self monitoring and whether or not you can take a walk and a breath of fresh air? We do have all that information on the website. So please check the website when you're finding out which category you fall into and whether or not you can get outside to get a fresh air and whether or not you should go for a walk and things like that. As you are all aware, this advice has now: has the force of law under the emergencies act of New Brunswick I support the government for the steps that has taken, including the setting up of checkpoints at our borders, was neighboring neighboring provinces to slow the spread of kovat 19 I am aware of the seriousness of these measures and the impact they may be having on the lives of many of you, but these actions are absolutely necessary. We are acting according to defined best practices in public health and medical science. Our first goal is to identify those in our province who may have kovat 19, isolate them and then isolate those with whom they have had been in direct contact with when we put that crucial physical space between those who have kovat 19 and those who do not, we are depriving the virus of the opportunity to spread more widely. By doing this, we are improving our chances of lessening the severity of the outbreak. Pula mama, nuna, atoned oppa, Asuka - team is your actual swap last and definitive ma knee meniscus circle on to vivax a new really zone Kissimmee on the path back on tonight. The abscess show the long period at this time. We do not expect to have all of the current measures in place today, indefinitely or even until a vaccine is found. We know that the impact of these measures are not sustainable over a long time. Our intention with the immediate measures is to delay a sudden increase in cases that would overwhelm our healthcare system. Other jurisdictions and other countries have successfully been able to lift measures after a certain point and return to a state of close to normal economic and social activities. We anticipate being able to move in that direction at some point in time and it is dependent on how successful the current measures are over the course of the next weeks and months. Our planning processes currently revolve around what and when we will be able to change and adjust with respect to the measures. Currently in place, please do not lose hope. We are all working very hard together to be able to get back some semblance of normal life for all New Brunswickers, while awaiting a vaccine and viable treatment. This is why those who are returning from outside the province must isolate themselves for 14 days from the date of their arrival in New Brunswick. If they have unknowingly brought the virus with them, self isolation will allow for symptoms to emerge without endangering the general public. We have asked that people monitor their symptoms and call eight one one if they show the tell-tale signs of kovat, 19:00 coffee fever and difficulty breathing, but I want to stress that if you are experiencing symptoms of kovat 19, regardless of how recent your travel history or recent potential contacts, you must act as though you have COBIT 19. Don't wait for a test result to put yourself in isolation for at least 14 days avoid contact with those outside your home. To date, these cases have been confirmed to be related to travel, but, as I said, this is a dynamic situation which is changing rapidly. It is now clear that in several provinces there are clusters of kovat 19 cases contracted through community transmission, and these are cases where the chain of contagion cannot be readily identified or traced back to travel. We will adjust our strategies to meet this chanc changing reality. Our testing will shift to protect our resources to ensure proper treatment for our vulnerable populations. Once community transmission is found, we start testing the symptomatic health care workers and staff of long-term care facilities in prisons, hospitalized patients with bharat ori symptoms, with no alternative diagnosis, residents of long-term care facilities and other vulnerable communities symptomatic workers required to maintain critical infrastructure and symptomatic travelers from outside New Brunswick. This will be based on resources available to perform testing, be it human, technological or consumable, and for the need to provide results in a short amount of time again. This is only once we see community transmission. These are the groups that will be given priority testing new Devon professionals, it wanna le proven arab Epperson de jelly person fell, SLG owned a problem de santa Sujatha, new devon protege, no Tavares on CL circum at la santé, a risk Taleggio paseo de canoe, pretty on continually shows a new met, sulla down a VAR ax, a toot Liz, o Tennessee state de la vie, a new Devon protege de trabajar de sitio de la santé swanny person, Keanu savoir faire le Devo Devo malli poovu, so V la vie, si vous tombé pas vu seafood home ba grab my Malad new Pavoni arrived a lot revile completed a pass panel capacity on DVD candy video neon tank associate e. We must protect our most vulnerable citizens, the elderly, the frail and those with underlying health conditions. We must protect our essential workers, those who put in their own health, who put their own health on the line every day to make sure we can continue to put food on our tables and maintain the necessities of life, and we must protect our healthcare workforce and- and I just want to mention that vitality and horizon have been working very, very diligently, along with our partners at Department of Health and other government organizations, to really make sure that this is one of the utmost priorities, because these are the people who are going to look after us throughout this entire event. The people whose skills and dedication may save your life, if you become gravely ill. These are the people we need to protect along with the essential workers. So we can do this, it's not beyond our capabilities and individuals or as a society. The outbreak of Cova 19 may be stressful for people in communities. Again. This is going on for weeks and perhaps months at this time. So we really want to make sure that, during the course of the next months that people with fear and anxiety and and really disrupted, households and family life and rhythm and routine in their life, this kind of overwhelming stress can cause strong emotions and adults and children. We want those people to be able to access help, so there is help available at the Kids Help Phone. So you can talk to text six, eight, six, eight six, eight! You can call 1 800 662 help crisis phone cheemo helpline 1-866-563-4703 self-care during stressful situations, will help your long-term healing. This will not be over soon, but I'm convinced that New Brunswickers can get through this, as we have gotten through so much adversity in our past. We will get through this together. Thank you very much Elsie good afternoon Bonjour as a spray of : 19 continues around the globe. This outbreak is impacting new brunswick residents and citizens significantly right now. Layoffs in new brunswick due to the pandemic are estimated to be between 25 and 30 thousand individuals. We will have a better idea of exactly what the number is in May when statistics Canada releases a more detailed report, we're facing a situation, unlike anything we have experienced before and I, want to reassure New Brunswickers that we are acting swiftly to help families with their immediate needs and to bridge the financial gap for employers. Earlier this week we announced we will provide an income supplement support program for workers who have recently become unemployed the fastest on face our own situation, so proceed on a GTN arrey arrey, the population de novo Brunswick canoes Gaeseong, rapid Moon offender de Rais Femi satisfied lube as well: immediate FN, dicamba, calm, blue locket, Phoenicia, poorly employer, Pluto, Satsuma news Ivana. No se que news of fear and program to suit here on revenue. Poor later al qiyamah, Purdue Lord employ, will provide a one-time income benefit of nine hundred dollars administered through the Red Cross to workers or self-employed people in New Brunswick, who have lost their job due to the state of emergency. This program will be a 4.5 million investment and, as it is introduced as a bridge before the federal program or the a program kicks in, we are also introducing amendments to provide job protection for workers, who must take a leave of absence due to the Cova 19 pandemic. This includes workers who have gotten sick are caring for family members who are sick or, in fact, or instructed to self isolate or quarantine. This will provide an unpaid leave of up to 15 weeks, allowing employees to take the time they need off work without fear of losing their jobs. As announced last week, WorkSafe anbiya will defer collection of assessment premium for three months. The current interest rate is prime plus three percent: we're reducing the interest down to zero percent to align with the three-month deferral. While the federal government has announced comprehensive measures to support employers, there are still gaps for businesses to access the working capital. They need right away to address cashflow shortages. That is why the provincial government will be providing 50 million in assistance to support our economy, keep our workers employed and help our businesses continue to operate. We will provide the bridge this bridging support to assist small, medium and large employers in the province. In the immediate term, bianca league of our own federal, a non c'est dommage, are exhaustive, offend upon a lease employer. Employer Adam called his lesson: spoiler alter please Kitano Odawa assess on phone the LUMO necessary immediate mo a local phone fast among the liquidity voila for Kuala government Parisian Fournier are insisting on the sank million dollars, sank on minion dollar offender suta near north economy, the materialism fois, the no driver- you are a daddy knows. On top, we poor sweep the activity news off. Iran's sutiya the transition Don lived, a de la petite Moya a ground on to pre de Provence. They metonym on a case-by-case basis. The province will defer loan in interest repayments for existing business loans, with government departments. For up to six months, businesses can request deferrals by contacting the department that issued to loan small businesses owners, including restaurants, seasonal tourism operators and service sectors. Impacted directly by the pandemic will be eligible for loans up to $200,000. They will not be required to pay principal under loan for up to 12 months. We will also provide working capital in excess of $200,000 to help medium to large employers manage the impacts of Cova 19 on their operations. This will apply to manufacturing and processing industries, information technology sectors, full-time tourism and tourism, service operators, business-to-business service sectors engaged in export or import replacement activities and cultural enterprises. They will not be required to pay interest or principal on their loan for up to 12 months, businesses can apply directly to opportunities, New Brunswick, for the support. We will continue to closely monitor and assess the economic situation and if additional actions are required in the future, we will respond accordingly, lays on top read through present a on demand direct mo al opportunity in Bay for obtain iya cisu tia news along continuing the survey aid aid, evaluate the situation, economic, a see, the author measures unnecessary term l'avenir new raya zero, while many businesses are facing financial hardships due to the pandemic, others have shifted their production to provide different products and services that are currently in high demand opportunities. New Brunswick will be working with the Brunswick companies to identify these opportunities and support the diversification or production wherever possible. We announced earlier this week that Public Safety officers found only 43 of the 762 business. They had checked across the province that were not complying with recommendations from Public Health I'm pleased to say that officers have since followed up with these businesses and all 43 were were found to be in compliance. These officers are continuing to patrol businesses across New Brunswick and are following up on any information they receive about potential cases of non-compliance. I want to thank all New Brunswickers, who are continuing to do their part by listening to the advice of Public Health by staying home as much as possible. Our province is under state of emergency and we must continue to comply. I want to remind your Brunswickers that we now have checkpoints set up for screening at all of the interprovincial borders. I know this is an inconvenience, but these measures are essential to protecting the runs occurs. All interferential travelers, as well as those who have traveled Internet, must self isolate for 14 days and avoid contact with others. These additional steps will help protect all nerds occurs and will help in our goal of flattening the curve. Please continue to do your part and keep everyone safe, new demand on methanol, a two-day voyage, our key arive June Otto province and seek a tooth lavage. Our key Arabian, the outer by de Soto I, saw a condom Couture or a DVT, a tooth contact, avec resort, safe measures, supplemental permit on the Protege to new Jean de nous voulons week, Sakina cetera entendre, not boo. Our planner liqueur, je vous demande SIL silver play the continued affair of author Finco to limo rusty on security mercy. Thank you now that the federal government has invoked the quarantine Act. How will this be police and importance in New Brunswick and how to do Brunswickers report? People breaking mandatory party so we'll continue to work with the federal authorities and then who becomes quarantine or not. They would notify our public safety officials. At this point, you know at all all border crossings. We we have people in place that are that are monitoring both the activity and in the client. So we would expect to get a report from the federal authorities of a particular case, and then then it would we work through that with our Department of Health and public safety. Well, I'm, not aware of anyone at this point that has that is remaining in another country, I guess: we've had people returned that are isolating now and so we're not able to come back to work or we we told them- they weren't weren't able to be here and there so, firstly, but my message at this point is that it's going to be difficult for them to to get home, and it would seem that that is they've probably already realized that they are able to - I, think connect with global global fairs in in Ottawa and actually look at alternate arrangements or possible Arrangements. We won't refuse someone entrance into that's a resident here to come back to their own tune in Brunswick, but obviously they will be directed and required to selfishly order and willing. All of the information they have over to the checkpoints have been able to continue driving through Nova Scotia, with the understanding that they was felt by yes, they will be allowed to transit through New, Brunswick and I would guess when they get to the Nova Scotia border they'll go through it all again and and then go to their home, but they will be able to when I spoke about resources. I didn't mean just the testing resources themselves, but human resources in terms of follow-up and things like that. So when we look overall at any of the approaches that we're taking it's always with that priority in mind, you know testing the right person at the right time for the right reason and as each province goes through the different phases, the pandemic, switching from travel related cases, 100% to then 50% to then it's completely shifts to you almost 100% community transmission. Eventually, we'll still have the trickle, in effect of some of the travelers that obviously with the quarantine act in place now and those people being having to quarantine when they come into the country. That's these things that are happening right now are really positive in terms of protecting the population from community spread and and continued transmission. So so right now, I'm I'm happy with how things are progressing I feel like we do again, as I said earlier, we're working really well with horizon and vitale, and our concerted efforts, as as organizations has been quite phenomenal and I didn't mention this earlier, but I meant to bring up that. Pei has a new case and we wanted to notify people in New Brunswick of that, because this person had arrived at the Moncton Airport from an Air Transat flight ts, 25:53 on March 18th and that had come from Punta Cana Punta Cana Dominican Republic. So the person did not have any symptoms while they were traveling. But my understanding is that we need to notify the public of that flight, so people people should be self isolating right now, anyway, in in New Brunswick. When they come back from another country, so just confirming and reasserting that that is what people should be doing. Oh allah spoke: epinephrine sail le our invoker Danella transid, wha I, said card, the covetous nerve say: pass person, PFF, yrg sewer of oil, cave n'ajjer, Punta, Cana, Dominican, Republic load. This with mass hysteria, Valda Air, Transat, pistol, enemy, wrote a s. Vance's sank, aqua, peace, a person yet a saucer wall. Here, diagnostic e avec Ovid is knife. A vapor you, the same compound on the voyage may on believe. Woodsy occurs, annotates feel so well, it absolutely module is on TV engine ope or supposed the the the easily Panna cottas jewel Allah reinforce week, Saturday massage he was a real estate affirmation thinking and our silly mask in Qatar mccain's. We are all sick, actuals entre via vaguely Rizzo fatality of his own de frida commencement to say mmm advance. Oh I love her honor DD, the nombre de la musica. Kiosk, a pool is a shuriken over panna cotta pant and a Mesa City shows King or disc UT beaucoup, a big tule, doodly-doo Rizzo put new silicone over the mask Alma Spinelli panda Panda me is he on a bus when the commanded oto the process, sister, a blast boom boom and a daughter, nivel nacional me down Lomond yadi yadi the call the the necessity WG, let the premiere you said yesterday that renter's should see the arrangement we can, even if you're not facing the risk of immediate expulsion. I was wondering if the government is looking into doing anything more for renters and especially people in their subsidized housing or housing. Yes matter, we are in in relation to anyone that is, is impacted, I think we're analyzing kind of the broad spectrum of of the impacts and what it means to individuals to be able to have have the appropriate shelter and have appropriate supplies and food and be able to maintain their their their current situation and and their health. So we will. We will do whatever, as I've said before, we'll do whatever it takes in any such to supplement any negative impact that people who experienced through this covert 90 know dr. Russell. Some transit unions in the region have requested that public transit services be restricted to people in essential services, particularly people that work in retail and healthcare workers in order to avoid community spread. Is that something you agree with or isn't anything that you're looking at? Those are good questions, I think that those kind of conversations should probably take place with in concert with people at the Department of Health, but it's also, there is guidance around around those types of things. As my understanding from the national public health agency of Canada as well but again I can we can we can look into that further Jordan Biggs, currently only some of the New Brunswick quarters to Quebec have blockades or checkpoints. For example, the van horn, Bridget Hamilton, has blockades and just up the road in that range in the flatlands. There's nothing set up. Why? Well, we will be expanding the activity to cover all the bridges, I guess probably at this stage we are we're getting people. You know accustomed to the checkpoints accustomed to the questions restricting the main areas of traffic flow that we would see coming into the province, but but as Public Safety review this and and and monitor traffic coming through all entry points we will. We will enhance our checkpoints as necessary, okay, but how quickly well, in our case our money is, is put forward directly as a result of the time legs that we might be seen from the federal government and in being able to have businesses. Let's say, survive this on the short term until the federal government kicks in on a longer term. So in our in looking at the 50 million dollars, I I guess, I wouldn't put so much on that on the number itself, as I would in the service that we're offering so the two hundred thousand dollars in relation to company to see that they have the ability to to continue to operate or pay their bills. We've also put a request in to the federal government that the money should flow directly to the business, to allow the businesses to maintain their employment structure and therefore you don't get into the you. You allow continuity not only to the business but to their employees and and we're waiting for that response. So our our whole analysis of the gaps has been based on kind of the where we need to fit in for either a longer-term view, but but certainly on a shorter term view. So people aren't getting through this hurdle and finding that wow I don't have any income and we certainly will increase the staffing as as required. I would guess that we're gonna find in many cases the number of regular commuters. So little time and effort will be needed to check them every day, and so the line up should automatically kind of get better. Because of that, and then you get into the checkpoint requirements for new visitors or our new entrants and and what that means. So I guess give us a you know a little time to kind of iron out where the wrinkles are. But we don't want people to be late and I won't put a timeline on it as such, but but certainly we're not looking to delay people by hours. I mean we're talking minutes here. Your many many absences sure housing is crucial to stopping the spread of infectious disease, and many in New Brunswick have lost their jobs at this time, so it was notably asked and from the budget a few weeks ago. Will you now be reconsidering affordable, housing commitments in Moncton and other areas, so certainly as as anyone who's impacted from this? This event, we're reconsidering any additional funding that is required to deal with it and and and the housing and shelters appropriate housing shelters would certainly be part of that. Well, at this point, we're looking for compliance based on the distancing and the in. You know how business that shouldn't be running if they are or not, when what we're seeing in that regard, but but I would suggest that if you know we've been given commitments from certainly the major retailers there will not be any prices increase in this time we've. Given you no commitments in relation to the the pharmacies and and I know there was questions about the you know, the 30-day prescriptions rather than a 90 day being filled and and so they're there they're looking and waiving the additional fees that would be associated with that from the pharmacy I'm I. Guess, if I learn of any price gouging and and aware that we will, we will have it investigated, we have a. We have a number set up that if people are thinking, that's real I find it very disappointing that anyone would take advantage of their friends and neighbors in a time like this, and certainly if they're in business and doing that, then likely they won't be in business. Very long I mean that my actual dates on your financial assistance for workers and businesses. The federal plan starts April big for that date. Yes, we do, and and with the Red Cross, we expect to that'll be up and running in, like maybe like tomorrow, we're dealing with them right now and they have the network so and we were able to put money to in their pockets. So so we're hoping that the the the absolute latest that we we're in business is is Monday of next week, but maybe even even this week at the end of this week. So as we have expanded, our definition of who is at risk, we've expanded it to include people who have traveled outside the province as well as outside the country. So just by virtue of doing that, we're expecting to see the numbers increase in who we're testing and the fact that we are now doing Sentinal testing in hospitals right now, we're expecting to see again our test numbers go up and we are actively looking for community transmission and once we find community transmission, then we will be shifting into testing more high-risk groups, as I said earlier, health care workers, essential workers, etc in integrated fashion, as we move stepwise through our approach. So as of right now, anybody who had been in the community who had symptoms that a physician was worried about they had had conversations with public health and they would get tested. So that's been. What's that has been the case so far and my understanding is that again with 8 1 1, they wouldn't meet that criteria, but certainly again, we have this approach in place again to test the the right people at the right time for the right reasons and those people who are most at Silas Brown global Silas, to have a question of all yeah. When it comes to the Red Cross funding, we we we want to well, certainly to get it up and running and I'm hoping that daddy gets up and running tomorrow, but certainly by Monday of this next week, the and the timeline again it's going to play with regards to when the federal program is actually up and running. You know we have concerns that that timelines going to extend. So we want ours to be that that gap to meet the needs of people when they need it and an hours will extend, is required in order to you know, complement the mercy, the the details were taking at the time of entry in terms of their place of destination, their name, their their address, their phone numbers and contacts. So public part of the public safety program is to not only have that information but to follow up with them on a continuous basis through that 14-day period to ensure that they adhere to the isolation. This questions for dr. Russell yesterday horizon said it's considering setting up additional assessment, centers and quote strategic locations. How many more centers do you think would be needed and what types of locations are best suited to prevent infection spread. So I would have to have that conversation with the RHA so again they that we have been working very closely with horizon and Vitaly Tay, so within the Department of Health. Those discussions are happening, but I don't have that information right now in terms of how how things are going to be moving forward, but the fact that they are in continuing to plan and adjust as things unfold is is very important because again we have to base our decisions on the data that we have in in real time. In terms of how things are progressing, can you tell us what would be the number you're eventually hoping to reach to the valley today? So the end goal is to protect the health care system and health care workers, ultimately to be able to manage through the different phases of the pandemic and koba 19. That's the that's the ultimate goal, and to do that, while trying to have some semblance of society and the economy being sustainable throughout. So that's the ultimate end goal saving lives, keeping people healthy, preventing community. You know extensive community spread because of the measures that are in place right now, nationally and provincially. We know that the travel related cases are going to decrease, so all the testing that we've done so far, which are over 2,000 tests and I. Think between yesterday and today we 300 those are all related to travel cases, close contacts of travelers, and so those are the numbers that reflect the highest risk in the population right now. So once the risk to the population is not amongst travelers and becomes the population of of a community transmission, then we will be shifting as as they've done in Alberta to looking at. Who are the people that we need to protect with respect to how that spread can negatively impact. The community, and by that I mean we obviously wouldn't want this transmitted throughout hospitals and healthcare workers, essential workers, people who learn and work in long-term care facilities and essential workers. So the the risk to the population will no longer be directly in the community. It will be protecting those people who work to sustain society while we go through this and so in Alberta. The direction they've gone in and the direction at the national level for other jurisdictions as well for is to again target the highest risk groups, so we're shifting from the highest risk groups being travelers to the highest risk groups, being people who protect our health and protect our essential services and protect vulnerable populations with respect to institutions. So so, at this point in time, that's the direction we're going in and, however many tests. We need to be able to accomplish that again. We have the facilities. We have the resources in place right now to ramp up. My understanding is from 700 to even a thousand tests a day if we need to, but again where we don't want to we're, not aiming to increase the numbers for an absolute number, we're aiming to increase the numbers in terms of what is going to best protect the public in terms of the outcomes that we are looking for. So it's not about a thousand or 700 or 600 is about. What's the number that's necessary to test the people that are most at risk, my question is for the preacher and the story is a connection for my soul. I didn't care this part. Really, please correct me uh. What is that I believe it was the $900 supplement. When does that start? We are rolling it out now. So, as applicants come in we're ready to distribute that yeah as people come it that's right tonight now, whether we'll have any actual check go up for the first of the week, but as we get clients now coming forward, where we're in a position to to start rolling with it. Thank you. We advocate for refugees that says refugee claimants earned some titles to the programs, including the monthly two thousand dollar payment announced Wednesday by the prime minister. Meanwhile, they're reporting delays and obtaining yeah I would say they. Yes, the short answers, as we will any anyone, that's here in our province right now that that would have otherwise been been working or had an opportunity to work, but is not allowed to do so because of this health crisis, we would be looking to ensure that they are protected as well. That concludes today's update on covert 19 in New Brunswick. Thank you very much. Voila kima, fair and not mrs. Rizzoli. So the covered is knife or never burns victim Elsie.