Good evening and thanks for joining us, the World Health Organization has now confirmed what many epidemiologists have been saying for weeks. The corona virus is a pandemic. There are now more than 120,000 known cases in 114 countries, but it's not the word pandemic. We should focus on, says the w-h-o. It's preparation, public health and political leadership, because all experts agree. This is going to get worse the dangers of using a word. If people use it as an excuse to give up- or if people see it as something that grows fear, it is not the time for countries to move towards mitigation only unless and until they are not in a position to affect the course of the epidemic and try and stop this organism. The difficulty is that if you do not try and suppress this virus, it can overwhelm your health system in Canada. There are now more than 110 known cases of kovat 19, including a doctor in Ontario who treats cancer patients, and today, for the first time the Health Minister gave an estimate of the number of people in this country who could become infected. I would say that it's safe to assume that it could be between 30% of the population that acquire the Cova, 19 and 70% of the population. This seems to be an acceptable range. I realize it's a large range, but that is actually what what is our best guess. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced a 1 billion dollar response fund. Today it includes money to buy health supplies and to support people who have to stay home from work more on that in just a moment in Italy, where cases are still spiking, there are drastic new restrictions tonight the Prime Minister has ordered all businesses to shut down, except grocery stores and pharmacies. The number of cases is growing quickly in Spain, France Germany and the UK tonight. Hungary has declared a state of emergency and India today put tight border controls in place and cancelled all tourists and business visas, Christel commencing on the global response to this pandemic. My right, honourable friend, the health secretary, is working around the clock to protect from the UK to Germany to vatican. City leaders are addressing the rapid spread of the new coronavirus and its impact on health and daily life. The Bank of England's actions today comprise a timely and powerful package to support UK businesses and households in order to bridge a temporarily difficult period. The lending rate reduced back to its record low of one quarter on budget day is a bit of financial comfort. We saw a large chunk of the budget earmarked for that purpose. Twelve billion pounds set aside to help with the economy with businesses and, of course, the fact that so many people, potentially a fifth of the workforce, could at some point be off because of the virus. The German Chancellor also warning of hard times ahead. Community saying the population has no immunity and no therapy exists, then 60 to 70 percent of the population will be infected. It took Connor Reed, a British man who lives in Wuhan China about a month to recover from Copa denied teen. It's not like, if the euro, to use soft my lung capacity and every website, so it wasn't enough and I just couldn't yes enough and also it sounded like I was at least a paperback Italy's Health System is overrun. Roughly nine hundred people are in critical care. According to the World Health Organization's, dr. Mike Ryan. The fact is right. Now: in countries we have frontline health workers who need our help. We have hospitals who need our support. We have people who need our care and we need to focus on getting our frontline health workers, the equipment, supplies and training. They need to do a good job, while countries such as Italy and Iran are in the middle of the battle elsewhere. The impact of kovat 19 is just beginning: Christel commencing Global News London. Here's where we're at with confirmed cases in Canada. There are 46 in BC where a man died at a nursing home. Two of the new cases. There are health care workers from that home. There are 41 cases in Theriault 19 in alberta, 4 in Quebec and New. Brunswick now has a presumptive case of kovat 19. The first in Atlantic Canada of greatest concern is a doctor in Ontario an oncologist at Hamilton health sciences, the woman in her 30s tested positive after travelling from Hawaii on Saturday. She treated 14 cancer patients on Monday. Shortly before getting the positive test. She plus five staff who work in the clinic and three other doctors are now in self-isolation and one of the passengers from the Grand Princess cruise ship has tested positive. The person is among the 228 passengers under quarantine at CFB Trenton. They had past initial screening in California, but this person had a mild fever and cough when they got to Trenton and are now being kept separate from other passengers. Today, the federal government ramped up its response announcing a billion dollar package of new measures. David akin explains what the money will be spent on David. Well. Half of the new billion dollar fund is earmarked for the provinces, money that can be used to buy health care equipment or support mitigation efforts. Another 275 million will be spent on vaccine and other kovat 19 research. The rest is for indigenous communities and for public health authorities. We are pulling out all the stops to make sure Canadians stay safe, healthy and supported. The federal government is also waiving the one week waiting period for employment insurance benefits, and that means anyone who has to stay home from work can qualify for immediate AI assistance. Employers can use enhanced work, sharing programs, no one should have to worry about their job. If they have to be quarantined, no employer should feel like they have to lay off a worker because of the virus. We can support you and we will, but critics say more could be done. What's missing in that plan is anyway, to help out workers who want to stay home from work because they're not feeling well and don't have access to e aí. We certainly think that there's still a lot of unanswered questions that two Canadians will have not only about this package but about the the entire corona virus and what it's, what it means for Canadians now Trudeau also said that, even though Canada has been relatively lucky so far, federal and provincial health authorities are preparing for the worst for a sharp spike in Canadian cases, Donna and David we're hearing from multiple public health experts that we need to undertake serious mitigation now, meaning reorganizing our lives to limit who we come in contact with. Did the Prime Minister talk about that boy? He was asked a lot about that today, but right now the Trudeau government has no intention of restricting freedom of movement or restricting gatherings. Instead, Trudeau expects Canadians to voluntarily make those small changes to their daily lives to keep their families and their communities. Safe. Ottawa also has no plans to ban travelers coming from kovat 19 hotspots like China or northern Italy, but Trudeau did say this. He said the government will soon have some new rules for cruise ships that dock at Canadian ports that'll come in the coming days. Donna, okay, David akin and Ottawa Thanks. Well, we know you have lots of questions about this virus starting tomorrow we will answer. Some of them are Jeff. Symbol has consulted experts and will join us, and you can send your questions to your questions at Global. News CA on our website. You'll also find a special page dedicated entirely to the new coronavirus. That's at Global News, CA, /, coronavirus.