Good afternoon- and these are our daily updates- so they're gonna be bit briefer. We think more time for questions on that, and so since yesterday we continue to work at a number things at our command table issues. They come forward ongoing things around laboratory testing capacity issues around that. We continue to look at ongoing reports of other supply issues, something's moving something's moving slower, but always progressing in a positive direction. We continue to look at a number of aspects related to the declaration and roles of essential staff and other sites that are maybe not specific and how to clarify some of those. We continue to deal with some of those aspects and at the same time, we continue to get monitoring from the global perspective from the United States working again with our FPT federal provincial territorial partners, from our special advisory committee and, of course, talking to our local mo h's at the local health units on how things are going there and updates on the processes working with our command table on assessment sites, hospitals, other centers and long-term care and retirement homes and all those aspects there. So there's many things. Moving as we continue to ramp up and deal with it so from the numbers standpoint in that, so now we're pins of your target. We started with the school closures last Friday Thursday Friday. Of course a lot of the restrictions came in on Monday. So where are we one day? You need to say from one day it's a five or six and the other that's day three, and that and I think that's important to note as we track along so I trying to give a sense of how we're doing yesterday, you're asking that we had just nine more cases added that was at that time in the morning. So dr. Yaffe is going to give you an update of some of those numbers as they are today and you were gave some more numbers or updated the evening report for you, so we're trying to move it from there so over to you, dr. Yaffe, for the Ontario numbers. Thank you. So, as of this morning, we now have a total of 212 cases, confirmed cases in Ontario still the five resolved and, as you know, the one person who's deceased. We have over 10,000 negatives and over 3,000 that are under investigation, so the number that are going to the lab are going up is going up quite quite quickly. The good news is the lab capacity is going up. We have the public health Ontario lab itself has increased its capacity to test per day, and we have a number of hospital labs coming on. That will eventually increase our capacity to 5,000 tests a day, so most the vast majority of our cases still are related to travel outside of Canada or contact with a case, a very small number, where there hasn't been a connection made with those and, of course the health units continue to do their investigation so and we're working very hard. I have to say to figure out the best way to present the data, considering that the numbers are going up quickly and the situation is rapidly evolving and, of course, seeing the international numbers and right now we're mostly watching to see what's happening south of the border and their cases are 6330 - as of this morning and 107 deaths, so those numbers are are changing considerably each day and it's interesting also to see that the European total or the countries outside of China equal China at this stage with cases in that, so the other ones are working their way through with especially the numbers are concerned in Italy and the ongoing ones in other countries in the EU, as you heard, some messaging we're waiting to get some definitive messaging on any changes in border from the federal government in there and get that Definity from our chief Public Health Officer I haven't received them as at the time conference. In that regard. I know he had questions on that yesterday and right now we had left it with some Canadians and Americans, but we hear there might be some updates and but I said I'm officially waiting for updates from our federal counterparts on that matter. In that so I think we get a sense, or my sense is that Ontarians have taken this seriously. Many are limiting activities, there's always some who do something different a little bit but I think for the most part, I walked around and seeing the streets, because I have to get down to the command center and I think people are listening and taking care and I want to encourage them to keep at that, as they were in day three of you may of the total and from from the parents with the children at home. It's obviously seem like a more in the long weekend and they're trying to deal with those issues in there and I really am encouraged by all the different groups, both volunteers and companies and media that are come in with ideas to help. People I, guess, try and make social isolation, sociable and liveable on that, and because it is a change for a lot of people. It's not easy and some face more difficulties than others, especially we're dealing with limitations on certain facilities and we're trying to understand work with that. As best we can and to maintain the the controls we have in place. The social distancing as we wait for we hear large numbers of Canadians returning, especially for himself at the border, and we hope to enter them into the monitoring and isolation process and keep them advised continue using our self-assessment tool and our assessment. Centers are the numbers of assessment. Centers have been expanding and continue to do so and we're having consultations also with our partners in federal government in that and with indigenous and First Nation communities on how we might strategize to deal with their unique issues. If and when they might occur on a proactive basis, so that's been important as well in that so I think there's many things happening and planning and preparation in that and, as we said jazz of yesterday, we still had that one unfortunate death and we're continue to monitor, see if there's any other ones of issue are trying to get some databases clear on. Can we have updates of how many are hospitalized accurately and other kind of information that so we keep trying to look at our data report and how we can make sure we're doing it in a timely fashion? That's informative to you in the media and to the public at large on how is the whole thing going, so we're working on that at this time. So with that looking for questions I think. Is there a time limit? Yes, go ahead, I just you mentioned the testing and that we would shortly get to 5,000 tests a day. Can you you say when that might be, will it be a week? Will it be two weeks and how many tests are being done a day? Currently, you know I can't actually say exactly when we'll be up to 5,000, hopefully soon I, don't know the exact date. I think we're doing just under a thousand right now a day, and this this five resolved cases. It stayed at five for quite some time now, I think two weeks. What does that tell you and is that concerning? Well, actually, we've been working with public health Ontario and looking at the literature, as we learn more and more about this new infection in terms of, when is a person no longer infectious to others and looking at criteria that hopefully will not require lab testing because, right now we very strict criteria. They have to have two negatives specimens at least 24 hours apart and we're looking at changing two criteria, so that I'm sure a vast majority of our cases have recovered. We just haven't, they haven't met the criteria, so we're looking at changing that yesterday you say people who don't have symptoms shouldn't get tested, but unless anything's changed you know the people can still be positive, but not have symptoms, and they can still be infectious sure. Isn't it just best to cover all bases and test everybody, or is this just like an infrastructure that you don't have enough to do that? We keep asking our experts at public health Ontario and are also with public health agency of Canada, and the stance is still if there are some people that are asymptomatic if they are shed and it's not much at all, and so therefore they don't seem to be of concern for infectious rates at this time at least the science indicates that we continue to be advised by those experts as they continue to the research right now. If you were more concerned, when you develop symptoms, then you've obviously had general system impact by the virus and you're probably replicating quite a bit and you're reproducing more and potentially secreting a lot more so I think we'll continue to be directed by our Ontario and national and international experts. If there's any change in that significantly I know, there's many people have some reports. They think so, but one of the challenges they have there when they think they found someone asymptomatic, is that you're looking at bits and pieces of RNA in their nasal pharyngeal tract it may be vibrant or may not one or two, because a very sense of tests does that mean they're highly infectious or you just happen to find it, and this may seem like wordsmithing, but that's what the science gets down to and their interpretation and we have to wait for the experts to come back and say. Is there been any change in that right now to test everybody just because they want to get tested? We don't have that capacity. We want to make sure that we have the capacity to test those who really do need testing and to do it in a timely fashion, because, especially for some in some clinical edie and inpatient side, they need to know fairly quickly, there's some other unique situations that we do need to know, because it affects your public health response or, in the previous case, the clinical response. So some have a need to need more than others and they need to have it not held up, because there is processing time they need to be expedited through the process, because it has further impacts. Dr. Williams, actually I'm, not sure if it's for you or for dr. Jaffe, but in regards to I'm social distancing at workplace, is given at some of the recommendations you've issued as well as the emergency orders from the premier and from cabinet. Our employers in workplace is required to bring in some sort of social distancing within their workplaces if, for instance, they have more than 25 50 people in a in a space. And what do you say to employees who might be afraid to speak up about that side of the situation? Well, we've asked and I know the Primera's very pause about that retailers and company and owners would only want what's best for their staff. I think we're asked them to work with that I found a number of employers have already taken steps to do so. Try to work from home, school or virtual methods distances you can do it. Will they be ones that may not adhere to that? There could be and I guess we'll have to understand how we might be appraised of that or be aware of that and make some suggestions. We haven't gone to any further extension to actual workplaces per se. It doesn't mean that the premier, with the order and the cabinet, could not go there if they felt as need to they didn't go there yet, but I guess: they'll have to be informed by feedback and a situation that the government is appraised of our employers, who do not provide social distancing at work. Are they actually violating was not in the order right now that the workplaces per se were not in the order in that? But, as the premier said, and as the minister said, they can amend those and add more on as they see the need to. Yes, I think it's free talking a through, probably about ten I've heard some concern from family doctors in particular that they simply do not know what they are supposed to do with a patient who presents to them with the symptoms Kove in nineteen there it's unclear how they get them referred for testing in terms of the messaging, that's being it seems to be very inconsistent messaging, coming either from the health ministry or the Ontario Medical Association, or their College Physicians and Surgeons. What should a family not for do in this in that situation? Well, that's not good to hear actually I think the we have been working very closely with the Ontario Medical, Association and I know they have sent out many communications to physicians and, of course, if the physician is unsure, they should be contacting the OMA. They can contact us, but I think the OMA would be able to give them more of a clinical answer. I mean my husband's a family doctor and certainly doesn't ask me for advice, but anyway, you know I think that the bottom line is that we want them to see less patients. They can do it more virtually and if they're concerned, the patient can also do the self assessment tool online. But if they're concerned they can send the patient to an assessment center and I think that information is available to them. So hopefully they're not seeing it money patients with a question of code that they should be sending them a thing about sending them to the Assessment Center is seems to be the crux of the concern that I'm hearing is that it's unclear how you refer someone to investment center is: are you supposed to phone? The Assessment Center give them a referral when how does a person get seen at an Assessment Center? Well, I'm, assuming the patient can call themselves the doctor can call, but you know we will look into that. I. Don't know this health yeah! You can go through and tell how we're trying to look at we're staffing up considerably with another 140 odd nurses added to it, so we're trying to improve that we're trying to improve the overall flow of that information, so that we'd like to use a self-assessment tool first in that- and that gives you advice where to call is there loads an each section that's slowing down is there is? Is that acceptable? No, it isn't. How do we fix that and resolve that? We need to do that, we're working at that as quickly as we can, because the people shouldn't be left, especially, it was just returning what am I supposed to do, what advice and that and the physicians, of course, if they're not tied into the system, they're asking whether and what am I supposed to recommend as you've alluded to we're, trying to work with you all May on that one there. So the flow of requests like we said the self-assessment two went out Sunday evening by midnight had ninety four thousand hits. So the demand and request for information is extensive overwhelming. So we have to keep trying to meet that and because, if they're not informed and they won't be making the right decisions, so we're trying to look at all the system, improvements throughout to make it more efficient, effective and I would say timely for people to contact. So the time delays right now in our minds and in minds of telehealth noise is not acceptable. So we have to rapidly look at trying to improve that and things for colleagues yeah I just want to follow up. One thing here is: if I feel like I have to send somebody out there listening watching has feels they have the symptoms. What do they do in terms of getting to a self assessment center? Do they just show up? Do they have to see their family doctor? Do they need some sort of well? First, they should try if they can't get out of this, try to implement the self-assessment tool which is on our website, which will help them direct what to do and if it says, call telehealth, it should call telehealth Asia, they really shouldn't call their own doctor and they can call the Assessment, Center and say I'm coming I think the assessment centers strongly prefer somebody makes an appointment because they don't want people lining up. That's not a good situation. All right, I, had kind of a tough question relates to some a lot of emails I'm getting from readers. What do you do if, if you've got someone in your house, who's come back from foreign travel and it's asymptomatic and a self isolating? Do you have to self isolate too and then a quick follow? Okay, so we've got different scenarios, so a person who's traveled and during symptomatic they've known, they have to limit their social activities that isolate not go out except you know if they had to go out and grab something they could by supposed to stay in the house and or out and around then go for a walk if you're living with them. Where do you have to self ice lake to know you don't because you're you're not connected now, you need to monitor now, if that, if your partner whoever's in the house you're with develop symptoms, then they do they do the self assessment tool, so they then become potentially a person under investigation because they have a travel history or it could be a personality case contact. They know and they develop symptoms, then are they going to be tested or they get tested? Yes or no, a case that to go through the process, while they're going on I have to assume that person could be a potential case that affects me that I have to do then some more further monitor myself, because I could be a contact that case I still. Can do my normal activities I'm not really attached yet to a case, but I have to go on the pretense that they could be a case and I'd rather say after 24 hours when I got the test wheeled back during that time, I did not go out. I didn't do this this this, so I did what I was supposed to do, because I'm now connected to a case, I'm like my partner, was in that sense we're doing a comparison because they had a travel history. Now I have a case. Contact history and I have a new status. That's at Sage, just a quick follow-up to that is what is the recommended for treatment who think they're positive but have not been tested? I'm assuming treat yourself as if for the flu, and if you have trouble breathing, then that's when you need to get to the ER. Is there anything more well I mean bill? Is that a good medicine, because there's some debate out there, where at good could have some side-effects or some troubles well, I mean it's symptomatic relief right, it's just like. If you have the flu or something so if you're coughing it takes something for your cough. If you have a fever, you take something to reduce your fever. You know, keep up your fluids, get some rest. You know eat healthy, all the things you're supposed to do normally, but if you're starting to feel it trouble, breathing that that's quite serious or high fever, that's not going down with medication or you're, just feeling really sick and weak. You should you know either try the online assessment tool or at that point call your doctor or the telehealth I've heard the report about the end Sitz versus tylenol I've asked some people are. What's your view of that? It's just one article someone wrote on: what's the foundation of it, so anything that's out there. We try to look into and see if there's some merit to it. This question we're getting contacted by nurses. It's contact several times. Ambulances pick people up, they're wearing full PPE or the full gown and then they're coming to the emergency room and they're wheeling the patient into the emergency room wearing everything. The nurse that receives out the staff that receive it, don't even wear a mask. Is that correct? Is that protocol should that change and it may be protocol? But you can tear that you can see the fear factor there, so the the protocol, why the analyst drivers do it if they go out and pick up someone who's had supposedly, but they don't know what they had and it may be they've heard in the report in there having a respiratory issue, so they have to assume they don't know what the cause is. It could be airborne as in measles or tuberculosis, or things like that. So that's part of their protocol because you have to assume the worst situation if they feel an assess that they're bringing in a person with unknown respiratory infections case coming in, they have to call ahead of the hospital they should receive that patient accordingly, with proper PPE for the staff. So that's part of the notification if they think they're bringing in a potential respiratory case, especially they think it might be Colvin or some other respiratory infection, then because the hospital staff also can't be sure what it is until testing is done. Those staff receiving that patient or gonna have that have to wear proper protection similar and until they know once they know it's covered, then they can say well. The direction is it's droplet spread, then under the direction and given out it would take certain steps at that time. Until you know you have to assume that you don't know, and you have to take proper precautions and make sure that person goes into an isolation type set up and the staff going to see that person until the assessments done are properly protected, if not from several nurses receiving a patient after the the ambulance, the EMS is wearing proper PPE. They shouldn't be taking in patients whether you've been a master. We have to make sure the institution each one except the protocol is properly and they're following it. Those are standard, iPAQ principles. Antonella. Then we have to go to the phone lines. I'm. Sorry. Are there any exclusions to the self-quarantine rule after traveling for frontline workers, paramedics, anybody, long-term care staff? Anybody right now we're reviewing that matter and the various institutions are looking for communications out from my office to give directions on that matter. It'll be forthcoming. Ok. This is why the supply shortage I mean how equipped is a terrace health care system to deal with this, because we know it's only sometimes you're going to get worse with more cases coming forward. So how equipped is the province for this? Okay? So that's the command table and with Ontario health and with the reason was so. How is each region doing what's the status limiter, because each one is equipped differently and so you're asking a variety of different institutions? Are they equipped to respond to a variety of different things in a variety of different ways, so the each one has to do their own assessment, their own operation procedure? We call it coop plans, continuity of operations. What are you going to do in Scenario, they B or C? Are you prepared and then how we're gonna prepare the system for that? How we're going to reallocate as the minister talked about? Are we gonna look at some different sites and locations? This is all first a institutional response. Then you look at a regional response and then you look at a system response. So the answer is all the above are important, but H is as good as the strengths of each small part. Everyone has to do their part of Nonis assessing their current status and what are you gonna do in in a and B and see if things, progress and how's the region going to respond, and then how prevents liver donors we have to get to the phone lines? No, just remember not to put your phone on speaker. One question: one follow-up next question is from Maura Warburton at Reuters hi. So my question is: is the testing holdup syllabus vlogs or is about something else? I'm? Sorry, it's gonna answer dairy my phone, the setting yep. Can you ask the question again? Please, oh sure, can you hear me is the holdup about swabs or is it about something else? If I understand the question is the testing capacity about? Is that what you're, asking I think some hold up? I heard? Something sorry: is the testing hold up about swab about worried about something else, the testing? Well, we, the number of tests pending, is one of there's a load issue and processing. That's one aspect: the other aspect is the time we're trying to open up our satellite centers to take that load on and the other one is. We got to make sure all the different components. You've got your equipment at your sites. You got your reagents and you've got your staffing demand, those as well as the swabs, and we working with our federal counterparts. We understand, there's some potential large orders coming in and they're doing distribution, but we're going to be informed on that. So we have been in dialogue because each one of those is important parts of the system performance in the labs. Okay, very quick follow-up! Please- and do you have a sense of when that capacity will be at full volume, the five thousand a day we keep asking our Public Health lab people on that knowings. We get one part done. You have to get all the components. So when we have all the swabs, we need all the reagent we need and all the equipment and other sites up will be at that five thousand and there's a number of moving parts there. So I can't tell exactly when that'll be. They had anticipated in two to three weeks back a week or so ago, so I'm still interesting. We moved up increased some volume and we'll keep increasing that up on there. So there's a lot of moving parts there, but that's our that's. We're heading towards question is from Jeff great at The, Globe and Mail, the Minister of Health, this issue of health care workers who, if they weren't healthcare workers, should have been self isolating after they came back from travel, told not to you, said, you're working on some new guidance about that, and will it involve some sort of tracking of where this process took place to see? If there's any any problems that results on it? Okay, just the last part, was the tracking of well. Will you trap? Will you be able to track where which hospital did allow people to come back? Oh well, that's the thing we find different hospitals have done different things, so there's a sense from the command table. We need to put out a communication doubt ask everybody to follow the same processes, so that's we're hoping to put together and send out so there isn't this variation from site to site and it's much more consistent, so we're trying to remedy that problem. That's our current stance and we're going to work there, a command table to say how that's going to be affected because there's different issues involved in HHR at the hospitals. We want to understand that. So again, that's part of our communication on a go-forward basis. Next question from AB City News hi, there I'm wondering so recently a group of health care professionals in Ontario, sent a letter saying or asking governments for Kovac 19 protection, saying they don't have access to necessary personal protective equipment. What's your response to that, my response that, if they're in one of those centers and that they should approach the regional planning tables in that and or through their organization, I'm, not sure if you're talking about actual institutional people, you're talking about private you're talking about a clinical group, there's a variety groups out there. We would ask that they approach the regional table to see about that issue per se. If it is a system-wide thing with a certain group that is a pan Ontario group that needs a decision, that's something to look forward to our command table. But we've been trying to work through at our regional tables to look at those local needs and see how they can be dealt with a quick follow-up. Do we do we know how many healthcare professionals, including nurses, have been tested for the virus, yet how many healthcare workers have been tested? Well, because the lot of them have come back as individuals and have been tested personally in that, if they have, we don't usually record their professional where they're at if they actually went through a workplace, we may know that. So no, we don't have that distinct number. At this stage. Next is Alistair sharp at national observer I'm. Just kind of someone related to that. A parent of a very vulnerable patient had have told me that home health care that her son requires she's. She asked him to use masks and they said that directions were that it wasn't mandatory and quoted something called equitable and managed distribution. I'd like to know what that is, and whether it is likely to change too to ensure that the most vulnerable patients are protected from their nurses, who could potentially be carriers, asymptomatic carriers, okay, I, think I got the context if I can get it straight, vulnerable people, if they're having I assume the vulnerable person could be in a home setting, could be in a institutional setting, a retirement home hospice or somewhere. If it's, the latter ones. Anyone who's come into. There has to pass a screening test of that without travel. History in the last 14 days, contact no one in known case in 14 days and they're asymptomatic. So therefore they should not be in if they are a any of the. If there's symptomatic travel or case, we've already answered the question about a symptomatic transmission, and our stance is still that well from experts, we do not have the evidence that they are transmitting. Why they're asymptomatic. If you're talking about someone in a private home in that situation, there I would ask that the family we've asked them the the vulnerable people, especially a certain agent over that they would continue to stay in their home. I. Think visiting a family members are visiting one. You would want to make sure you did your own assessment, which is, if you travel last 14 days. Don't visit, use computer visit to a face time if you have been in contact with the case, don't visit till 14 days after and you're asymptomatic or if you're sick, don't visit either and so you're doing your own assessment for the protection of your loved one and your family member and try and use other virtual methods. If it's really vital and you need to get in there, then you're gonna have to have a unique challenge of how you might do that in that situation on an institutional setting. That's one thing: a home setting is a different one: okay, quick follow-up, yeah separately, the Minister of Health, has has talked about a target of getting back. The testing results back to a 24 to 48 hour turnaround. It's currently at four days, given that there's an explosion of requests for tests and there's at least a week perhaps to it, sounds from your previous answer before there's gonna be more supply. How do you intend to bring that down in the next week or so right? That's what we're trying to look at there is, as one of the other members here asked already, is that we want to make sure we do first priority testing so that those who need to know urgently would still get it done in a timely fashion. For example, if you have a patient admitted in the hospital that you think it is, you need that test result back as quick as possible, even quicker in six hours of you could, but you've got to get the sample in there. If it's a person in an ICU- and you don't know the diagnosis, you need to know that if it's something you're considering admitting, you need to know that if it's a health care worker that potentially is a problem has been on the in some exposure. You won't know that as soon as possible, if there's some other unique ones and we're trying to work on how that works with our first nation and communities etc. So they because the unique circumstances should have a turnaround rapidly. The rest, we can do that because, if I right now, if I came back traveling from somewhere and I am I, am some symptoms sort of mild and that I'm at home, I'm coughing a bit and I get it. If I send a sample him I'm told it I, also isolate for 14 days and I'm symptom free if I get a test result back on its most isolated for 14 days, time, symptom free, so whether I know or not. Right that day, it doesn't change how I'm supposed to behave but I think from a standpoint, if I got a test, I should get informed sometime. What my result is, so the urgency is not as much but the need to get the results back is still there. We only have time for one more reporter Laura Gerson at CMA, J hi. My question is that many family doctors are telling us that they and as well as nurses and people in the community who see patients, do not have the correct protective equipment. Don't know how to get it, don't know when they are going to get it and some patients are going to bypass or somehow slip through and potentially endanger both them and their other patients, for instance, if they're treating palliative patients and they need to get in to see them. So what are you doing to ensure they have the perch protective equipment? Okay, I think I mean what we've been trying to say all along is that during the regular flu season, when there's people coming in to your practice that you're supposed to ask them it are they sick and do they have respiratory symptoms, whether it's influenza or potentially Kovach 19 you're supposed to call ahead and make that appointment and then you're supposed to either decide whether going to see them at that time or wait till later in the day when the waiting room is empty and assess, if you think that's combined with travel, history and conduct of a case, we're saying I would be better, do you say go to either call the self assessment tool called telehealth all these processes we talked before I bring them into your office practice. You put some pressure on the other patients and your system and your staff that you really don't need, because you want there's all those other patients that still need to be seen, and you don't want to interrupt your practice on that basis in that so we'd. Rather, you not try to test them there. So it's part of your pre-screening if they're, as you say, other people who choose not and that's always a challenge. Anyone. Of course you hope your reception staff pick it up that someone's coming in they're, quite hacking and coughing. You just say you know. Well, you didn't call it ahead of time, put this mask on a surgical mass and go and sit over in the far corner or wait outside until we talk to you later, and so they have to be fairly stringent and firm on that and the people who didn't follow the due process. We've asked them to do that. So in that sense, what kind of PPE do you need? You normally use what you normally do in your practice. There we're not asking you get involved heavily in doing covert 19 testing. One is that we haven't got all those kits out there to do. We have our sessemann centers up set up to do that, and so we can handle that that way. If you would need to wear a surgical mask because you're looking at wound or a site on a fall but patient, you can have your surgical masks that you can use three or four or five times, because it's for you or for you to protect the patient from you, not the other way around so there's ways they can deal with it. We try to keep looking after those supply issues, whether it's gloves and masks and depends what kind of your practices, what kind of prices you're seeing and how you minimize those exposures we're asking to do a lot more with our new codes through virtual and there's a methods to do that building. So you don't have to bring everyone into the office. So as many ways you can do it to limit that, and so we asked you to talk to the OMA and others on that. Do that if you have questions salt with their respective authorities and we'll try and give us best advice as soon as we can in that regard open. This is the last question padding up. Please the issue, though I think you guys, are not are kind of skirting this issue. The issue is, there doesn't seem to be enough. Even mask people are running out of gloves. They don't have personal protective equipment and the doctors are concerned about this. Okay, they get it well again. If we may over aware that and feeds food either through the Ontario Medical Association or through our regional offices, we can look at that. Some people get various reports. Some find it's easy to get it some have more difficulty, so it may be an ordering problem, there's different things in there, so we it's varying familiarity areas, so we have to be dealing with that individual and how they get tagged into one of our supplies issues. Thank you. That's it thanks. Everyone, q. Thank you.