Good I'll good afternoon, everyone and thank you for being here today today. The government in Saskatchewan has declared a provincial state of emergency, giving the government broad powers to address the kovat 19 pandemic. This is a responsibility that we take incredibly seriously and a decision that we did not take lately. The declaration of a provincial state of emergency provides our government with powers that include the ability to limit travel to or from a community or a region of the province and directing or and directing that a property or equipment can be deployed to address the Cova 19 pandemic that we are facing. The decision to declare this provincial state of emergency comes following confirmation from the chief medical officer that Saskatchewan has eight new presumptive cases of kovat 19, and this decision comes on dr. Shah, Hubbs advice. This brings Saskatchewan total of presumptive and confirmed cases of kovat 19 to 16 cases across the province, and dr. Shahab will have more to say about that. In a moment. Additionally, the government, in consultation with the chief medical health officers, imposing a number of new restrictions to reduce the risk to Saskatchewan people, to prevent transmission of kovat 19:00 and to ensure that acute care services are preserved for residents that are most at risk for severe illness. So the following measures are effective immediately public gatherings, larger than 50 people are prohibited, all restaurants, bars and event. Venues must limit their seating to 50 percent of their capacity or up to a maximum of 50 people, whichever is less all must be able to ensure social distance of one to two meters between the customers retail spaces, including grocery stores, pharmacies, gas stations will be exempt from this policy, and I would also note that this is phase one with regards to bars and restaurants, and we may implement phase two in the coming days, which would be closing them completely, except for takeout and delivery options. Aw Jim, x' fitness, centers casinos, bingo halls, are all ordered to closed until further notice. Residents are advised to limit any non-essential travel outside of the province of Saskatchewan, with the exception of people who live in border communities and are commuting for work. All crown utilities will implement an interest deferral program for up to six months for Saskatchewan residents, who, whose ability who are unable to make bill payments due to the impacts of Cova, 19 restrictions and all government of Saskatchewan ministries, agencies and Crown corporations will implement a phased in work from home policy that will become effective on Monday, the March, the 23rd. This is applicable to employees that are deemed non-essential, and this means that any employees that are able to work from home will be able to do so well provide, while providing managers a period of time to ensure that we have workforce continuity. The Saskatchewan, Health Authority will be discontinuing all non urgent elective surgeries and procedures and diagnostics. As of March 23rd. The this action will allow the Saskatchewan Health Authority to the ability to redeploy nurses and other staff to ensure that medical supplies and personal protective equipment are available when needed and to reduce the risk of further exposure to not only our health care providers, but our patients, the Saskatchewan Health Authority, will continue to provide services to patients who require emergent and urgent care. Cancer, urgent and emergent surgeries will continue as planned and patients will be contacted regarding their scheduled services. Finally, parents with children and daycares should also be preparing for the potential for further restrictions in the days ahead and I want to conclude by saying this to the people of this great province. We will get through this and we will get through this together, but we all have a responsibility and we all have to take that personal responsibility seriously and I would say that most of us are doing that. But I have heard some anecdotal reports of people that have returned home from abroad and who are out in the community the very next day, and we just simply can't do that. We need to sell false self, isolate and I know. You may say that you're feeling just fine, but you might be endangering the health and the lives of others, your neighbor, possibly or or even an elderly, family, member and I know. This is completely counterintuitive, especially here in our province. In times of crisis, we are a community and we pull together as one we have shown that so many times, but today, pulling together means we need to stay apart. It means taking extra precautions like washing your hands more often than you otherwise might or and practicing social distancing. It means self isolating for 14 days when you return from international travel, and that is so important if you are feeling healthy and you haven't been traveling or you haven't been exposed to someone who has tested positive I would offer you this. You can help by delivering groceries to a friend, to a neighbor or to a grandparent who may be self isolating on their own. We need to look after one another. It means buying what we need at grocery stores and not hoarding and I will repeat precisely what I said. The other day, kovat 19, will not cause shortages in our grocery stores, but hoarding will so don't do it, but, most importantly, helping each other out during this pandemic. It means listening to dr. Shahab and his advice that he provides as well as his counterparts, public health officials from across Canada, and this means this means each and every one of us who should adhere to the advice that they provide us. We are taking action in this province on the very best advice from some of the very best medical professionals in the world, but it simply will not work if we do not follow it. Each of us it's important for us to understand that these measures will not completely prevent the spread of Kovan 19, but they will flatten the curve and is only together if we take this situation seriously and that's what I'm asking each and every resident of this province to do is to take this situation very seriously as individuals. We all have a personal responsibility to ourselves to our family to our community. We have a personal responsibility to this province and to this nation in closing, I would I would just like to thank each and every worker providing that is providing an essential service in Saskatchewan today, doctors, nurses, health care, technicians, paramedics, police officers and firefighters. The work that you do it's of the utmost importance, each and every day, but I think it's even more impactful during this time of tremendous uncertainty and to the truck drivers and the grocery retailers and the pharmacists and all that are playing a critical part in our supply chain in our communities. Thank you for keeping our shelves stocked and and thank you for keeping our fridges full and our families fed and to all of the people in this great province of Saskatchewan. I would say this. We will get through this and we will get through this together. Thank you we'll take any questions it may be. Why did you wait till after the spending plan was to times aren't connected? These are separate initiatives, separate conversations that are happening. This is the time that we do the update with respect to coronavirus, and so this is a time that we're moving forward with, on the advice of our of our chief medical health officer, we've been working on it throughout today, I suppose. Well, yesterday, when I was here, I was saying that we should not be surprised to see an increase in cases primarily due to travel, and we should expect to see tunity transmission, so that was around 3 p.m. and I was here at 2 p.m. and then in the evening we saw a traditional cases, so our cases have doubled in a day but they're all travel related. So we are seeing exactly what we predicted. We would see it's happening pretty fast, but it's still something that is manageable, but at the same time, like the premier said, we are going to see a lot of people coming back, both short-term visitors and and long-term travelers coming back. It is essential now that everyone who comes back self isolates for two weeks, because we want to minimize any chance of community transmission. Having said that, we will see community transmission. We will try to control that as well as we can, and that is the purpose of that should be all- are the goal of all of us for the next few weeks to really you know, stay at home, if you don't have to be out and about children are home university students are home. If you have an essential service, you go to work and come home. We should all go and buy what we need and just that and come home. So I think it is a time to you know, hunker down, you know and just calm everything down for a while and hopefully that will slow any risk of this taking off more quickly than it should in the initial say stages. It is very easy to do case contact follow-up. Now, as more and more people come back, it's harder to stay ahead and, as you know, several flights have been notified in the in the in you know: Airlines have notified flights where people are traveling back from some destinations, others. So obviously the case wanted follow-up is containing, but we already know that in many jurisdictions it is hard to keep up. So that is why it becomes everyone's responsibility. This is not something that someone can please it's all a responsibility to stay home when you come back from travel to stay home if we're sick and then as a responsibility of friends, neighbors family, to not invite you out if you just come back but to support you to greet you from a distance to do to help you with your needs, to run errands and I. Think that's what we need to do for the next few weeks, how successful identifying and reaching? How many have you identified? How many out there and what are they being asked to do? Are they being asked to solve, isolate to self-monitor? Are they being tested? What is being done so, as of yesterday, it has been successful, but it is going to become challenging the advices that were Public Health contacts, an individual who has become ill, that you don't track their tire movements during the time that they were symptomatic and then they determined who was a close contact. So close contacts are requested to self isolate. People who may not have been close. Contacts are requested to monitor for two weeks. So as an example of the airline flights, you know once we get the information of Cedros, we will contact people who were three seats. They had three seats behind, they are even they are not considered close contacts, but they are informed to self isolate, but others in the plane are informed that self monitor your risk is lower. But just beware, but you know, as this time goes on, I think that becomes less and less important, because now anyone traveling from some destinations two weeks ago there was the issue. You know three weeks ago, travel from the US wasn't an issue. Two weeks ago, travel from the u.s. became concerning last week, you've seen several imputations from sun destinations that weren't reporting any cases and still not may not be so I. Think now is the time that any travel from outside you know self, isolate and even travel within Canada. Now we are hearing from our colleagues across the process that community transmission has been established in several provinces. We will see that established. You know this like the previous set is not something that we can prevent totally, but we have to do everything we can that we break the chains or drain of transmission every opportunity. We get I'm hearing that in one of these cases, I don't know which one I'm not asked identifying information. The patient was in a doctor's office for an extended period of time and and and I've been demonstrating symptoms within that doctor's office. Are you aware of that? Can you confirm that's the case, how many contacts may there have been, and what are you doing to contain that so? And that is an essential point for us to remember at all times that the ideal situation is that if you've, traveled or otherwise, you have a fever cough, you call Healthline and if you have to see your primary care provider, you call ahead. If you have to call EMS, you go to an ER, you call ahead so that people, the staff, are ready to receive. You put you in a side room, don't show up without calling ahead. If you do show up, you know the staff will try, it will put offer. You mask, put you in a side room. You want to minimize the situation where someone is coughing ingrates in a waiting room, but that has happened in a few instances that results in a larger number of people being told to self isolated, including health care providers, and- and it is a significant impact for health care providers who weren't expecting you. So you know, health care, buddies, aren't wearing a mask all the time, but if you have a coughing fever and you called head, then they'll put on the property PP. So, yes, that is happening, and that is why it's important that every person be aware of what their responsibilities are before going to see seeking seek care earlier. The press release that one you have not demonstrated, and secondly, are these patients. Sorry, are these contacts being tested, so all the cases have been linked to travel or a household contr of travel and that's in most cases is travel -, its travel to places outside of Canada, but in two instances is travel to a large conference and, secondly, I think that's really important. If you are a toast household contact, we have to remember that 15 out of the 16 cases are doing fine in the home. Setting other people in the household can safely stay at home, most people if they follow basic precautions, don't get sick from exposure even in the home setting. But if you are household contact, you also have to stay home for two weeks once your two two weeks are over, you are cleared and many cases also within you know a day or two if, within about 10 days of symptom onset, cleared the virus and are free, so people are going to be clearing this for the most part within two weeks of becoming sick and their household members will also be clear. So in a week or two we'll already see people emerging on the other end and their contacts emerging on the other end contacts as long as they remain well and the vast majority do remain well need to self isolated, don't need testing, but if they develop fever cough they should be tested, but because they're staying home they hopefully will not have no further contacts. So I think that's why we need to break the chains of transmission, and this is the way to do it now, his surgery, his or her surgical team. So I don't have that information and we usually don't get information where someone has symptoms. They, if there's a concern that because many people may develop symptoms and then they are tested and once the test is reported, then Public Health confirms the test. The clinician confirms the test, so I have not heard of this instance, so I have not heard of this particular instance, but you know. Obviously, if this is the case, we will hear shortly here's the number of critical care beds that we have here's so I'm looking for. Can you can you tell me what the range is? How realistic you I get it's a little bit speculative and don't know for sure other jurisdictions have been providing us information. So you know that's a really important point and you're absolutely right that oath equals the course of 12 to 18 months. Thirty to seventy percent of us will get Co 819, but that's exactly the point of all these social distancing measures, because if all of us get exposed within one to three months, has happened in Wuhan because they didn't know the virus. You know it started in end of November in Wuhan they only caught on to it and being an all wise end of December. So by that time you know it was established community transmission. They couldn't get ahead of the curve and a similar thing happened in northern Italy, where you know community transmission. It didn't happen by identifying a traveler. It happened by rapid takeoff community transmission in a population, northern Italy Italy that was primarily elderly. That is exactly what we want to war it, and what that does is that if all of us get exposed over, you know 12 to 18 months. If you know more, 80% will get a mild illness. 20% will require some level of hospital care, maybe week maybe longer oxygen and supportive care or if anti vials are available, that those can be given if vaccine is available by 8 to 12 months. That will be given to further reduce flatten the curve and about 2 percent will require ICU care 2 to 5 percent of the you know all people who get exposed, but as long as all those pressures come slowly over, you know 8 to 12 months. The health system still needs to expand the search Basti, maybe by 50%, but it can manage. If we don't do social distancing, no health system in the world can manage and I think that's a critical point, and this is not up to the health system to manage. They can manage as long as the rest of us can flatten the curve. If the rest of us can flatten the curve. No health system in the world can manage. Oh yeah I'm, just wondering when was the last time. If ever the province has declared a state of emergency I'm, not aware of a provincial state of emergency, there has been community states of emergency during times of flood or forest fire things of that nature. Multiple community emergencies, I am not aware of the top of my head. When the last time the province have proper has declared a state of emergency and I, I would hope that that lends itself to the importance of what doctor Shahab has been talking about with respect to how our health system will be able to manage what is coming at Saskatchewan, the the only way we manage, that is by flattening the curve. There is no health system in the world that can manage this virus if we are not able to practice personal, distancing, social distancing if we're not able to flatten a curve in some way. When you talk about capacity I'm wondering about facilities we might use, could we see things like a service, so those assessments that were done in 2009 and never required? So in 2009, all those assessments were done now there are being revised and almost finalized, especially over 19, and that's exactly the point that, if required, how do you bring online more acute care beds? How do you bring online more alternate levels of care for people who just need support that they can't get at home? For example, if there's two people in the house both are ill and require some level of support. Can they be cohorted in a place? That's not a hospital, but it's a it could be a school or something, and those were all plans that were made in 2009 were made even before that they were not needed in 2009, and that was really good. We hope we don't need them this time around, but those plans are being refreshed right, very, very positive announcement from our federal government, literally billions of dollars, invested and invested I, would say in a very, very effective and positive manner, a large amount of money that is going to be made available to individuals very quickly, and it's going to be made available to individuals that I would put forward required, they've shortened or eliminated the wait time for employment insurance. They have addressed those that don't qualify for employment insurance, so single single person, businesses that are operating accountants, plumbers, electricians things of that nature. They have provided funding for those that are remaining at home from work to take care of a family member that is ill. They have provided funding for parents that need to remain at home and care of their children. It provided funding for businesses to invest in retaining their employees. This is what I think is. You know many may talk about the the size of the package. I would say that it's a an appropriate size for this at. For this point of time, we can continue to talk to see how long this goes on too, but I would say it's an appropriate size for today, and it is very, very well targeted to those that that require it. We are now actively looking if there are opportunities for the problems to dovetail into that in any way as to you know, provide further supports if necessary, yeah we're well we're. What we've done here today is with our utility bills that provided an interest rate free area. We know there are some people that you know may have some challenges, paying some of their utility bills over the next number of months, and and we don't want them to be saddled with any interest costs on that they also won't be disconnected over the course of the next six months as well. So that's a start, but we are looking at what came forward here today in the in the federal package which I would put forward was an effective package. I know it's possible to do, but can you give me a rough time frame as to how long the state of emergency is expected to last and secondly, I'm good communication? Basically saying the message is not getting out so we're in the middle of this state of emergency? What can government do more to get the message? I just got a text from Sarah from someone basically saying that Polytech Institute, the they're still requiring doctors notes to stay home. Hearing all kinds of stories like that it in my own school I know I still make notes to get my kid right. Well, we're doing our best with respect to this. Holding news conferences virtually daily other provinces as well, and the federal government also holding news conferences daily. We have the very best medical advice, also holding news conferences virtually daily in Saskatchewan and across the country our MLAs are going back to their constituencies. In many cases, not cabinet cabinet is remaining behind to operate solely focused, essentially on kovat 19, but our MLAs are going back to their constituencies now too, and they are picking up the phone and talking to people about the seriousness of this situation and and- and let me let me just say this and reiterate what dr. Shahab had said a few minutes ago- if we are not able to flatten the curve. If we don't take these social distancing measures seriously, there is no health system in the world that will be able to manage what will occur. It is incumbent on us in this province to do our level best to ensure that we are able to flatten that curve and that our health system is able to handle what is going to happen over the course of the next week's next number of weeks in the next number of months. It is an impossible question, but the the orders put forward. It has a 14-day lifespan and at that point in time, if it needs to be renewed, it will be. When you talk about community transmission, why the 50-person Gathering limits I mean shouldn't it perhaps be smaller than that. Also why it can you clarify why you don't consider a household contact in to be community transmission, yeah, sorry and 3-prime question for close contacts who for contacts of people who tested positive and are being contacted now, do they need to get tested? And why not? Last one again sorry the people who have come in contact with those who have symptoms or or have tested positive. Okay do they need to be contested? Okay, so I'll try to answer them, but I'll answer the first one first and then move back, but if I forget that it's a five pronged question anything, but so if you're, a close household contact- and you keep your distance in the house, there's a good chance- you won't get infected. So there's no reason to test, because if you're asymptomatic, the test is negative and if you find after 14 days and the person who is your household member, who had mild symptoms, they're, fine, everyone's clear, so Public Health will give you the all-clear, there's no reason to test. If you do get symptomatic, it could be Kove. It could be something else. So you are tested, there's something else. You still find you completely 14 days. If it's covered, you then continue for another eight nine days till you've cleared and then everyone is fine. So that's the best-case outcome. So that is my last question. What is the many people might be? People I say: I'll, link it to the 50 / 50 is not and there's nothing magical in 50. Last time you know actually many jurisdictions in North America. You are using 250, but I'll tell you what I'm gonna do if I go into a meeting room and people aren't sitting one meter apart, I refuse to attend that meeting and I actually will hold that meeting and ask everyone to move in in Matera part, and if there's enough, not enough room in that meeting room, everyone else can go to another room and we can dial in. If I'm invited to someone's house. You know I'll say how many people can we set two meters apart, I'm, not very popular right now, but I won't go if we can't set two meters apart and I, don't want to go to a gathering with more than four or five people. Actually, that's my comfort level right now. Fifty is like a speed limit, just because the is 50 doesn't mean that everyone needs to invite 49 people to their house. I. Think you need to minimize contact as much as humanly possible. 50 seems to be the right number right now, because our up to 50% reefer capacity, if there's a restaurant, that can seat 30 people, they should actually have 15, because when in a restaurant, usually you're sitting pretty close apart, but if you keep every second seat empty and across the table, you usually have one or two meter separations. So those are general guidelines but I think that's how all of us should think and then, if you are elderly, have an airline risk factors you need to be especially cautious of where you're going and not going and as visitor. You need to be very careful about visiting and keep that social distancing. Even when visiting funerals, really the immediate family member goes and the others can participate. You know virtually. It sounds a bit strange. I think you know funerals like the previous sad weddings. Those are all occasions to be together, weddings can be delayed, funerals can unnecessarily and every situation, but this is not the time to have clothes, gathering, you're, crazy and wondering how long this can last restaurants having closed voluntarily just jumping straight into closure without doing like you mentioned eight to twelve months for vaccines, and things like that, can we expect to be locked up in our houses for eight months, so what we have seen from countries in Southeast Asia that did everything right is that eight weeks, 12 weeks out, they have seen it come in a flat way and then cautiously they can relax on some things, but not other things cautiously. So they may not open schools right away. They may not allow large events, but they can ease up on some of that. You know like restaurants and those kind of things so I think, but we are only into like tenth week of this outbreak and you know we're in the middle of March. It's only been going around for two and a half months in terms of midnight, so we are looking back at people who did the right thing, and you know two months back and now they're at the other end and they still have to sustain, but they can start. You know some things can start normalizing, but I think right now we need to sustain the next eight weeks at least and then reevaluate there's dental procedures, yeah so I think so I'm aware of communication that there's a schedule College of Dentistry has sent out to its practitioners I'm aware of similar letters that the colleges of dentistry have sent out in other provinces and I think it's really important because till such time you could safely self isolate if you had traveled from abroad or if you were at a conference. There was a conference where you know not just dentist, but people who work in the dental profession had been in Vancouver and there's at least two. If not three people, one is a house according to people who have been impacted by that. So at the moment, if you were exposed, you obviously need to not go to work as a health care provider, whether it's dentist physician at the provider there's a good reason that, as this starts transmitting locally, you have to think about. What's the risk to you, what's the risk to your patient? What's the risk to you are you know people sitting in the waiting room based on what services you provide so dentistry? You know we. We say that this is a virus, that's transmitted to contact through nose, you know no nose eyes and mouth dentistry is all about being inside someone's mouth. So obviously, dentists are professionals. They have very high stands of infection control and the highest of all professionals, so they are actively looking at. How can they continue to safely provide urgent care? How can the space out there patients they need to have the same controls, ers and physician offices have that they shouldn't someone shouldn't come even for a root canal. If they're coughing, you know they need to have some pain, relief till they're at least the fevers settled for a few days, but then they can provide emergent care with precautions, so urgent care obviously will need to be provided, but routine care should probably be as the school to transition picks up. They should probably start scaling back as much as they can well. I. Think I've had this discussion with the register of the college of dentistry, and so this information has got gone out. We're willing to work with them to see you know, I, think for I, don't I, don't think it's a property right orders for everything in everyone, I think as professionals. All of us can do a risk assessment what's safe for us and our patients and I think that's the spirit in which dentists other people who point personal care, not just in health, but other services have to make that risk assessment. So a tests have gone up significantly. I don't have the numbers, but they have gone up from a thousand something to 1,800 1,900. So tests are ramping up, they're happening all over the province. Are cases also all over the province north rural South, Regina, Saskatoon I'll have to check I have used it a few times, but it seems to work as designed right now. Obviously we may need to tweak it a bit if we see a lot of children transmission, because at some point and and some provinces have already gone there. Bc has already gone there that it's not effective. If you have a lot of community transmission to test, because you already know what say then for mild illness, you stay put you stay at home, you get over it and that's it we're not at that point. Yet we do want to test. But then at some point you have to say: okay, we'll test people who are still coming back after travel, but we know that's going to dry up very quickly in a week or two and we want to focus on testing people who seriously and who work in essential it every time their encounter with the case because they'll you know they have, but as long as they using proper precautions, they'd all have to self isolate because they're not considered exposed. But if there's an issue, if they have a cough, a fever, they can stare, be learning more and go back to work a bit early if they've cleared the virus. So that's the approach will have to take going forward, but we have to adjust our approach. There's a number of things that one would use this this. This act in this power for- and let me be clear, it was my sincere hope that we don't use it and don't use it once, but you could use it, for example, to set the price of certain items you could use it, for example, to set the volumes of purchases that could be available for certain items to an individual or you could use it to to isolate a portion of a building, a building, a community or an entire town, village or city anywhere in the province. And so now, as we are looking like, we have a number of new cases and the potential for possible community transmission, of which I think we will get to at some point. If this particular case is not that we're not going to eliminate Kovan 19 from being exposed to the people of the province, what we want to do is slow down the the rate at which it is exposed which people of Saskatchewan are exposed to are flatten the curve. If you will so that, that's precisely how we would be viewed as is using this is if we need to move in and move in very quickly to do something just like that - to isolate a portion of a community or an entire community. So we're not. We don't have anywhere in mind where we would use it immediately, but we think it needs to be available to act very quickly in what is an increasingly volatile situation, but I'm hearing very specific reports about swab shortages, for instance, in the five hills, the former five hills, health regen in a simple yeah. Potentially you know other areas. Can you confirm whether or not that's the case? Give us an update on on how many swabs are available and whether they're sufficient to meet the expected demand and and further explain whether that's had any impact whatsoever on the guidelines being used to determine what testing is done. I'll answer a very high level and then I'll ask either of you if you'd like to go into any specifics that you might have information on and I, don't have information on on the specifics, but with respect to supplies, whether it's testing supplies a personal protective equipment supplies we're on a call again this morning with the premiers in the Prime Minister discussing just this, we are actively have orders in for a number of not only swabs and different types of swabs, but also a number of different types of personal protective equipment as well, and we're working actively with other provinces in the federal government to - to ensure we can. We can find that supply we're also hunting out and about on our own as well -. Looking for additional supply as well as these are items that the rest of the world is looking for at this at this very same time. So I'm not aware of any shortages at the moment with respect to any of the items that we need and I'm not aware that it is in any way impacted the number of tests that were doing in the case of swabs. In fact, dr. Shahab I just referenced that we did more tests in the last 24 hours than we have at any point in time thus far, and it's our expectation that will that will continue to increase. So in saying that we continue to to look for not only for supply of the swabs we have, but but additional kinds as well. So either of you have anything to add to that. Just make a comment and let doctor job I was at a ministry briefing yesterday, where we discussed supplies and pretty specific to swabs was told at that time. I forget exactly how many days, but we had like a number of days left of the supply that they had been using they're expecting another significant supply and by the end of the week, and in the in the eventualities that for some reason, although they're they fully expect expect that that order to arrive, if it doesn't, they have a significant number of a different type of swab as they described it to me, it's not, it can absolutely be used. The lab prefers the other type somehow for ease of use, but I I took great comfort out of that briefing. Yeah I think this particular instance with as testing ramps up there's a bit of supply pressures that then you have to redistribute so far we're doing okay, but at some point we do need to revisit how we test, and maybe in in the future sometime. We would not recommend testing for Milan. That's because we're already learning now that and in fact, there's a scientific paper. I read yesterday that we discussed an FPT table where the good news is that the majority of people more than eighty percent have a mild self-limited illness and the clear the virus in eight to nine days directly free of the virus on day ten. We still require them to isolate for two weeks but actually bite they. They tend their clear off the virus. So that's the good news. So previously everyone had to be tested, negative and then now that is actually not the recommendation of a mile illness. So you know we're trying to rationalize the testing as much as we can as well mission is suspected or is happening. An infected person from traveling goes home and obviously spends time with their loved ones is. Are you considering some kind of order or option where people who are self isolated have to go somewhere completely alone, they're, not allowed to say, go back home to their family or roommates or whatever it may be? So, first of all, we don't have any evidence of Qunu transmission at this point, but we expect it to happen in the instances in Saskatchewan and in many parts of Canada the way you know, people who are symptomatic self, isolate at home, clear instructions given to them and theirs in very few cases of secondary transmission in the whole household setting. We have just seen one instance and that may have been a common exposure while traveling to another province, but we have not seen any evidence of secondary household transmission. It means that people are able to self isolate, even within the household by community transmission. We mean that someone shows up in ER and they have not traveled anywhere. They were not in contact with the person who was sick or you get an outbreak and long term care facility where no one visited the long-term care facility who was sick and I just traveled from abroad. So then you can't find where it came from. So that's when we say it's Kuna transmission. We try still try to search for the source, but if you can't find anything in a few days we say community transmission is here. It may only be in a part of the province, but all the steps if taken, is exactly to delay those eventualities don't visit long-term care. If you have come from another province unless for compassionate reasons and then just go and visit the person you have to you know, don't visit hospitals, absolutely don't visit people who are vulnerable in home or a facility. If, even if you have a cough- and you think you're fine is just a cough- those are essential precautions now going forwards. Twitter feeds your Facebook or anything else for mass communications. Topher like we do yeah yeah yeah. That's not that since that's an option we haven't, we haven't done it as of yet. That is an option, though, because there are some you know in the in the vein of of taking this very seriously. You know we must remember that, and quite likely isn't it's someone of my age and not that I'm overly healthy, but I feel pretty good I'm likely going to have mild symptoms as the as the data shows. But my my parents are at a higher risk category, and so the danger is not directly to me it's to my parents and their generation, and it's to those individuals in you know our retirement communities and in our long-term care facilities and then, where we are seeing terrible results. Fatal results in Canada are in our long-term care facilities and we need to be very, very diligent not only in our personal distancing but I would ask the people of this province to be very diligent in whether or not they need to visit a long-term care facility or visit anyone in our community. That would be considered at a decreased immunity or consider vulnerable to this virus.