A loss- a colleague, yes blood. Your colleagues welcome to this press conference to have an overview of the situation in Quebec about Cove 819, the Premier of Quebec. Mr. logo is together today with the Minister of Health and Social Services Miss Anna McKenna, as well as the National Director of Public Health of Quebec, dr. Horatio Buju. Mr. premier, hello, everyone we'll listen. First, I wish to tell you that I'm hearing a lot of comments, I've been speaking with a lot of people from a lot of different regions. Quacky ID law was a ele person's employer venerable, don't care trechie our direction! Dk become a football ret before constantly a metropolis, totally Mizzou. We only knows when period cell may oppressor period, low, Sabo, Biennale, villain de journee, Milagros manga, dude, si de Pras Don Connie, Mina sysd, say nor very bien sûr, my sensei kondalian Salaf Emilio posh de victim Mina. Oh no Ravi, Malhotra NEFCO confirm a non-standard Matteson that whore services, honest worsens with personalization augmentation. The owns on a transient person also analysis, nog, Matteson cat on a book Marty Lee Tess. Please analyse the tests on a main event, see Melissa car negative. Four million account the releases 3000 waiting for results. So once you analyze the numbers, when you take into account the great increase in the number of tests, they are still today, I have say results that are encouraging, but we haven't won yet and we have to keep on with our good habits. So two more extra deaths and a total of a thousand three hundred and thirty nine confirmed cases. So now, I wish to confirm everybody. We all we have all the protective equipment that is necessary. I admit that we had a few difficulties in the distribution of the material in the different establishments. We are correcting this right now, so there is nothing that is going to be neglected to protect our healthcare staff. There is no reason, because we have all the equipment to protect them. Now, I'd like to go back to the residences and homes for the elderly. Right now we have three of these homes that are infected. One is in that I know down region: one is in the Montreal region and one is he is in the history region. First of all, I wish attire that in all three of these, all the necessary measures have been taken, but it is very important and we've said it since the beginning to do everything to make sure that we increase the number of residences that we protect them. It's important because, even if it happens and we've seen cases where they can be serious consequences for young people, it remains that the probabilities are much higher in the elderly, of having serious consequences and, of course, when there are homes for the elderly everywhere, whether it be in Canada or the United States. That is where there is, unfortunately, the most serious consequences once the infection arrives there so I'd like to repeat the guidelines. I know that it's hard, but no visits to any homes where the elderly dwell the residents when they leave. They must be supervised and now I've gotten a half a message for all owners of residences for the elderly, whether it be public or private. It is important, first of to make sure that all the necessary measures have been taken so that the staff is safe and that they keep the residents safe and that all the measures you know around food and have to be taken in case there's infection around the food so very, very important to really take care of those residences for the elderly. The other phenomenon that is continuing to go on and which will go on in the next few days, is the arrival of the snowbirds those who go and spend the winter in Florida or other Sunshine destinations. It is very important. You must self isolate for two weeks very, very important. You are at risk, so you stay home in for two weeks: Harrod everybody that is coming back from Florida or any other such places. Now a word for the people who are financially worried. Of course, the government's our main role in the present crisis is to make sure that everybody has enough money to be able to eat and keep a roof over the head. Of course, the rent is coming up on the faced of a pole, and checks should happen as of the 6th of April. The federal government once so, I want to call out to all owners to please be understanding and to be able to wait for a few days before getting the rent. It doesn't mean that those who are able to patient because there are I mean owners also count on that to be able to have a source of income, but let's be understanding the first check, so the federal government is going to arrive as of the 6th of April and there's sprint to be paid on the first now in each region there are food banks. We've announced an improvement of the funding for the food banks. It is important well being careful to Tech to yourselves the volunteers that are going to be working in those food banks, follow the guidelines and I wish to really thank you. We're going to be needing you in the course of the next few days, because there are people, unfortunately, who will not have the money to be able to buy food stuff, and we all have a responsibility to help out. So thank you to those who are helping out in food banks everywhere in Quebec a word as well on the homeless. We are right now in the next few hours. We are finding places to be sure that our homeless not be in common rooms and at risk. So there's also it's all sorts of alternatives being examined for your example at the Royal Vic in Montreal and other places. So we are very conscious of this challenge and we have been talking about it and we are taking care of it now. My daily thanks are for this stuff that do the cleaning and disinfectants everywhere, starting, of course, with the health network, but everywhere in Quebec. Your task is more important than ever. So, thank you so much to all the staff that works in home maintenance and housekeeping and cleaning so right now we have a kind of army of eight million and a half people to fight the virus and let program batter it is going to be our lives, biggest fight and we'll be talking about this for a long time to our grandchildren. In 20 years, in 50 years, our grandchildren are going to remember how the Quebec people managed together to win the fight. So this is a big fight that we are in right now and we'll have will be proud to have won it now, convinced that we'll win it but I, don't say everyday. What is important is to you everything to limit physical contacts, limit contagion, limit the loss of lives, and we can win this. We will win this together. This fight this war, but I need you and I'm counting on you. Thank you. A few words in English, yes, is United as an army of 8.5 million people in the fight against the virus. Every action we take will bring us closer to victory. Our children and grandchildren will remember how we won this battle, so let's make them proud. Let's continue our efforts together. Our Health Network continues to prepare for the fight, were ramping up the test and we are implementing all measures to protect our guardian angels to help us in our efforts. I asked our snowbirds that are coming back to isolate themselves for 14 days. It's very important to do so, you're at risk of spreading the virus. The faster were we'll all do our part, the faster we will save lives and win this battle. Thank you very much. Miss you. Mr. life, communists, color, Thank You, mr. premier questions hello. Mr. premier, talking about encouraging results, but it is a third day in a row where we see a very important increase. We have an extra 326. Yesterday we had an extra 385. A lot of people think that it is in Quebec where we have the most. You know in Ontario the head. There is fourteen million they're testing more and they have the most important airport in the profit in the country, and yet they have pure cases. Is it all because of spring break? Is it not worry son, especially since, up until now, we're really saying that we're ahead of everything going on in the other provinces? Well, as you can see at twenty six, twenty six thousand six hundred negative cases, we are ahead of the canadian average per capita, so that is a very large increase in the number of tests being done and test results today and an increase of three hundred and twenty six. So if you keep all proportions in mind, that is a ratio that is encouraging. However, if you look at the totals well now we come back to what that means. Still today about sixty percent of cases are cases of people who traveled. We have a lot of people who traveled at about this worst time during the spring break. So we have to take that into account. What's interesting is to look at the progression and today, taking into account the number of new analyses and screenings that were done, it is encouraging. It also must be said that the choice that was made, which was the correct choice, the choice made by doctor arruda, is that we started testing those people who were coming back from traveling as well as presenting symptoms. So we put all the chances on our side to find positive cases. We didn't just test those who had symptoms, we tested first and foremost those who had traveled as well as had symptoms now we're at the second step, and we are testing people, just people who have only symptoms and so now our results. When you look at the new results, they are in the averages what is being seen in other provinces or states, dr. Ruden? Well, yes, you know it is very difficult to compare what is going on in one place or another, because it depends on the kinds of flights. You'll understand you know, P some people ride China we had friends in Italy, there was a spring break and we still for all of Quebec units and I already was a majority of cases are associated to travel ins. That is why it's so important that the message that the premier logo said about the people who are traveling those people were outside during a period where there were even more cases than we had drink, Spring Break, because there's more in France, there's more elsewhere, there's more in the United States. So it is still very important to do so, and one thing that I'd like to mention here as well is that at the same time that we put up measures of social distancing and right now, we are on a break, so that will allow people to decrease transmission, the local transmission that is being that is starting up in certain regions. There are people who are going to be calling you up or going to make epidemiological investigations, we're not looking at guilty parties who are not looking to you know the other people who aren't isolating. We are looking for cases and contacts to help to diagnose the disease earlier and if you need treatment to do so, but especially to advise those people who may have been exposed to not contaminate others. So if you get a call from your public health from a nurse or a doctor or another collaborator, you have to collaborate in the same way as if you go into a clinic. You have to tell people if you travel, you have to say that perhaps you were in contact with somebody who is positive. Don't hide that information, because when you hide it, you are preventing the doctor and our guardian angels - from protecting themselves. If you don't collaborate with Public Health you're, preventing that we'd be able to investigate, to help people to know whether they have been exposed. So it's still major. We have increased in a very significant way the capacity of Investigation of Public Health, but you have to help us out and you have to respect the guidelines. The elderly, who are going out through the back door in order to be able to not leave supervise, are putting themselves in danger or not putting endanger their own friends in the center. We're not doing this for fun. I'm telling you for some people. It will be a question of life or death, and you could be in that secret, where somebody at the end of the line is going to die because you will not respected those guidelines. I know that a majority of Quebecers understand this and do it, but we cannot let those little clusters of people who don't listen and don't get it. We want to convince them, but at one point, if we have to I mean we're not there yet, but please I, beseech you do what we have prescribed. This is like a treatment for the community to decrease the impact and decrease the number of deaths. In the past few hours we saw the government of New York say that there's over 30,000 cases of infected people in his state, the number is doubling every two or three days. We understand that the border is closed to visitors, but isn't that worrisome it being a very close neighbor to come back? There's a lot of truckers that go through there. A lot of people who are coming back from the southern United States, who are going to be going through New York? Are there additional measures that you or the federal governor going to be taking? First, when you look at the results for the state of New York, you also had to take into account that this is a test, a state that is testing a lot more than the average in the United States. So we could ask ourselves, you know if we had tested so much if they had tested so much in the other states. Might there be a similar situation in the rest of the United States or in many states, at least in the United States? So let's be prudent, I'm gonna go back to the state of Florida since there's a lot of Quebecers coming back. That is why it is so important all Quebecers coming back to Quebec from the United States, regardless of where you must self isolate. You must stay home. You should not go out for a two-week period because there's an extent that is very broad in scope in the United States, of course, in the United States in general, there's been a lot fewer tests. If we you look at it proportionally compared to Quebec, so we don't really have a clear idea of the state of situation of the situation in every state in the United States. So, let's be prudent with people arriving from the United States in particular, can we show ya some address I'll remain there yeah the commune I'm speaking now to the human being behind the premiere before being at the Premier of Quebec? You are first and foremost a son, a husband and a father. How are you personally getting through this situation? Do you have the necessary support, morally etc? Do you feel sufficiently strong to be able to continue being in the front lines, as you have been for now, almost three weeks? Well, listen. Life goes on and I'd like a mr. Dyk ought to take advantage. I know that you are a grandfather and you're always going better you're a little mirror. Life goes on. There's good news as well. I've also had good news, you know births and my family. You have to look at the after the crisis period and our challenge is to say we'll be able to tell the story like a big anecdote that took place during a period of our lives, but we can get through this I feel good I mean, of course, I can't see my two sons who are in Montreal but I feel good I'm telling you right away. I'm gonna take a day off. Saturday it'll provision vehicle will be here so I'm, being careful I'm taking care of myself and I'm also being careful with the people around us, but we, of course have to take this seriously. It's it's serious. What is happening but we'll get through it. It's a difficult period and it's temporary. We have to look at it. This way, how's the Premier of Quebec I'm, proud of what is happening. Quebec I'm, proud, I was saying it at the beginning, I'm proud of the reaction of Quebecers for following the guidelines, those Quebecers who are helping one another out and there's a lot. A lot of people calling us and saying where can I go help so we're going to help them getting the address of organizations that need help. So it's beautiful to see that even if it's hard, it's beautiful, to see the human reaction of Quebecers second question city of Quebec yesterday announced that up until now, they have laid off 2,000 people who were working for the city employees. You took the decision right at the beginning of this crisis, to maintaining or to give people their wages to not leave people off. Even if there's people who can't work, they can't work from home and they are at home. You decided to maintain that length of employment. First, how do you welcome the decision of the city of Quebec and are you thinking of dismissing people at the government? No, we have no intention of laying anyone off. We have to understand that as far as the city of Quebec are considered, these are not permanent employees, regular employees. These are people who were temporary or not even quite sure what the exact word is, but anyway people who are not permanent employees, so we do have to make that distinction. As far as we are concerned, the only thing that I can tell you is that those people who were being paid by the government in the networks or elsewhere who have time please go out and help it's time to help one another out. It's not time to cut things. You goddess use to a lot of transparency. You sent a message to the health network earlier on. You are aware aware of the note circulating in the health network or perhaps not your Minister is aware. I'm gonna send you one that was sent to the Eastern Townships because of the shortage of individual protection. We have to ration their uses throughout our establishments, so the person said she believed you that there was equipment she, but she says managers. Please help us to have access to them when we need them what I'm gonna, let then yet complete. But for me the order is very clear and I repeated regularly at my meetings with the people from the health network. There is no question of letting anyone be at risk. There is no question of neglecting equipment in the Health Network now I, admit and I said it earlier on. We had a few problems in the distribution. We are not missing any personal protective equipment in total in Quebec, but there's been a problem with their distribution. Perhaps there were problems with direction as well or but I want to be very clear. We have to put all the necessary material at all times everywhere in the network. Yes and I am making this as being my main priority, we want to know, as it was said to us yesterday, there were a few places where there were problems. We looked at them and we are correcting the situation and we wish to know and we're going to make sure that we do know as well. I asked my cabinet had to contact all the unions that are aware, for example, the president of the thick for the nurses and as well to have the information of what is going on in the field and I asked the deputy minister to ask the CEO to have a phone meeting every single day with the unions. We want to know what is happening. What we said is we're going to correct the situation, whether it be nurses, respiratory therapists, because other prime minister said it's a problem of distribution. We have the capacity. However, of course, what we're doing right now is different from what we were doing before the way that we are managing the masks. People were used to having masks, you know very close, but we did have people still and we had to put them under lock and key, but that doesn't mean that they're not there for their stuff. So what I'm saying today is that the nurses, the respiratory therapists all the staff they have to have the necessary material, and that is what we're doing right now and we're going to have communication channels. We want to know what is going on in the field and we will remedy the situation. Another big worry of the Union is the clothing. There's still health care staff who go outside and bring back the their clothes at home to wash them at a time. I've opened Emma. Is that normal? No? And we will have a look at this? We should make sure that in establishments we have cleaning services. I was in the network, you know for many many years, and if this is a situation that I don't find normal even at regular times, and we will see and we'll make sure that the uniforms can be washed within the establishments. If I said I saw like a doctor who does it possible to know what region the new dust came from and is it possible to have the profiles of hospitalizations? Has it changed? Can we get the ages of people? First you'll understand that when we name two cases and we're talking about a region, it becomes possible to identify, particularly when it happens in small regions. So what I can tell you is that those two people are not in the metropolitan area. If I can say it that way, and there are still at least there's still one out of the two people where it was linked to trip the reason why I'm saying that is that people don't think that there is community transmission. There is starting to be community transmission. We told you the profile of certain territories. I mean as we go along. I would tell you that people coming back from travels are really going to be isolated, so they are no longer gonna. Be generator of cases in Quebec will see more proportion of cases that caught it here, but we're not there yet everywhere in Quebec. We are concerned with this we're dealing with it and I'm, not telling you that we can't consider that people who didn't travel are not at risk. There are territories, we're hearing the stories, and that is why it's important to collaborate with Public Health as such. The borders are closed. There are people coming back from the United States. We have to look at that and we have to investigate every single case. Every single contact and those two people are people who were at an advanced age. You must understand- and we've always said it- that we're gonna see in the proportion of test people who are 50 who are 35 because we're testing them those people, fortunately don't necessarily end up at the hospital. They are, are isolated at home. They'll have the flu, they'll have a cold and everything will get back to normal. It's still the elderly with chronic diseases that are going to be those most affected. We have never included that somebody who's young could have a pulmonary respiratory problem is a little bit like SARS. It did take place, but it won't be at the same level as in the elderly. We're going to be following the situation very closely, and we have to consider ourselves at risk of doing so, especially of doing so and of transferring it to somebody else. So, let's all protect ourselves, because even if a child, for example, won't have an important syndrome, they might infect their grandmother or somebody else in their family. Who has cancer so even if you're not at risk yourself, do it for others, and that is what will break the transmission chain. That is what will reduce the cases that we'll see in the elderly. Since yesterday we went from 12,000 to 26,000 negative cases. I imagine that is because all sorts of results took place. Yes, I'll explain that to you, that's why you want to avoid comparisons with other provinces. In fact, we went from one lab that was testing only with a high quality test that was validated by Winnipeg. At one point, we said when he picked his mother necessary. The Quebec test is good and good enough. That is a current practice. We capped at a laboratory, quality control and since we decentralized that test, when we create 38 centers, where the test can be done, there is a validation period that is necessary, and so we would call probable cases that what was real cases, because her labs did perform well and one point taking to account the information that we had about all the labs. Even though the process was not entirely finished, we decided to say that now it was probable. So what we've done is and I told you, let's increase, tested, let's test and test and test and people started getting tested and tested and tested very important quantities, and the statistic which is very important for me because it gives me data- was not as important as to test test test and taking care of the patient. So during that period of time of three or four days of adaptation, since we changed our system, the data change as we go along and as we implement computer systems that are being done so right now, we'll get even more data, because right now, I have numbers without knowing what it means now we're gonna know is: was it a man or a woman? What the? What was each group was this a case of travel. So our idea, logical research from a statistical point point of view- will improve. So that was a backlog and we had the impression that we're testing a lot less in others. But in fact we were testing a lot, but we didn't know because it was at the central lab and it's normal that we do that, because we choose a priority. It was to test and test and test, and the statistic, even if dr. root is waiting after it well, dr. Arruda has to wait after it, because what we have to do is to take care of the cases and patients dr. arruda along the same vein. The public has seen more cases in Canada but, as you said, there's been fewer tests than in other provinces. How a set strategy better for this fight I want to correct one thing: we tested more than the rest of Canada, but there are two provinces that tested a little bit more than ourselves: British, Columbia and Alberta. But right now, if we keep in mind proportions, we test more than Ontario and we tested more than the rest of Canada to fight against a pandemic. We have to use a whole array of strategies. Let's say that I had tested without end without any preventive measures, I would have simply tested and tested and tested with no prevention. What we did is that we took very quick measures to stop things as if everybody were infected. If you allow me to save that way and the strategy of test it's too early for me to be able to say exactly what happened in the field in Ontario and even on my own territory, because I am convinced that at the time that we say that we test only travelers, there are doctors who you know because of clinical suspicion. They tested others and only test people. We have a higher chance of having positive cases. So if you have a population of people, you know a place where there's none and and I make tests and I. Finally, I can do thousand tests, I won't find any. But if we have tests and we go towards the places with this more probability- that we'll find people it's more efficient, we call that positive, predictive value, but I'm not gonna, get in that it's too complicated, but we took the strategy and in function of our capacity, was the most profitable to identify things and that there's different ways of doing it. But for me what was most important is that, even if we were not to test right now, even if we just said people stay home, they want to rank themselves. It's not going to jump from one house to another, but the test is allowing us to have a diagnosis, and it's too early, we'll see it in the evaluation, because what we think that others are doing- or that is being done is might not be not might not reflect the reality even in Quebec, but we did that with our experts. Mr. premier, will you help Quebecers, who are who have lost their jobs and who will have no access to federal help before a few weeks? You are mentioning yesterday the date of the 6th of April. It seems it will take even longer than that. What can Quebec do? Well, we are preparing ourselves that there may be cases by the 6th of April people who will need money for food for rent services, essential services that we need to pay in life. So we are having a look at all that, but of course most of the health should arrive in the week of the 6th of April from the federal government. I heard mr. Trudeau earlier on. Who is going to improve even more the individual health that will be given with an amount of $2,000 per month? So I believe that there is help and of course, it's everyone's priority, whether it be the federal government's or ours to help individuals in the very short term, and in fact, in the upcoming days, we will be ways rumbling look at what we can do to help exceptional cases. What would it be about the two new deaths? You said that you didn't want to give too much information, but were these people who lived in elderly homes? Nor is the old all right. There are the people who are contaminated right now, to my knowledge, no- and you will understand that there's also level of information that cannot go not get out because of questions about fidelity, but to my knowledge note, but it was elderly people, so even elderly people who live at home who have chronic diseases, because it's not all Quebecers that are in homes for the elderly, a lot of people live in their homes. It means that they can also be at risk. New York. You talked about New York and in the United States there's a huge America cases and trucking is essential. A lot of people go through the board and have to come back. Are there any particular measures that are being set up for Quebec truckers, coming back from United States? Who do a lot of back and forth so that we can make sure that they do not spread the coronavirus in Quebec, also veiled? That is making sure that there are safe places for those who need, for example, to go to the bathroom. Obviously, you understand that truckers have those needs as well, but it is very important in the balance of inconveniences. You find that funny. Don't you it's very important with that food deliveries keep going so yes, maybe we're taking a little bit of risk to let the truckers circulate, but we need those trucks of food right now miss Trudeau. What is the best data right now that we should use to be able to compare Quebec to the other provinces? Is it the number of confirmed cases or the methodology? Is it two different between the provinces? Should we look at, for example, the number of hospitalizations? If we should compare ourselves, what reference should we use? Well, I'll tell you: it'll depend on the testing strategy right now. I, don't have enough information to be able to give you a rigorous version of an answer, as we evolve in time. We'll probably have will pie have standardized approaches more. Of course we have to compare the rates and, of course, right now, we'll have to have about the same rhythm of screening tests but hospitalizations the serious cases. Usually, that's a good indication for comparisons, because it's the people who end up at the hospital and whether they be in Ontario or here they wouldn't up at the hospital, but we're still at the beginning. Maybe you find that it's not enough at the beginning, but we are at the early stages and it must be understood as well that in order to categorize and stratify the data as we call it, we need enough cases, for example, on a small territory. There's one case in gas busy. We artificially increase the impression, because it's a small population one case, there's instability in the evaluation. So we tell you that for the moment first thing I would tell you. The official site is the best data, because people go and see. You know sites here and there and there's people very good in in Excel spreadsheets that are doing that at home and doing curves and projections, but but go see the official ones and most particularly yeah. Everyone has to look at their own situation. Right now, I've been very concentrated on what is happening elsewhere in the world, but now the virus is in Quebec and I'm, looking at, what's going on in Quebec and I'm, making sure that the diagnosis in Quebec be the input for the treatment that I am recommending and maybe just a nod because I love statistics as well I've asked my people to try to see in the other provinces. To what extent have we chosen, because you know up until yesterday morning we were testing only those people who had traveled and had symptoms. So I would like to see whether there's other provinces that have followed the same approach, because if it's not the approach that they took and they've only tested everybody with symptoms. Well, the numbers cannot be compared so even myself, with the resources that I may have to get. Statistics I can't make that comparison. The objective of measures that you've announced until now to put Quebec on hold until the 13th of April was to you know, stop the spread of the fire of the virus and the hospitalization rate. The prediction was higher than what we have right now, which is positive, but even by the 1st of May we know we won't have a vaccine. Are we safe from a second wave and if there is a second wave later in the spring, could we economically to go back to such drastic measures as now? Well, we'll have a decision to be made on the 13th of April, depending on what will have happened and, of course, we're going to look at the curve. Well, we have succeeded to flatten the curve, as we often say, is the growth lower? Have we reached a plateau? These are the questions that we'll be asking ourselves in order to be able to make the decision on what will happen as of the 14th of April and if there's a very large risk that it will continue increasing we're going to have to continue question in French deaths. The two new deaths must it be understood that those people died, isolated and isolated from their families. Well, we do have a measure where, where, when we know that the person, whether it be covered, 19 or another cause when we know that the person is about to die, we're not going to going to prevent the family from coming to see their parents for the last time we do take the measures masks for everyone, etc, but it depends on each case. Did it happen very quickly? I mean we remain humans, but at the same time, I repeat it there's a lot of people writing to me because they want to go visit, their mothers, their fathers in elderly homes. This is really not a good idea, and this is the worst thing that we wish. Now we have three homes for the elderly that are infected. That is where our three biggest risks are and we have to stop it. We have to limit the number of elderly, of homes for the elderly that are infected and earlier when, when you started speaking, you said I'm not a possibility, but a can that the food of residences might be infected. Could you talked about that? Well, we just had to make sure that the food that has received even the food delivers that come and bring the food not be in contact with the people inside the residence that the treatment of the food you know, cleaned and all that that it be done properly and that the staff as well, that is in contact with the elderly, that they have taken every single precaution from what I know. It's not because I've heard anything negative about this at all. When I talk to owners of homes for the elderly, they tell me well, listen, we have three risks. We have the food, we have our staff and we have our residents when they go out, and that is why they asked me to say: can we limit that third risk? But, let's not forget the first two I have the impression that elderly home owners are taking care of the first two risks very well and we've announced measures for the third one. But, let's not forget in the next few days, we can't relax those measures we can't splash in them. We have to keep them tight good afternoon. Talking about the lockdown, the partial lockdown there are received calls from different workers and there are businesses requiring people to come to work, even though on the list of essential services. So how can workers can complain about this without risking their jobs, and can you impose fines or some type of enforcement for those businesses? At some point yeah we can impose fine, but we don't want at this point, but people that see that they work in a service that is not on the list. They can stay around and they can communicate with us. Also I'll come back to you, -, which number but I, guess that the main number can be a good one. But of course we want only companies in the in Central Services to continue to work. You were talking about snowbirds, coming back, asking them to isolate themselves. You're, probably aware that in that now the federal government is imposing a quarantine of 14 days and there is a fine up to 1 million dollars. Since people are not respecting this, are you would you say that it's about time that we have this law in place and snowbirds coming back? Can they go for a walk outside? Okay? No, they cannot go the snowbirds. They cannot go for a walk outside. Please stay inside for 14 days regarding the define coming from the federal government or our government. What I said to John Jeff did boo this morning and she is, she will repeat or she's already repeating that to police forces. Is that at this step we want to inform so we want to inform the population were not I, think in the step where we have to start giving fines, but we have the power to do so, but at this time we only want to inform the population work with the federal government with this quarantine that is mandatory. The federal government needs our police people in Quebec to manage that we don't have the RCMP in Quebec, so it's going through the police, people, the SQ and spbm, and the other police people in Quebec, and now a few questions sent by email. The first one is from Rachel Fletcher Global News a homeless person as tested positive. Will you start testing in the shelters in anyone? Who's gonna be positive, it's going to be anyone who get symptoms is in shelter or not on the street, and everywhere they will be taken care and they will have a story of case and contact as I was telling and we're gonna may take the same measure as anyone in in Quebec and as a su-kyong now there's community spread and the fact you can infect someone else without showing any symptoms. Why haven't we started testing anyone who feels they need to be tested? First of all, you do test is going to be negative. If you don't have the symptoms and perhaps as I what we were telling as when we're gonna have enough rate less people from coming from outside and more people with no story of contact. There's gonna be tests for people who are symptomatic, but- and even I will tell you if you there is a case, there is a family person who gets sick. We won't, we will stop testing them because it's were gonna, be we call it a linked epidemiologic with the case so, but we will change the strategy as the epidemiology is gonna change in Quebec and now questions from fellow team Montreal Gazette starts with good day for mister arruda. The numbers of new kovin 19 cases continues to grow. We are the iose in Canada. Is this what you expected expected to see? Can you explain the increase? Yes, it's it's. What we expected to see and already and then I want to be to present I want to be present. We you know we had times when we double every day. The number of cases getting out. We have almost the same as yesterday, we'll see what is gonna happen tomorrow, but it's actually that what we see is what we plan. There is always small variations, so in fact, and I not the only one who looks at it. I got my experts too. We are not in the situation, even if there is a higher rate. Don't forget that we're looking at the Quebec of eight millions of population when you compare with Italy China its millions and millions, so we are getting virus. It's clear. There is virus, we are exporting virus from the outside and there are still now, which is some cases coming here again in Quebec. We will have like to ask you to head to mr. wood, see that right now we cannot compare our figures with the figures of other provinces, because the people we choose to test in Quebec we chose to test. Only people that have travel plus I have same Tom's in other provinces. We don't know if what if it is what they did. Mr. Hodes ot also have a question for you. Mr. logo, do you have a special message in English for children in this crisis? Yes, Matthew Lacombe will try to answer questions for his children and I am asking parents to explain to their children what's happening. I can understand that some children need some explanation. Okay and our last questions are for CTV. The World Health Organization's advised that some ambulance transport be designated and reserved for covered 19 patients. Eventually, we may have lots of people who will need to be transported to hospital because they are so sick as Quebec done this. What we're doing is adding a very, very clear protocol with the ministry, with all the enterprises who have ambulances to protect the paramedic, so that this is done and one last very question. The mayor of level 3 says, is not getting any specific information to tell his community. Will there be a special measure put in place in level 3 considering there have been for death and seniors are still going outside, there's no special directives for the city of level 3. The measures that needed to be put in place in were in the place where we had those people infected and they were put in place. That's all the time we have messy, we don't know them I. Thank everyone see you tomorrow,.