Okay, good morning, everyone they're actually good afternoon. Now it's it's good to be here with my colleague, Adrian Dix and dr. Bonnie Henry here on the traditional territory of the Squamish, muscular and slay of truth. First Nations I want to begin by advising all British Columbians that we have been leading the way with respect to containment and processes in place to protect citizens and communities against kovat 19. We've been world leaders. In fact, in terms of the work that we've been doing here since we first responded to the threat back in January, we put in place emergency protocols at that time. Provincial health officer, dr. Henry and Deputy Minister Stephen Brown, have been coordinating activities with regional health authorities, regional medical health officers, Health Services authorities like BC emergency health service, BC Centre for Disease Control, 8, 1 1, as well as indigenous First, Nations Health Authority mat core nation has been able to deliver timely updates, as you are all aware, regularly advising British Columbians of the state of play in terms of cases in terms of testing in terms of actions being taken by the government right out of the gate. The BC Centre for Disease Control developed an independent test for kovat 19, making sure that we could more rapidly assess risk a rapidly assess outbreak, because we didn't have to send our samples to a national lab and in since January we have tested 2803 samples involving two thousand and eight individuals. By the end of next week, we will have four additional labs able to test for cope at 19, as well as in the coming month, additional machines. So we can continue to increase the testing available to British Columbians. You will know that until recently, British Columbia had tested more samples than the entire United States. Of course, the rest of the hemisphere is catching up with us, but I'm very, very proud of the work that dr. Henry, Steven brown and, of course, Minister. Dix have been doing to ensure that british columbia's can have every confidence that everything we can do is being done and we're going to continue to increase testing capacity. As we see an increase, potentially the outbreak making its way to British Columbia. But our response has been robust and I want all citizens to be comfortable and confident. With that, our number one priority, of course, is to keep people safe to ensure that communities understand that there is a cross government approach and today I'm appointing a deputy ministers committee that will be co-chaired by Deputy Minister Laurie Hall from emergency management, British Columbia, as well as Stephen Brown from the Ministry of Health. This deputy ministers committee will guide a whole government approach to this at pandemic and ensure that we are as prepared as we could possibly be. In addition, that committee will report to a committee of cabinet that will be co-chaired by Minister, Dix and I that will include Finance, Minister Carol James, a Labour Minister Harry Bane's Public Safety Minister Mike, foreign Worth, Tourism Minister, Lisa Baer and economic development minister, Michelle, Mangal and I want to at this point thank every healthcare practitioner every nurse. Every doctor, every care aide every Health, Sciences professional for the extraordinary work they've been doing to ensure that British Columbians can have confidence in our public institutions when it comes to addressing this issue. Health care professionals are at the foundation of everything that we do and I know. Dr. Henry in her work with with administrators and with health care providers, can give you more details on that, but it is truly heroic work and we often times overlooked and neglect, saying thank you to those people who put themselves at risk for themselves in harm's way to ensure that we're protecting the public across the board and I just want to acknowledge that today, but we're ready to respond as conditions change, B, C's, pandemic province coordination plan is already underway. This deputy ministers committee will ensure that we are as topical and and timely with information to you as we can possibly be. There is already actions in place to address the spread of this disease and I want you to have every confidence that we're doing what we can to protect public services, whether it be education, whether it be transportation looking at challenges to our economy is critically important. These are a number of the issues that I've been dealing with. Other jurisdictions on I've been in contact with Governor Inslee in Washington State, as recently as Monday, to pass my condolences and the condolences of all British Columbians to the those who lost their lives to this disease in Washington states, and we discussed a range of issues how we can work cooperatively, jurisdiction to jurisdiction, in addition to that, I've been in regular contact with the Prime Minister and the Deputy Prime Minister Freeland, with respect to coordination with the federal government. The Council of Federation, which is the collection of premiers across the country, has had three conference calls in the past 10 days to coordinate efforts at the in that area and also, of course, we'll be meeting in Ottawa for a First Minister's conference. Next Friday Thursday Friday and will be a course at the centre of our discussions. Pan-Canadian approach to this challenge, but here in BC we have a public health care system that is second to none. Dr. Henry, our provincial health officer, has experienced fighting epidemics nationally and internationally. She was, of course, in Toronto, in 2003, with the SARS outbreak and in 2009 played a key role with the h1n1 outbreak. Dr. Henry and the experts of the Center for Disease Control are extraordinary individuals and they've been doing excellent work to give comfort and competence to British Columbians that we're doing everything that we can to protect their health, their well-being and, of course, ensuring that there's a seamless transition. If there's a need when the outbreak should it occur, gets worse than it is already. Twenty-One cases as Minister Dix and dr. Henry have advised you for in recovery. Only one currently in an ICU here in British, Columbia I believe that we're on the right track, but we need to be vigilance and I want to give Bruce Columbia's every confidence that the people here are at your disposal to give you information as it comes forward and now I'll pass it to Minister Dix. Thank you very much, premier Horgan. We know because we've been here before in British Columbia, that the key actions to deal with the epidemic are isolation, both individual isolation, if needed, large-scale isolation, widely communicating critical information. Things such as proper hand-washing, appropriate mask wearing calling ahead to doctors. Offices. If you are concerned about, we have done nearly daily briefings, as you know, with the media and have a team devoted entirely to ensuring all communications is up-to-date and accurate in real-time, as the situation evolves. Detailed, Public, Health investigations to take the path of exposure and ensure everyone is getting the care that they need and ensuring we can mobilize Rapid Response Teams quickly as the situation evolves. Today we are outlining in detail that in BC we are and have been ready and responsive on January 25th. Six weeks ago, BC establishes provincial coordination committee, co-chaired, as the premier said, by dr. Bonnie, Henry and Deputy Minister Stephen Brown. Since that time, exactly 42 days ago, we have identified 21 cases in British Columbia, only one of which has been admitted to the ICU. As premier organ mentioned, BC was one of the first provinces to rapidly develop its own tests. To detect kovat 19, so we could quickly identify anyone in BC with the virus. This meant that we couldn't find people efficiently and also identify those who did not have the disease making our response more effective. This is a premier mention. We have tested exactly two thousand eight hundred and three samples as of last night involving two thousand and eight individuals, and for those of you who understand and have seen the numbers before this. This is almost a doubling of the numbers in the last week as we have consistently upgraded our response. Our response, provincially and federally needs to carefully balance health risks with social risks and economic risks and to be able to adapt quickly as situational changes arise. As we updated our plans, our primary focus has been minimising serious illness and overall deaths and minimizing societal and economic disruption. At present, and dr. Henry will speak more to this. Our provinces, current focus and continued priority is on containing any instances of the virus through rapid identification, containment through isolation, monitoring and surveillance and responsive healthcare. We are in close collaboration with the federal government on border surveillance, travel advice and follow-up for travelers, and our focus will continue to be on enhance screening, information and awareness and testing for travelers at borders, as required. Our priority at present is to do our best to prevent, but at least and certainly to prevent the virus to contain the virus and at least delay the onset of widespread community transmission for as long as possible to get us through peak influenza season contain and slow, but be prepared, and that is what today's discussion is about. As the premier mentioned, I'll go into further detail in this now we have updated and are ready to use our BC pandemic provincial coordination plan as necessary as a situation evolves. This is a whole-of-government plan involving cross ministry coordination, increase their internal and external communications, while ensuring provincial government business continues as normal. This plan can be found online on the provincial health officers web page for pandemic preparedness. The Premier's cross government minister and deputy ministers committees will be coordinating action and resources across government adapting and increasing our responses quickly. When we are not at this point yet BC is ready and willing to use emergency powers should they become necessary, as set out in the emergency programme Act and the Public Health Act. At present, we are focusing on four key areas. There are as follows: one protecting the population, two protecting our most vulnerable citizens, three protecting health workers and for supporting our health care system capacity and I want to briefly lay out what measures we are taking in each of those areas. As a premier mentioned, we are increasing our testing capacity with additional sites and equipment across BC. We are increasing our proactive and targeted communication of potential risks for general population and more at risk people in our communities. There is a series of measures we're taking that you were briefed on previously in terms of public communication, but key to it, and all of you have heard this both from doctor Henry and myself. Many times is frequent hand-washing. It's not touching your face. It's staying home when you're sick, staying home from school, staying home from work and not visiting friends and family in hospital and long-term care. If you have any symptom, we're enacting government continuity plans to prepare for the possibility of high absence rates due to illness or if employees are absent to care for families and making sure the key functions within meet in each ministry can continue. Normally, this includes providing employees with the option to work remotely coordination within and across ministries to ensure that essential government services and programs have staff coverage to continue with minimal impact. We are prepared to reach out and work with institutions and businesses to help them manage through a sustained three to four month outbreak. This includes working with and providing guidance for business, employers and unions on implementing business community continuty plans protecting staff working from home for holding virtual meetings. This means working with grocery store chains to monitor, ensure supplies for daily living food chains and key suppliers to prepare and develop contingency plans, public transportation to reduce infection spread tourism and, in particular, establishing protocols for cruise ships in advance of the season, starting in British Columbia in the coming months. This means providing guidance and ongoing support to municipalities, schools and post-secondary institutions, as the premier said, this includes, as requested and as needed, using emergency powers to address a range of scenario: scenarios the second protecting vulnerable citizens. Bc is developing specific advice and protocols for vulnerable populations to prepare. This involves taking sensible steps to avoid infection, advising them to support self-care and when and how to reach out for help providing increase access to virtual care and providing appropriate access to medications. Our focus here is protecting those members of the community who are at highest highest risk and you've seen and heard through previous briefings who those people are that we have, of course a particular focus on care homes and on hospitals and seniors who are vulnerable and also people with chronic disease, and we are prepared should it be necessary to introduce an emergency fee schedule as needed to support this care in order to protect seniors in long-term care, assisted living and home and community care. We are prepared to activate outbreak protocols that are used every year. Influenza season. These include, are not limited to reducing the number of people coming into facilities, screening visitors who do come in and adding vigilance to respond to any indication of illness. Thirdly, we need to protect health care workers, and that is a key element of our plan, and this involves reminding and maintaining best practices for health care, implementing standardized preparedness plans and preparing provincially to coordinate and increasing local supplies, supply capacity and managing the supply chain for hospitals, communities and primary care facilities. I spoke to Minister hae-joo, the Federal Minister of Health. Just yesterday. On this topic and BC will be receiving a large symptom shipment of additional supplies. In the coming days, we are actively implementing plans to bring health care capacity to hospitals or community sites that come under stress. This may involve again should it be required. A program redevelopment of staff, a local redeployment of staff, I should say program, redeployment of staff, provincial redeployment of staff working with professional colleges for privilege and our registration on an urgent basis, if required, bc is currently in the process of establishing a list of health care workers and can be rapidly redeployed and as ensuring adequate management capacity for a sustained period. And, finally, we need to support our existing health care capacity. Bc, as you know, as the premier has said, has established Emergency Operations Committee, and we need to continue to build on that and build our work on that. We have functional protocols ready to implement, to create capacity as needed in hospitals for district discharging low-risk patients deferring scheduled surgeries if required and procedures, identifying capacity for new care spaces within hospitals and ensuring we have the bed and equipment capacity to operationalize these plans. We have already implemented emergency department and hospital wide protocols to safely triage and separate anyone presenting with respiratory illness. I wanted to just say finally, as before I say a kid, or more often see that we have been working diligently on this question for some time and all of these plans are being put in place because we know that we must prepare for the situation as it develops the current plan. The current work has been since we established a committee been in place for six weeks. We have, as, as we mentioned, 21 positive tests on approximately 2,800 samples, one person currently in an acute care hospital. So we are currently and clearly in the containment days, but it is our responsibility in the Premier's direction that we have been preparing for a month for a more serious situation as it develops. We live in an interdependent world as all of you know, and there are aspects of this that we simply do not and cannot control, and that's why we have to be prepared for Protege episode on Columbia Brittany come on Flicka. We did not attend you. A lamb, tacticid melody denote community. The gorilla malecon be brittany, collage on prudential la santé, on develop on, develop l, planned coordination, prevention pandemic de la Colombia technique for a pound or a LEvolution dose at APD me. The premium is John Horgan LOC nominee on committee, Minister, a give a supervised, a la prochaine governmental implementation plan, a kiva report, a direct EMA and committee, the cabanne Cali, my co-producer Dora the co-president, and with that I want to introduce a potential health officer, dr. Bonnie Hunt. Thank you very much and good afternoon. Everybody I want to start by saying that we do still have 21 people who have tested positive for kovat 19 here in British Columbia, four of whom, as you know, I, have recovered completely and have undergone the necessary testing. The one person that we do have in hospital at the moment is still in ICU, but her condition has improved, so we're very heartened to hear that today everybody else is being in is continues to be in isolation at home and to be monitored by Public Health across the province. So we are watching. As you know, we are watching what's happening both here in British. Columbia across Canada, our neighbors to the south and what's happening with this virus globally, and we have been doing that from the very beginning and I know, there's a lot of people who may not have been at our many press briefings before this, so just to say a little bit about this virus. So this is a corona virus. We know that corona viruses circulate in animals and for the most part they don't make animals sick and every now, and then they leap this species barrier into humans, and we have had that happen before with SARS in 2003, with one called MERS, which is the intermediate is camels, and it continues to cause disease periodically in parts of the Middle East in particular, and now, as of late last year, we've had this one who's which has jumped into human populations. The initial outbreak, as you're aware, has been in Wuhan City and in particular in Hubei Province in China, but over the last number of weeks, we've seen it transition to many many countries around the world, and today we know that over 80 countries have had cases of this. Where particularly, have been watching what has happened in China and there is very detailed and strong isolation measures and types of responses that we have never seen before, put in place in China and what is heartening to us and when looking at the data, there is much more that we know about this virus. Now there were many unknowns at the very beginning. We didn't know if the types of control measures in China would work, but we now have a lot of data that tells us it did and we have a roadmap. We understand the things that we need to do here to protect ourselves and our community. We know that there are actions that we can take that will prevent the spread of this transmission. We've learned a lot about the genetic makeup of this virus in in 2003. It was months before we had a test for SARS. So within weeks of the genetic sequence being published from China, our lab here in British Columbia was able to develop a test that allowed us to determine who had this disease and who didn't and that's a really important thing. It's been key to our ability to understand how this virus is spreading in this province, and so I've been talking quite a lot about contained delay, prepare, and that is the mantra that we have been working on. We've been watching what happens in other countries that have not, maybe being as prepared we've seen. What's happened in countries like South Korea, like Japan, what's happened on the cruise ship in Japan and kind of now, most recently in Iran and in northern Italy. We know that the activities that we do in public health to identify people early to identify all the case that the contacts that they had and to be able to isolate them and when they're in the incubation period. So that's the period between exposure and when you develop symptoms yourself. So the difference is with this virus that we know it's. It's less severe in many ways than SARS, which had a case fatality rate about 10%, we're much less than that, but it's much more severe than what we see with influenza that circulates and affects people in our communities every year. So we're right in that spot, where it is more transmissible, so it spreads from person to person much more easily than SARS, but not as easily as influenza, but causes more severe disease. It's a very challenging virus to to be able to contain, and we've seen that globally, we've been doing our focus on identifying people who are sick, making sure we understand who their close contacts are and putting them in isolation before they develop symptoms themselves, and that has been working our last four cases. Four of the last cases that we announced just this week were people who were in isolation because we knew that they had been close contacts of a case. A person who had traveled here from Iran so being able to contain them, means that they no longer transmit to somebody else and to us that's called breaking the chains of transmission. So when we look at how this disease is progressing globally, we start with those countries that don't have any cases. Then we have individual cases and that's where we have been for the most part. We also know that then there's Buster's of cases that arise in some communities. We've had a little bit of that here, where people haven't realized that they've been at risk of Kovan 19 and have transmitted to several others before we have identified them. We've been able to contain those by using the public health activities that we do every day we are looking for, and preparing for other areas are other ways that this virus has been transmitted in communities around the world. So part of that is managing community outbreaks, and northern Italy is a good example of that, where there was quite a bit of spread in the community before it was recognized, and there are additional measures that you need to take to address a community outbreak and then in some countries that China in particular and Iran right now, there's a country right-o break. We are not at that point in Canada or in BC. We are still very much in the case and small cluster management and the containment focus, but we really do need to think about what would happen and what would it look like and how will respond if we start seeing some of those other scenarios here in British Columbia and that's what today is a vote? It's about making sure that everybody is aware of what they need to do and that all of government is behind us in making sure we have those tools in our toolbox. Should we need them to respond to a different scenario in a changing scenario, either in one of our communities or more in in the province of British Columbia, and so it's very clear that we are in a we're in a global situation. We are very connected around the world and this virus doesn't recognize any of our geopolitical boundaries. So we need to take the measures that we can to do our very best to protect the citizens of British Columbia everybody who is here in BC, but also to ensure that our health care system is protected and is able to care for people both. Who have this disease if it progresses and we get more people who are ill with it, but also to effectively care for everybody else who needs our health services and that's what the plan here is about, so we do so what we can control as I've mentioned. You know there are many things we can't. What we can control is how we prepare here and the basics of it that I want everybody to think about in our community right now. This is a global crisis that we are all dealing with. We all need to take those measures right now to do everything we can to reduce the transmission of respiratory illnesses and it comes down to those basic things that we talk about every day: cleaning your hands regularly covering your mouth when you cough not touching your face in your eyes and really importantly, right now having a very low threshold, even if you just have the sniffles, even if you're starting to feel unwell, stay away from others staying home from school stay home from work. This is a the one thing that we can do right now. That is really important to prevent the transmission of this infection and we are still in influenza season. So we need to be very vigilant about not spreading any of our respiratory illnesses to others, making sure that we're not going into hospitals we're not going into long-term care homes if we have any concerns about respiratory illnesses so that we can best protect those people that we know are more vulnerable both to influenza, but also to this disease, so I'll leave it at that for today. Thank you, okay, so Jen will manage questions so with that we're gonna take some questions on topic today in the room first and then to the phone's time permitting we'll go to some off-topic questions. If you do have a question, please raise your hand. We have some microphones and my colleagues here will bring them to you. I think we're gonna start over here. First premier excuse me premium over here: Erin McArthur, Global News, a couple of questions for you. Travel travelers to British Columbia from hotspots have been told to to look for symptoms. People from Iran and China have been told to self isolate. We've had a case from Seattle now in British, Columbia Ontario has had a case from Las Vegas show up. Will the same travel restrictions be placed on travelers coming from south of the border? Well, we, as I said I spoke with Governor Inslee earlier in the week, I've been in regular contact with Christian Freeland and the prime minister. As you know, entry points into Canada are a federal responsibility, but again the I say that, because it's a fact but I don't want to leave the impression with the public that we're not coordinating our efforts across jurisdiction, whether it be a US Canada, Washington, British, Columbia or British Columbia within the Confederation. We are taking best practices and best advice from dr. Henry and others in terms of how we will implement the policies that we are, the the framework that is in place for emergency preparedness and as more information becomes available, we'll give more information to the traveling public, but first principles have been effective in containment here and we expect to maintain those for the foreseeable future. The second question on employers. We are hearing reports of employers telling people to stay home and not getting paid, even though they don't have kovat, 19, symptoms or or any quarantine at all. Yeah at what point does does employee rights become an issue for this emergency plan? Well, as I as I mentioned, Minister Harry, Bane's Minister of Labour is as part of our Committee of cabinet. That's addressing these issues and that's because we need to look at the Employment Standards Act. How can we work with small businesses, particularly but all businesses, to ensure that they are not forcing employees to come to work, and we want to also work, of course, with the federal government who has other tools at their disposal with respect to unemployment insurance so that we can put in place protections for employees and also give companies the scope and the latitude to continue their businesses but to also protect their employees that are not ill and also show compassion to those employees that do get ill so we're looking at all of that we're at early stages. This is not just a health issue, it's an economic issue! That's why I'm minister James and Minister Mangal and Minister bear on the committee, because we need to look at tourism. We need to look at what the consequences for a small open economy like British Columbia. How will we outward-facing looking at the seven billion souls on the planet that we want to trade? With that we have social and cultural connections to how do we continue to maintain that and also give the public a high degree of confidence that we're protecting their interests as well? This is a delicate balance, but it's one that I believe that we've been effective at to this point in time and we expect to continue in that direction. Next, so Georgie from CBC this. Second, a question for Minister Dix and dr. Henry, we've seen in the last few days that the US has opened up the testing to you know non centralized health authorities. What would be the reason for BC not pursuing that to this system, for the laboratory? Testing in the United States is quite different than ours and we have adequate capacity within our public health system. We've been expanding the number of sites around the province that can do this testing to speed up the turnaround time so that it's easier and we have the capacity to do the testing we need. If the system we have- and if you just look at what's happened in the last in the last week, we did a very high level of testing. In the last week, more than twice that had been done in the United States, we doubled that essentially this week, going from 1425 samples to just over 2,800 samples from and significantly increased, doubling the number of people's samples. So we have been testing our capacity, and this is extraordinary work by the BC Centre for Disease Control. We're expanding that capacity again now and we are also we've also took steps in February to purchase even more equipment. So we can continue to expand our capacity, but we have the capacity we need to address this and and I think we've demonstrated that substantially. So far during the technical briefing, we were told that, if necessary, we will be prepared to to deal with this for possibly up to four months. And what lessons do you think we've learned considering the wildfire coverage we, we were told that a lot of the strategies that are in place now are thanks to lessons. We've learned from past seasons of massive wildfires, mm-hmm, well and floods as well and in the short two-and-a-half years that I've been premier we've faced two of the worst fire seasons in BC history, significant flooding and now potential expansion of pandemic into into British Columbia, and we have learned as elected representatives I know. I can speak for Adrienne and I, but also having the benefits of a public service, a professional public service that is at the ready, always improving, always looking at the experience that will create best practices going forward. Having Laurie halls, the deputy minister responsible for emergency management, BC co-chairing with the Deputy Minister of Health and again the access to dr. Henry to the Center for Disease Control, which has been exemplary to this point in time, gives me every confidence that we have learned from past experiences, whether it be SARS in 2003 or the wildfire seasons and the floods that followed and again the citizens are always rallied together in times of adversity. I believe that's when the character of our of individuals of governments and of communities really shines through and I'm very proud of the the work. That's been done to date and I have every confidence of that work will continue to be of the highest quality possible--. The people of British Columbia can be confident that we're doing everything we possibly can to contain this outbreak and to ensure that, on the economic side, we've got plans and provisions in place and they will emerge in the in the weeks ahead again. Coordinating with the federal government, I have always taken the approach. That's working with people is far better than working against them. I think that puts us in a good position with the federal government. The Prime Minister and I and Minister Freeland have been in regular contacts as I say, we're having a first ministers gathering next week and we'll continue to take the experience. The positive experience here in British, Columbia and duplicate that across the country and I will say without telling tales of the school talking to premier forward of the most populous province in the country. That has a significant number of cases as well they're looking to British Columbia for direction and again having dr. Henry's experience that goes back to Toronto and then here to British Columbia allows these linkages, these professional and personal and political linkages. To give me confidence that we're in a good place and we'll continue to work on that going forward and remove from the globe now for dr. Henry I was curious. What your reaction was when you learned of the first case of community spread here and whether there's been any update at all in that investigation yeah. That investigation is obviously one that we're watching very carefully and there's a lot of detailed disease detective work being done in the last 24 hours. It was not surprising to me. Obviously it's something that we've been watching for and part of our strategy has been to have surveillance in place that will allow us to determine if there was community spread. So the fact that we picked it up, it reassures me that we are doing surveillance that allows us to to pick up these events. It also reassures me that these events are not that common, yet here in BC, and hopefully won't be so it was not unexpected, certainly something that we are prepared to deal with and the detailed investigation, the resources that we need to put into that are ongoing right now and just to follow up on that question. What's happening now in terms of where this woman was located, is the investigation going they're looking? It was at a public place, looking at public places or more person-to-person contact? All of that. So we have we're doing a couple of things one we want to know every everybody she's been in contact with since she developed symptoms, and so there's some details around that. But then we need to go back two weeks to try and determine where is a likely place that she might have been in contact with somebody else who had this disease and that's rapidly changing you know is the what events that she was sent. We go by day by day. You know: where were you here? How did you get there? We do all of the details. Did you go by bus? Did you take a private car to do and how long did you spend in this place? Who did you talk to how close were you with them? So there are a number of public events, there's a number of the places that she's attended, there's a workplace, so those are all things that are being investigated in detail that community transmission, of course, tomorrow we've got 77,000 people in BC Place, a question for all three of you is that a concern so I think you know looking at that. One case of community transmission tells me that our surveillance that we have in place is working and we are not seeing lots of cases pop up, as was what has happened in the in Washington State, for example, when they started doing the testing locally. So I, we are still very much in the small cases clusters phase here in British Columbia, so I do think it is safe to have our gatherings, but I would say. For you know, the most important thing right now is for anybody who is ill not to go and to stay home to stay away from those events when other people are going to be there and for anybody who is going to make sure you do all of those things that help prevent transmission, so cleaning your hands regularly, making sure you're not touching your face, covering your cough if you're coughing yourself, but really important for all of these events, making sure you stay home and somebody who is more susceptible to having severe illness from this disease and has concerns now would be a time to think about avoiding some of these larger gatherings. This is for the premiere on the theme of rugby sevens. Canada sevens public gatherings are concerned, and this is starting to touch the sports world. This is going ahead and the people of BC place are confident they they can do it safely. Last year you attended sat in the public. You had a good time. Are you gonna go this year and sit in the public again and show your confidence in attending a public event here in British Columbia I'm not going to be attending rugby sevens this weekend, saddened by that from a personal perspective, but it has nothing to do with concerns about help. My health and well-being, or those that would attend I, would take advice from dr. Henry. Those who are passionate about rugby as you and I are attend if you have tickets good for you, but if you're ill stay home, it's not just work we're talking about. It is public gatherings. If you're not well, you should not co-mingle with your neighbors and with fellow citizens, but it's not my reason for not being at the rugby sevens has nothing to do with kovat 19 is everything to do with, firstly, not having a ticket and secondly, having other things, I need to do, but it will be a exciting event. There were a number of fugiens that I met last nights, who were very excited and I was with at a breakfast this morning with the the consul general from Ireland, and he says that their rugby sub, the Irish teams here this year and they're gonna, do very very well and just one more question on the plan: you're talking about redeployment in a variety of areas. What about replying? The mass communication resources you're currently running ad campaigns for the budget for the ICBC reform for the the childcare program, all items which are important to the cabinet, your party, but at this time, are you gonna, redeploy resources, substitute those messages out and put messages in there about coronavirus? Well, I would argue those issues are not just important to me, they're important to the public and that's why we're advertising them, but certainly public service announcements are part and parcel of the plan that going forward and we'll be working as as a cabinet, with advice from the deputy ministers Committee on the appropriate time to make those public service announcements. I want to commend all of the media outlets here today and those that have been following this at the regular briefings that are being delivered by Minister Dickson and dr. Henry III. That gives me confidence that the public, through the media outlets represented here, have a high level of understanding of the challenge here. But I don't dismiss your points and we're certainly going to look at that in the range of options we have at our disposal: q question former the French CBC Foreign, Minister, obviously, or now told you parallelize your jaws, no way kiss cope with that on take a little say: Kelly Rossini, all observables, one Pokemon say: I met hot plastic noodles. Other problem is your dick is so necessary, a silica satiric at the premium way, Mitnick augment su confit pond on set period, for example, a seminar on the air on a fee common risk milk at some test, lock, city misc at sample II. Lately, cats Amman, a piranha, Mountain Lucifer, don't too late to the Toledo main, actually call a Tony would do -, NASPA, donk, donk, Tony's, Apatow, etc. On that problem, as your dick is in SSL actually night before, do you Connor vente young Columbia technique? Don't sooner rest caramel a l'hôpital may eat for prepare a these odd circumstances. Sister confit on our tool, approval the premonitions are done. A to reprove are necessary. Poor rebound, tequila, necessarily don't trip on sermon, sounds Connie. Connie, proposed law may food year. Comment could set in question three areas: Kin Kin, Kin, Apple, Summa, Kinney, paddy seed, a cinnamon, Paul V, normal economy, Brittany criminal Canada ketosis was to increase common Internacional, don't ill. If Valois at related to slap. We have time for a couple more in the room. We're gonna go here and then here and then we must go to the phone news Frankie, and this is a question for dr. Harry as well. Ontario has revealed the movement of several patients when they taking public transit and happening to a public places, and why B C's not doing the same, because there were concerns for those who, especially for the case of community infection, that people other people might have been exposed as well. So we do a detailed investigation of everybody and what they've been doing where they've been when they're symptomatic, and we have not had instances where we've had exposures that have put people at risk that we've needed to address publicly. That may happen, and we would certainly be willing to do it and are ready to do that. Should we need to hi I'm David from facial TV I'm, like my question for Doctor Who is: do you think people is necessary to wear masks and if not, why not? So, yes, maths are important in this, but they're important for people to wear. If they're sick, we don't recommend that people who are well wear them, because it is not an effective way of protecting yourself and we know that it actually can be irritating and people are more likely to touch their face when they have a mask on, and that can be a way of inoculating yourself. So we know this is a droplet spread infection and by what that means to us is that means you get it by breathing in the virus in small droplets, when people cough or sneeze. So you have to be quite close to somebody and we've seen that from the evidence around the world, the people who are most affected are your family, your friends, the people that you're in meetings with in group settings with for a period of time. It's not something that spreads widely in the air, but the other way that people can get infected with. This is if there's droplets, on the surfaces with somebody who has been ill who's being there, and then we touch our hands, but they don't. We don't get infected through our skin. We get infected by having those droplets on our hands and the virus, and then touching our face or nose or mouth so really important is to clean our hands regularly and that kills. The droplets kills the virus so that we're not inoculating ourselves, and we know that, particularly for kids, if you put a mask on them, they're much more likely to touch their face and hands and contaminate their mask and potentially contaminate themselves.