Hi guys same as every day, 30 minutes, one question one follow-up and dr. Yaffe and dr. Williams will give brief remarks. Okay, good afternoon, and yesterday we were talking about the number of cases we thought they were going to go up by extensively and they did not go up further from what we had on Thursday. But there was some times of lab ramping up and more of a quality assurance of our new labs that are coming on board all the time. So we're going to talk about our lab testing today, as well as some other measurements of how we're doing as we're completing this first week of the two-week period instead of one of high intensity and high and I guess, adherence to the social distancing and the physical distancing in that line there, with the ongoing aspects of the essential businesses and shut down a number of aspects there, as all the levels of government, both federal and provincial and different provinces and territories, are taking steps to stay the course in this ongoing struggle and issue to limit flatten the curve we'd like to think planked occur. But let's try make sure we flatten the curve about Kovach 19 at this time, as we watch the various scenarios unfolding in different countries around we'll talk about that in a moment, but first over to the Ontario data. Let's get those numbers from dr. Yaffe today. Okay, thank you very much. So we now have a total of 1140 to laboratory confirmed cases of kovat 19 in Ontario. Fortunately, we haven't had any new deaths since yesterday, we're still at the total of 18, which includes two that were not laboratory, confirmed. They were linked in an outbreak in a nursing home, so which means our total number at this point is 1144 cases. This is an increase of 151 over yesterday. The the exposure information in terms of where these cases may have acquired the infection still missing in about 45 percent of cases, but in those where we have the information, 29 percent traveled 10 percent were a close contact of a confirmed case. 16 percent were community acquired ie, no travel history, no history of close contact of those who had traveled the United States is the top destination. They came from the United States at this point has reported a hundred and eight seven hundred and forty five thousand cases, and this is already quite higher than China, which had 81 thousand three hundred and ninety-four cases. The most second-most common destination was Europe in terms of the people in the ICU. At this point, we're aware of 63 patients with kovat 19, who are in NICU and of those 46, are on ventilators. The lab data which we can speak about more, is showing that the backlog of numbers is going down. We were over 10,000 now we're just around 8,500 and so more work to be done, but it's going the right direction. Thank you all right, and so with that we also have been monitoring known than the backlog in the laboratory testing and how we're making headway as the other satellite laboratories are opening up and then picking up speed after they've gone through their quality checks, and that's excellent news in that line there. The other aspect is that as we're looking at the hospitalizations trying to keep the numbers and that we look like there's currently there's 63 people at this time in ICU, 46, nice, you and 17 are not ventilated in those settings there. So we continue to see that number slowly coming up the actual number of the hospital anytime. We haven't got those exact numbers in there because it tends to fluctuate with people being mitad and discharged with the more concerning ones, of course, related to intensive care, unit admissions and a ventilation as necessary. In that regard, I think. The other aspect is we watch on the Canadian situation here. While we have now 1144 in Ontario Quebec, our neighbors to the east are moved up quickly to a 2021 and British Columbia is holding just around about 790 in that regard, and the other provinces are each dealing with increases gradually in their own respective jurisdictions. So you can see the the issue is continuing to move in around there we've heard some comments from the federal government around their quarantine order. We are still trying to get clear on how they're going to actually implement that again on each of the ports of entry, where it's at airports, land border crossings, some rail in a few places not much as far as Ontario concern with water and looking at the as I said to tabulate that with the Canadian Border Security Administration and trying to the numbers there. And then how are these individuals going to be denoted? How it's gonna be documented, and how are we going to participate and work with federal government in that regard, to ensure that the individuals are come into this late date from traveling? One are informed of what they're supposed to do and known it wasn't be informed, but they educated and what they need to do be assisted in doing that, and we want to be able to help them in that regards because I think. For most part, they want to do what's right, understand what they're supposed to do and then to get advice on how and what they can or can't do so they can honor the order properly for their period of 14 days. Assuming the fact they're all coming across asymptomatic in that and then how they would be tested if they needed to be if they develop symptoms and so that it's coming back in the country, they would need to be informed. What's currently going on. How does it work? How does a self-assessment tool work? How does telehealth work? How does your primary care doctor system work and because they've been out for a bit and may not be up to all things as you're aware have been changing day by day, and you heard today, the premier and our Minister speaking on various issues around supply chain, gouging and monitoring the ordering and supplies and materials? This is a very critical thing, as we try to ramp up all the air shoes around personal protective equipment and our supplies and orders. Many things coming in from different areas: orders from the federal government promising and we're trying to keep on top of that and making sure that the everyone gets some, but the priority ones get first, but we don't want anyone left out. So we have to keep monitoring that, through our regional offices of Ontario health, to ensure that when we need it and when we ramp up with any further cases of that, those various sectors will be ready to do that. And that's why we keep seeing that with the limitation of elective procedures still trying to address those that are not totally elective. That still need to be dealt with in a timely fashion, to understand those individual cases and make sure they're taken to the right tables with their healthcare provider, as well as with a facility to understand what the perspective is and that they would get the care they need. If it's not elective, then it's on urgent or simiiar jan basis, because during this time of preparation, we want to make sure that no harm is done and that people need to care originally get the care they need in an urgent basis in a timely way. So we're still trying to monitor all those aspects in that regard and with that our mergency department visits with the assessment centers large known them up and running, because we have almost 77 sites up and running. So our emergency two visits have been dropping, so that gives them the buffer, if you may, if all of a sudden have to deal with a sudden increase if it did occur, as well as the hospital and the occupancy rate is down to quite a bit of a low in ten years, so they're building up that resiliency to be able to respond and that we can work with our long-term care ministry and AHS Wells with our seniors ministry, around the long-term care facilities and the retirement homes and other venues that we're looking at on a fairly rapid basis of what we might be able to open up quickly to increase our capacity looking at all different scenarios and how we might have to proceed. So all things are moving in direction. We continually have more briefings again with our decision-makers, both of the premier and our minister, deputy premier, as well as with a cabinet and update on that, so that they are fully appraised and responding as they see fit falling on their emergency order and actions they're in so those are the general summary of where we're at today. This is the end of the first week of the two week of intense monitoring this coming week, which will be the second week of the initials to school closures. Post March Break is one to be monitored where the numbers of tests and positives I'm a little surprised, they're staying in the mid 100's and upper 100's I thought we might be over 200 shortly, but we're getting moving on the backlog of tests so well. A few tests are only a thing to monitor. We need to see how the trend goes over the next four or five days, so my general message is again: do you're doing well, keep at it keep doing all those inventive ways so staying connected while being separated, and it's like communal gathering and isolation all at the same time it seems like a an oxymoron, but people seem to be doing it really. Well. I applaud the Ontarians for doing that, the retail industry for stepping up and helping in a way that still delivers the essential services while protecting their employees and the shoppers that they get what they need when they need to get it in a safe and a timely way, while trying to stay home and to honor that aspect as well. So with that I'm going to open up for questions, and thank you for your time. Okay, we'll take the first question. Your first question comes from Terry Maremma with BBC national news. Please go ahead. Hi there I asked the Minister of Health about this. Could you move closer to your microphone? You faded there. Who are you we can't hear you? Can you come closer to your phone? Please and maybe take it off for you graviton, you know not on speaker. It's I'm, just hearing a bit of an echo, that's better so sounds like a new market is reporting. 6 of 15 ICU beds are in useless coated patients and are warning that their ICU will fill up in the coming days with COBIT patients. Are there any other hospitals in the province providing similar warnings? The minister of health related to the possibility of shuffling caseload? Another Hospital is not happening anywhere in the problem. Oh thank you and to my knowledge that we haven't heard others talk about that current load they're talking about concerns about imminent and that could increase soon and that's all part of the act of reporting, the the. If there are cases they don't all present equally throughout and so part of that is to ascertain if one Hospital is being overburdened, can we reassign them to other facilities around and handle that and that that's part of the regional model? That's part of the reasonable issue of shifting and moving first of all within the facilities within the region, with our regional Ontario health planning and then those coordinate up to our command table about moving on a larger basis and how we might be reassigning, when they're being transferred by state paramedics to a different location at that time and how we would do that to and maintain at least some buffer capacity at each hospital. Knowing that this is going to be a challenge, if we get an increase, it won't all occur equally across the province happen, different areas in different times and it'll wax and wane, and some extent in that so we're gonna have to be nimble and to keep the data up and keep responding hello either. Sorry about that, how many kovat tests are we currently processing daily? You talked about working to clear the backlog. The government suggested the target will hit 5000 tested day by week. Then, are we going to hit that target and what is the estimate on being able to clear the backlog? So you ought to try. I did my own back-of-the-envelope calculation, but I'll. Let you comment on the general issue: dr.. You have okay, sure, I know where we're doing over 3,000 a day at this point and aiming for 5,000 by early this coming week and aiming for something are close to 19,000 by mid-april their doctor wondering Portugal passed away last night in the ICU of London Health Sciences Centre I'm, wondering if that death is included in your updated numbers and also what the recovery rate of people in Ontario that go into ICU for treatment is for coma 19. Well, we are not aware of the of that honor. You know the death in London Health Sciences, it hasn't if it was from kovat 19. It hasn't been reported at this point. Perhaps they haven't figured out the cause of death, yet so that, as soon as we know, we would add it to our data. Although I was on your second part of your question there, it's a good question. We know some who have recovered from intensive care, inventing our our number. There is still small, but where that would be a good one to collect or to understand, as we go forward to see what is our recovery rate in that aspect, and so I have been advised many statistics and again, as dr. Yaffe said the London case. If it came in late, it wouldn't be part of our report today, it'll be for the report tomorrow and they may be in the process of having sent samples in for testing, and we have to wait to see it hasn't entered into our positive lab test. But it may be a suspected case in that and just needs laboratory confirmation. Okay, next question about the supply of fifty five million, not that were stockpiled after SARS. They know that those men have expired, have they all been destroyed and it's not how many masks are from a stockpile are available to be distributed to? Well, you have to remember it when those were stockpiled after SARS in 2003 by 2013. Most them are already 10 years old, so all were actually taken out of that amount way back nearly five six years ago there are some left or because anywhere at all, purchased at the same time, and there has been some replenishing of certain supplies and stocks of that. So some have expired quite a while ago, and some of just expired as a result we're trying to get direction from the manufacturer for manufacturers and also from Health Canada about the usage of expired in 95. You have to have some level of inspection. What they can or might or could be used for. We're certainly have clear direction that they could be used for fit testing, because then it's an elastic band, that's the weakness! Sometimes it's the actual event and then the other aspect that one might use them for is that they could still suffice quite well in place of a surgical mask, but then we'd have to make sure they were at least visibly denoted on the mask that it was not a 95 anymore. It was a surgical mass equivalent. So we're looking at all those ideas there as we continue to ramp up our supplies and orders with all the other ones coming in and we've been encouraged with the various sources that are coming and promises and that so we're it's a full-time court press and that matter by our team working on personal protective equipment. Next question comes from snowman cookies from Canadian Press. Please go ahead. Hi there, the province is announce that they want to reduce gatherings to just five people eventually and I, wanted to ask if this would have any sort of effect. Somehow businesses like grocery stores would operate and whether you'd recommend any for changing yeah we're in active discussion of what we might want to do. One thing we're trying to differentiate is the big concern of a lot of the other provinces. Is the public gatherings of more out in public places and parks and on the streets etc, and that, meanwhile, there are what you call essential services such as retail food, groceries, we're to have more than say number five in a store dating time would not be surprising when you have employees and shoppers, but having you know, 300 people in would not be acceptable, so lemon them are already doing, and in retail and essential services taking steps to maintain the physical and social separation, which is the key in there, and also to have the proper things to protect their cashiers and vendors in that light. So that's some, so you have to differentiate between numbers and public gatherings versus events or events that are actually tabled or you're talking about internal things as in essential services and business. How would they continue to operate in a way that people can acquire those essential services and yet not compromise on their aspects of physical and social separation? So all these things are an open and dialogue at this time and if there any changes, we would hope to have that out to you in. In a short time to stop people from traveling domestically, if they have symptoms other, would affect overall rates in Ontario and whether there might be any plans in Ontario to also include a ban on travel, because the ban currently only includes trains and because the the federal government announced concerns with travel and domestic within Canada. If you're symptomatic and of course, our thing if they were leaving disembarking or going on a flight or something here across into other provinces. If you're symptomatic, you shouldn't be at the airport anyways, you should be home, and so you should not be flying. You should not be traveling the train. You should not be going the bus, you should not be out in the public, you should be staying home and we can't emphasize that's strong enough, and you may feel that there's pressures and issues, but by doing that, and by succumbing to that kind of pressure, you can put a lot of people at exposure at risk and cause quite a bit of consequences. So we actually take that seriously as far as how that might affect all the different types of travel and how I might monitor that. That's all being worked out, because you just heard some announcement today by the prime minister, and so it's just fresh out at the same time. How does that impact us so far on our our cases and issues and concerns? We haven't had a lot that would say travelled from province, X or province. Y we've had a few and as chief medical officer of health. If we knew of cases that have come over from our province of theirs, they want to share the information or the other way around, because we would want to do a case contact back here that they might have been symptomatic already in one province, and they need to know that information. So we share it as much as we can between each other. It hasn't been a huge number, fortunately, but we have to monitor that as we're getting more and more so-called case communities arise and related unrelated to contacts and international travel. Next question: your next question comes from Kelly grant with the globodyne go ahead, Kelly we're having trouble hearing on you we're just having a little trouble hearing you, okay, I'm gonna, be louder. Now am I ladder now? Can you hear me? Okay, okay, I'm close to the bonus I can't be here. I wanted to ask about the nursing home cases and I'm wondering if you're planning to stick with this sort of flu outbreak needs policy of stopping testing after three cases, I I understand the reasons why on the ground, but I imagine terms of tracking the cases, we're gonna see a lot of deaths in nursing homes. Would it be beneficial to know for certain that they had tested positive? Yes, we've been. We looked at that we're trying to assess, because when we have a outbreak in a nursing home or a long-term care facility, that's based on when you have a cluster of syndromes a syndrome week of respiratory. You don't say: well, we have to wait for the test results to come back, so then we would declare if you have two one or two or more in a certain area. You would declare an outbreak and start your investigation, which includes a lot of steps and processes that are laid out in our protocols. Part of that, if you identify the organism and in normal flu season, since flu is quite endemic in the province after a while, you know which areas of the province has lots of circulating. There is not much need to go any further that because you'd already undertaken your steps to previously to vaccinate all those residents for flu and you start using Tamiflu to treat them proactively. So you try and curtail any outbreak with Cova 19. We don't have a vaccine and with kovat 19 are anti virals such as Tamiflu or also tama vir. Do not work in the case of corona virus, so we don't have that venue there. Therefore, how should we alter our programs and services? So we've looked at that to say well and talk to our consultants on how we could assess and pick up quickly on any type of outbreak. In there again it was syndromic respiratory, but sometimes we're finding with the Cova 19. Some of our elderly people in these residences don't give very much evidence of the symptoms. Some do not mount much of a fever. They don't have a very significant change in their coughs, I'm going to be coughing all the time. Anyways and some have certain always a certain level shortness of breath because of their comorbidity. So it is the channel for a long-term care staff - to notice that there's been a change, if you may in the person status and that they would alert them the fact that something's going on- and so we continue to delve into that and as far as our testing, we may choose to test more at this time in the case of an outbreak simply because people are asking those questions so we're looking at how we're altering our protocol to make it more addressing the uniqueness of the Cova 19 as as we're learning presenting itself in this high-risk, vulnerable population. But our priority, mostly, is keep it out of the long-term care facility. That means putting a real I guess someone might use the term wall around them, and that means careful screening of all visitors, limiting visitors, only essential ones and over your staff and making sure you're, not moving infections from one facility to another by staff, movement, etc. So these are all steps that were certainly directing and dealing with, and discussions with the Ministry of long-term care say you're thinking about it. Why not just go ahead with it? Two or three reasons, one is that if you went tested everyone in all the nursing homes all the time, we wouldn't make much progress on our other testing of cases that are symptomatic. So it would use up all our laboratory testing capacity Plus. That means, then some of the priority ones would not get seen right now we decide that cases in a long-term care facility that we were suspect as an outbreak is a priority testing of those individuals to test everybody all the time. Each time a negative result doesn't tell you much, except that you didn't find at that time. The chance of just find a positive now and again on regular testing is a little bit like you know, a fishing expedition, so you've got to do something: a bit more timely and effective and efficient than doing testing all the time. So we're looking at many ways. We might do that tomorrow, that better and if we have to do an outbreak investigation, how we might do wider testing without compromising our overall provincial lab or laboratory system, which still is mostly driven by a lot of people from the public sector. Traveling sector returning symptomatic and, of course, meeting the needs of testing our inpatients, the ones in intensive care and emergency departments. If and when they do arrive, our health care workers to assess them as well and then are always concerned about some of our more isolated remote communities, as in our first nation citizens to make sure we have those tests, those tests done in a timely fashion. So it's all a matter of a right balance and to get it the best result for the best procedure trying to gain the best protection, and if it doesn't move the yardsticks much on protection, then we should look at other things that we're trying to do, and that's we're really trying to drive it this time. Next question please go ahead! Last week you was said that you would reach 5000 tests per day by bah-bah 5 by the end of the week and I believe dr. Jaffe just says that will be breached sometime early next week now. Instead, why has it taken you longer or beat that mark well doctor having a the the the number there I was doing. My back of envelope was the ones we sent out to some other labs out that they haven't give us having to process them all. Yet my total that I got or that ones that today moved out was around about 4100, so we're getting close to that number, and so that's a matter of how their dad is going to come into our system from those other labs and that we're still working out the logistics of that. If you may so I see in potential there we did. We could have done probably about 4,200 today, so we're pretty close to mark and so I'm still optimistic, maybe even by the end of the weekend early part of next week, we'll be at that 5. But it's all these different different labs and components and groups coming together. That takes a coordination and timing to get it to all come with the results. So we have them in front of us to speak of the table here. If I could just add to that, you know I think. As we add these new labs, they have to go through testing to ensure that their tests are valid. So the first 500, or so that they that each lab does have to be verified by the Ontario public health lab. So that's a very you know, quick step, but it has to be done before those numbers can start to go up as well on modeling or various scenarios and so on in in the British Columbia yesterday they had didn't walk through showing what kind of modeling they currently have and what that means. Um have you done your own modeling or different scenarios that might happen and uh? Would you be willing to hear those numbers? We have been doing quite a bit looking at modeling over while now not just one model number models. We have used our public health Ontario to develop some models and assess some of the other ones, the inferior model. Looking at what some of the similar to the BC model, what the UK is doing. We also have a group of academics with public with the dalla Lana School of Public Health, combined with University of Toronto and other experts to look at their modeling and what are they putting forward because there's different ways to do it and different ways to care at the analysis, and our sense is that, instead of just having one model, can we look at a number and then ask our experts to say so, which ones closest to excuse me our Ontario scenario and we're going those discussions lifetime right now, a number of things are carrying out, so I can't give you that analysis today, but hopefully be coming up with something very short on that, because we want to make sure we're looking uniquely at how does Ontario figure and where do we place ourselves in the various modeling thing and modeling projections such that we can plan with various scenarios around Hospital resources, ventilation, equipment, PPE, etc. So this is all in a very much dynamic conversation at this time. Next question question comes from Rob Ferguson, with the Toronto Star. Please go ahead, I've heard they're doctors. Today, the federal government did 30 percent of the people in hospitals with koba 19 across Canada are under the age of 40. So I wondered if that jive with the percentage here in Ontario, and if you have a breakdown, people and I can do that. So have you said 30 percent yeah, okay, that was pretty close to what they put out last week that it's interesting and most the ones are in the ages between 40 and 69, but by demographics. We have about 30 odd percent that are over 70 and 80 in the hospital. At this time the number seems to be changing and shifting fairly quickly there. So it's it's a ballpark that I would say. If you say the age group 40 to 60, 30 40 50 that'd be about 30 percent 20 to 30 it's a small number, so we want a bit more breakdown the way they're clumping them together. That might be misleading. That saying, okay majority are 20 to 25. That's not true, so I think they're doing the 20 to 40 group. So we're trying to as our numbers are we're getting enough numbers across cameras are getting large enough that we can do some better analysis, so we're getting these updates and we I would say we segmenting of the different categories. As the numbers get larger. We can break that down even better, so I think you're. 30 percent was correct at this stage, but how that breaks down into the younger part of that age group and the older one I haven't seen those numbers ever follow up. Do you I'm trying to mind outta here? No dr. Jaffe has that number I'm talking on my large sheet here and I. Let me just have a look here: I'll, try and get that back to you, Robin, okay. Moving on next question, your next question comes from Kate Allen with the Toronto Star. Please go ahead. Oh I'll, just step in here. Rob I found my number right now, the total across the board of health care workers. That is, we don't know if they're from in the hospital or from travel or from case contact. The number I have here is about 91. Since the start of the whole episode in the end of January, but again that's a cumulative total and it doesn't break it down. Those were on the job at the healthcare setting. Okay moving on category is trying to say by in the eight stratified categories: sorry yeah, the aged ones arisen. We had ones I've been receiving from the national data where in the 60 and above and then there was the 40 to 60 and then sorry, 46 7, there was 20 to 40 I had some in the numbers under 20, but that was a really small number. When those numbers gets big enough, it doesn't looks misleading. You know just happy 3 alerts and whomp under the age of 40 or whatever right. Thank you. I misunderstood your question. Yes, it would be my anticipation, like I'm, not hoping for large numbers, of course, but when you have a larger end and we can stratify it so it makes sense. We would be doing that. We don't have that that data this at this moment, but we could get back to you. Okay. Next question: your next question comes from. Please go ahead. First of all, thank you for doing this. Thank you dr., really not you're happy for a particular question. We I hear lots of reports about some preliminary concepts that people are putting forward using various techniques to produce it and different methods to use to carry out the research but I right now from our federal people who are getting back to us that there's nothing imminent at this time and remember in vaccine world imminent means like four to six months off, so we're waiting to hear some. We hear some problems does something could be very quick but then, of course, there haven't undertaken any clinical trials and safety always has to be a key factor as you're dealing with any new products coming in. So yes, certainly, we've heard about that and I believe there are studies ongoing currently, but at this point, there's no evidence that it works for kovat 19. It is an effective medication for some other things like malaria in certain cases, and so it's not recommended at this point we're waiting for the results of the studies next question. My question is: Ontario announced the proclamation of the supply chain management, Act Saturday and its effort to purchase an employee critical equipment. My question is: what benefit will just act be to residents as opposed to participation in federal, collective purchasing, I, think the aspect there is one: how to help Ontario citizens, certainly the aspect of a federal procurement, our own procurement. Whatever way we can do, the procurement is going to be critical to ensure that our health care workers, our health care facilities and all those involved in in in those essential services, whether it's dealing with the homeless and different groups like that is there at their provision. I think. The aspect that we're trying to deal with here is that, in order for the the government, the cabinet, the premier and our Minister of Health and and of course, our command table to understand what we have, we do have to have a clear declaration of what everybody has in store in stock at this time, so that we can ensure that there's a fair and reasonable distribution what's out there. Knowing that some may have stockpile a certain amount and may be reluctant to tell us what's there by the same time, if that was present, and why were waiting for supplies to come in and there was another facility that was running out. Why would we not remove that material from that place over to deal with that, because in another few days the supply would come in and we compromised one facility because one was unwilling to either declare or make it known? What was there so in essence, we're in this together and there's just one major stockpots all of us, and we need to move it to where it needs to go to ensure the ongoing care and the safety of all our healthcare workers, as you undertake to take care of these citizens when they become ill with Kovac 19 tend to participate in federal, collective purchasing. Oh that's why I said the outset we are, and we have our orders in we're, calling phoning emailing. We want we're doing that as assertively as we can. So. Yes, that's a always of trying to procure we're going there. Please go ahead! Hello! Thank you for taking my question. It seems like a little daily now this week we've been hearing about more employee, Doni, essential services, testing positive for lives, but grocery surplus, for example. Are you considering which I guess the risk to both employees and customers? Are you at all, considering any more measures to protect people who visit these essential services? I would say we heard of a case. We haven't heard a lot. We hear some with a number of people that out there moving around. So it's something we're watching or we continue to get questions from various essential services and their employers about how they might improve their services. Better. We're gonna, preserve that and monitor that, and we're asking say some essential companies that are doing their businesses. There may be some components of their business that are not that essential and they could curtail those while still offering the essential components they could do things to decrease the size of the workplace area that people are not in close contact. They could do things more virtually order online so as various ways that were continually nudge that because some of the people, in the case some occasion referring to we're talking that they might have got infected before we came the essential services almost like 8 to 10 days 1214 in the cases we're talking about. So it's a matter of ramping up all these protection things and to ensure the safety of the employer and the employer staff, as well as the customers who are coming to get those essential services and they don't have to come physically, more and more are being done by virtual by delivery and by extension, so we're getting better at it all the time, but doesn't mean we can't keep working at it more follow up- and this is the last question. Okay, the numbers announced today much lower than what you had anticipated. You still expect to see I guess during this critical time in number of cases to jump 200. That was my anticipation when we had it, I assumed that we'd be up in the twos mid twos, especially we were doing with the backlog of the tests. We still have a backlog of 8400 or so to get the deal with. So I was surprised. We haven't jumped up that fast and we'll have to keep marking the situation. These are trends and directions. One day or two day doesn't tell us everything. So, let's wait to see what the next few days bring and we'll get back to you on a daily basis. Okay, thanks everyone. You.