There remain a lot of unknowns about the potentially deadly coronavirus, since word of it first began to emerge from China on New Year's Eve, dr. Michael garden is going to help, explain what we know and don't know he's chief of staff at Humber, River, Hospital and he's a specialist in infectious disease. Dr. garden China, which is the epicenter of this virus, has shared the genetic sequence of it. Why is that important? It's really important for a couple reasons: one that's what the molecular testing is based on. So if you have the sequence, then you can develop a rapid test to be able to diagnose people with it and the other reason is ready to do more basic science. Looking at how similar is this to SARS and MERS and other corona viruses, and also the tease out if there, if there's any genes that relate to specific virulence factors, so things that make you sicker, because that that organism has that particular gene. So all that work will be going on in the next several months. What's the most vital thing that scientists and specialists need to know about the virus in order to try to control its spread? First of all, the most important thing was to have a diagnostic test which we now have. So that's that's very good, but I think right now. The most important thing is exactly how how contagious is this? If this virus becomes as contagious as influenza, for example, then all the control measures we are we're taking, aren't really gonna slow it down if it remains the way it is which doesn't seem to be terribly contagious, then I actually think we have a pretty good chance of actually stopping this outbreak over there over the coming month or so. Well, let's talk about how contagious we think it is now do we know how long it takes for symptoms to develop? We don't have a good answer for that yet, but the the sort of the outer limit is believed to be two weeks, and so that's what we're saying if somebody's traveled to Wuhan City in the last two weeks, we would look at them for likely many people, it's going to be shorter than that, but it's likely not going to be longer than that and do we know that whether they are contagious, possibly before symptoms begin to appear. You know we, we really don't know any of that yet I'll say for other viruses. We know that people typically start shedding the virus. Typically several hours, maybe a day to the onset of their symptoms, but the amount of virus is usually pretty low once they start to develop symptoms. Typically, the amount of virus increases many fold and they also have symptoms at that time. So, typically, we think of people being the most infectious when they actually have symptoms, and is there a definitive test right now that can be done to determine whether they have it or not? There is a definitive test and that's really one of the remarkable things about this before this virus has even landed in Canada. We already have a test for it and, if you think back to 2003, we went through most of the SARS outbreak without a test, and so this is one of the reasons why we're miles ahead today than we were back then, okay, well I, learned a lot from you, dr. Michael, Gard I'm, a specialist in infectious disease thanks you're, very welcome.