Good evening and thank you for joining us, we begin with breaking news. A fifth case of the novel coronavirus has been identified in Canada DC's top doctor says a woman in her 50s has tested positive and a sample has now been sent to the National Lab in Winnipeg for confirmation, but health officials have not confirmed how the woman contracted the virus she hadn't been to China, but she did have family visiting from Wuhan. The woman is an isolation at home and said to be in good condition. This case is not unexpected. It tells us that our system is working that we're finding people that were assessing them safely and in the hospital setting, for example, the things that we're doing every day to prevent transmission of influenza and the other bugs that we see this time of year are working. Meanwhile, Global Affairs has told Canadians trapped at the center of the outbreak in China that a plane could be ready to leave ohon as early as tomorrow. There's no guarantee that everyone who wants to leave will be able to get out. It appears there are more people wanting out than there are plane seats and china says permanent residents will not be allowed to leave unless they're needed to accompany Canadian children. That's left some families in a state of limbo. The Canadian government says it's doing what it can to help we have been advocating for repatriating, because obviously I saw the news. I saw this the family stories. Obviously, everyone wants to do their best to bring all these people home. However, I have to work with the Chinese health authorities. New video from Wuhan today shows the chaos caused by the outbreak. Hospitals are so overwhelmed that people are lined up outside waiting for help. As of tonight, more than 24 thousand cases have been confirmed. The number of dead has grown to 492. Most cases are in China, but at least 24 other countries, including Canada, are affected, we'll have more on the virus and what's happening in China in just a moment, but we begin with the Canadians waiting and hoping they'll be part of the airlift. Abigail Beeman has tonight's top story. When we can each have a child on our lap and not be too hanging up any additional seats, so there's really I can't understand any reason why it's not doable this email from Global Affairs Canada, told Megan Millward she's shortlisted for the Canadian flight with her two young children, but the family was devastated to learn her husband, a permanent resident isn't on the list. Reads two kids they're two so is kind of hard to believe and separate. The defending Canada maintains China will only allow Canadian citizens to leave and a primary caregiver for a Canadian child, but not to we're going to continue to press I understand. There's a number of permanent residents would like to be repatriated as well. My family is one of the vacation they didn't go over there to. You know create a problem for anybody and it's really just kind of escalated into this national dilemma and I I just want my family home permanent residents, Danielle, Alou and daughter domenica are visiting family in Wuhan, but live in British Columbia, where Canadian citizen, husband and dad Monty Gisborne is frustrated by a lack of communication they're not on the list for the plane, I'm just trying to get my family hall I'm, getting worn down by this a little more than 300 people have asked for Ottawa's help to get out. There is a larger number of Canadians asking for evacuation and there is space on the plane. That's why we have already got an option on the second plane, but no word yet on the wind that would come or who would be allowed on board. Meanwhile, for many being holed up inside small spaces for days takes an emotional toll, we're just really tired. We've been trying to campaign to get him to be allowed to go with us and we're tired those who got the short list. Email are told to make their way to the airport late Wednesday night for a Thursday morning departure, but even then, there's no guarantee they'll get on the plane due to numbers and final approval for that flight to take off is still in China's hands. Robin Abigail Beeman in Ottawa, the government chartered plane, is now on its way to Hanoi Vietnam. Once China grants final approval, the plane will fly into the epicenter of the outbreak Wuhan to pick up Canadians approved to leave. After taking off from there. The plane will stop in Vancouver to refuel. All passengers will remain on board. Any passenger who is sick will be taken off the plane for treatment from Vancouver. The plane will fly to the Canadian Forces Base in Trenton Ontario. Once there all passengers will be screened for symptoms and then kept on base under quarantine for 14 days. They'll stay at a special military hotel at CFB, Trenton called the Yukon Lodge. Everyone will be placed in their own rooms, with families kept together in China. Authorities are taking more aggressive steps to try to get the outbreak under control in the gambling city of Macau officials are now so worried. They've asked that all 41 casinos in the city be shut down for two weeks. So far ten cases have been reported there. At least one of them involves a casino worker elsewhere in China officials are struggling to keep up as the virus spreads. Here's Redman Shannon forget about the numbers for a moment. This is the real human impact of coronavirus. A woman cries after being prevented from seeing her mother's body before it is driven away. Authorities are now admitting the first patients to the newly built Wuhan hospital and elsewhere in the city, community games and even convention centers are being converted into medical facilities for an ever-growing number of patients. The Health System is struggling to cope with some people lining up out doors to get treatment across the country. Various tactics, including drones, are being used to remind people to wear face, masks in Hong Kong, a new type of protest after the first coronavirus death in the territory, health workers demanding all border points with mainland China be closed. Leader Carrie Lam has kept three crossings open for now, I'm appealing to those who are taking part in this action that, let's put the interests of the patients and the entire Public Health System. Above all, the things outside of China another cruise ship is in lockdown this time in Japan, after one passenger tested positive for the virus, the World Health Organization says this is not yet a pandemic, at least by its own definition. But it's asking the world to start cooperating properly, I'm writing to all ministers of health to request an immediate improvement in data sharing. As I said yesterday, we can only defeat this outbreak with global solidarity. The w-h-o again criticized blanket travel bans against China, saying they only increased fear with little positive effect. One positive note, though this 73 year old, Thai patient described the symptoms as tough, but she said: she's fully recovered after hospital treatment, Redman Shannon, Global, News, London.