Right good afternoon on a Saturday and the the time is continuing, as I said this weekend going to early next week is an important one. We want to monitor how we're doing, and mostly how well everybody is staying to the task of social distancing in all the venues, whether you're staying at home, where you're out in public places for a short period of time. If you have to go and urgently need to go, you maintain those aspects if you're doing essential services and essential purchases that you need. You respect those things, respect the retailer who has taken the time to come out and to undertake their duties and they're, trying to respect that as well. An ongoing hand, hygiene of course in that regard. So these are all very important times to do it. Do it again and do it well, and do it consistently and we're going to continue to monitor that situation as I said, I'm concerned at this time, with the amount of people returning to Ontario, who might have been infected, or at least incubating from other countries or from other contacts with cases that we need to be vigilant in that that everybody needs to do it. Those who come in are being asked to isolate when they come across the border for 14 days, and we are anticipating and expecting them to do so, regardless of age and where you've come from and also those from flights. The same rules in that regard, so everybody knows what the plan is and how to do that. We just need to do it and do it well. In light of that, we're seeing some rising numbers, which I said yesterday, we wouldn't I, would anticipate because of the number of people coming back and the time. Perhaps since they came back of their incubation period, we will start to see some numbers rising. So I'm going to ask dr. Yaffe to talk about the numbers that came in what we're working with today and to update you on those various aspects there so over to you, dr. Yaffe, thanks very much so as of yesterday the data from the end of yesterday, we have a total of three hundred and seventy seven cases confirmed in Ontario of those six are now resolved and unfortunately we have a third death. This is an individual male in his 70s in Barry, who was a close contact of another individual who has died in terms of the we still have seven, seven thousand two hundred and thirty nine people under investigation and a total of fifteen thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight negatives. So in total we have tested today twenty three thousand three hundred and eighty four people, the numbers are going up in terms of cases. We have 58 new ones today compared to yesterday's data. In terms of the cases themselves, we have data that shows that over 50 percent have traveled outside of Canada about twelve percent were close contact of a case and of those that had traveled. Almost thirty percent had traveled to the United States, most commonly New, York, Colorado, California, Florida and Nevada, and after that, the next most common travel was to Europe, so basically we're looking at mostly travel and contact with a case very small number still under investigation, or at this point we have approximately 20 cases in Ontario with no identified source. Thank you and monitoring the global situation. The numbers in the United States continue to rise fairly quickly. Cases are now over twenty thousand and unfortunately, the situation in Italy, in spite of all the stringent steps they've taken, the number of cases continue to rise extensively and unfortunately so the number of deaths in that regard in that and so I think. With that in mind, you have to be sensitive to where all the different travel issues what different countries have done. We understood that since they have eased off or some of the aspects in Wuhan and China now for at least two days, they've had no cases reported publicly in that regard and it seems like they're other cities that were not in any the same type of lockdown as Wuhan have remained quiet in that regard as well. But we continue to monitor their situation because they, of course, are the first to go through this kind of activity and we need to monitor it and learn from what they're experienced and what they have experienced in that regard there. So the aspect here we want to emphasize is that I said yesterday. It wouldn't surprise me if our cases over the weekend rose to over 60 we're close to that today, and we continue to do the testing. We're ramping up. The people are working around the clock to increase our capacity or well over 2,000 now hidden to 3,000, but we would like to get to 5,000 fairly quickly and working on that and all fronts. Our surveillance continues in that regard and monitoring those other people in emergency departments, as well as long-term care homes and those ones there. We still have had no positive with over 2,000 tests being done. 2,100 hundred about and the Trenton situation is remaining stable or with the six none Ontario residents and six Ontario residents having converted a positive during the time in the quarantine in Trenton. So with that I think it's more important. We get to one emphasize. The key prior today is ongoing vigilance in your home situation. There minimalizing your external social contacts, do so when necessary. If it's really critical essential services are there for those that need medication, those that need food, those need other things that are critical for day-to-day living. But, as I said before, when you do go out along with the person who's operating that retail center they'll do their part to maintain the social distancing, the hand, hygiene and all the other key components and you-you-you need to do the same, and by doing do you minimize and eliminate the risk to yourself and then later back to your family members accordingly? So with that, we're going to take questions and they're all in line today so I'll hand that, over to our moderator, to take the questions. Ok, we'll take the first question now: hi there we'll turn it over to the phone's first question: please! Your first question on the phone comes from human hands seems part briefing: please go ahead. Hi dr. Willy, one wine I had been trying to contact them, and so I was hoping that that you could help explain what some other challenges harder to think. It's a good question and we knew that when we were going to ramp up and extensively when you're doing that, it's not just simply asking people to start doing something that they've been doing more of already. You have to get the new equipment out there. You have to get the proper reagents, that's the chemicals you use in those processes. You then have to do the preliminary testing and do quality checks, because one thing besides not doing enough is to do some and do them in air, and you have to go back and search and find the ones that you miss, because the quality checks weren't put in place. So what it it does take time, because usually this would take us normally four to six, almost eight weeks to get up and running they're trying to get it up in two weeks. So you can imagine how hard they're working around the clock to try and get these other aspects up and going at this time. So they've moved quickly from when they had remember a long time ago. It seems a two weeks ago our maximum was 1,000. Then we moved up to 1,900 now we're moving just under these 3,000 in that aspect there and we hope to get that 3,000 firmly by early next week and then head to 5,000 by the end of the week. So this was contingent also, we had a limitation of all the supplies that are needed for that, such as the special kits and that was running short. But then we had the large purchase and obtain inspire the federal government, and we received a large order on that. So that is no longer issue we're working hard on. We have obtained enough reagent to make sure that's there. So as all the components, the staffing, the training, the equipment, the reagents, the test kits and the a collection and moving of the samples around are all part of it. That goes in parallel with our assessment, centers that are carrying out their duties and responsibilities to make sure that the all the testing is done correctly in the right way. So these do take time we're rounding as fast as we can to get those up, and but we don't want to then make mistakes in that process and trying to ensure quality that our pauses, our pauses and our negatives. We are fully confident negative, ok, follow-up workers day. They have as well to serve the population that that you know needs there, that that will need their help over the coming weeks and so on. The province has has sent out a guidance to healthcare workers who are coming back and, and so they can choose to self isolate, but they don't have to will you prioritize testing us or these health care workers who will be in close contact with lots of positive people? Ok, yes, first, let me clarify what the memo I sent out was know exactly. As you said, what I said that people come back health care workers who are back traveling if it's been within 14 days of entering back into Canada or their contact was a known case in the last 14 days. They are supposed to remain in isolation in the home setting during that time. So, but we did say if there are one some positions that are agreed on ahead of time that are critical in the operation of a facility that if all the parties agreed those are critical positions, they could, with the person, still asymptomatic and with proper monitoring and wearing proper PPE. On the job have that person resume duties before the 14 day period, that's only with the number of checks in that ID there, one it's critical. Second, the person is asymptomatic and third there's a proper protection and monitoring that person, while they're on the job now. The other point you mentioned there is important to us is that when there's healthcare workers for other reasons, our jobs and they didn't have any travel. History didn't have any symptoms back 14 days and if they feel unwell before coming to work. From other reasons, because there's other infections going around there's other respiratory conditions, there's a sense that they want to make sure they're, tested and assess, especially they're working with very high-risk patients or if there's something related to cases and contacts on the hospital ward, they want to make sure they're handled and tested, and they want it done in a very quick time. That's why, in our load of tests, we want to pry or I guess expeditiously move through, because it has major implications on the overall health of the workforce, as well as the operations and functions and the health of the patients. In those facilities, so we have set up systems to make sure those are received quickly tested quickly, and that means, if you may jump the queue in a sense to make sure those are handled, because we do need to know those in a very timely fashion. Okay, next question: please go ahead. Hi there I'm just wondering how many people do we have in hospital today with kovat 19 and how many are on ventilators. We didn't get the that data from the hospital today. As you know, yesterday we had about 20 and that changes. So there's missions and they're coming and going in there and if I recall correctly in one area, they had four and ICU four on Vance as a couple of others, so they get taken on and get taken off and they try to remove them. So that can change by the hour as they try to wean them off or place people back on. So unfortunately Rob we don't have the data from the hospitals yet today, in that regard with us waiting for you should order more stores to shut down and maybe perhaps go to just essential services. A lot of people are wondering: are you basing your your decisions on these results that we have now with a backlog of what 7,000 there 779 hundred tests or 7,200 tests? The waiting are you, so? Are you making all your decisions on like we call of data cuz it? It looks like we're about a week behind on getting a lot of these tests in well we're moving quickly to work those too, because as you're adding those 7,000 that you see there, we received over about 38,000 or 1300 yesterday. So then the 5,000. Yes, they were moved back through. So it's not all week old in that regard, as more and more tests come in, that number grows a bit but doesn't mean there's some sitting there from over a week ago. So it's it's like a revolving door or like a bathtub water coming in water going out in that regard. On that basis, that we have some other of our new satellite sites, they're doing their tests and they're working them through and they don't have any pending, because they're very much new in the process. We're that helps also- and we have our ongoing surveillance that we're doing with our hospitals, Eadie's and long-term care homes, so we're being formed by a number of databases. We also have the information from our assessment sites, also from our IDI visits, how many people are going in how many people are being emitted and we have those on ER dashboards being put together to see we're seeing surges and directions there as well. So while we have the lab testing, it's not the only metric that we look at when we're seeing this. We also have feedback on how well aspects are being adhered to and yes or no in the community setting and the key thing here about closing down a number centers. As you know, there's are there are essential services and we're doing a list on that, both in Ontario and we're looking at it on a national basis as well. So we can be consistent if we can with our federal counterparts and in that then we're saying well, those servers are staying, open, they're, staying open for a reason and the public at times need to access those. Of course, they're. Not in isolation, cuz, they're, positive cases they're not supposed to go out if they are just home, staying at home and social distancing, they can go out, but that doesn't mean they do not continue to do social distancing, and that means you go to those retail centers. You do that and you respect the retailer is trying to do that as well, because there are some of our workers and they've gone out to serve the public on those essential services. So it's important that they are respected in that regard and you need to respect them that way, if there's a sense of other services that you're doing that, there's no way you can maintain social distancing. You have to ask yourself: is that really essential- and you probably shouldn't be doing that, and so like some of the examples given and I'm, we talked to dr. Davila about in Toronto. They gave those is, for instance, for example and I think there were good examples. That would be very hard for me to imagine how someone get their hair salon, their hair done from six feet away, so I can see why that doesn't make sense, and so how many people are here into that, and then we hear maybe some reports more and more. If they're people not obliged, and then we have to take some more strident steps and measures, so the data I think from many sources is going the way we think it's going. We really feel that backlog as more and more tests to come in which we wanted more tests coming in. As that turnaround happens like you can see now you would say: well, you could have three thousand four thousand pending and they all just came in yesterday even early next week, and so we want to even pick up that pace even quicker. So while we have some pending I, don't think we're that far out of date and the other sources reassure me that were continue to monitor the situation along with all our 34 health units, our Regional OAH offices, around the province and our hospitals and institutions, as we watch many different ways to see how's it moving and what is happening in Ontario. Okay. Next caller we're just curious how many ventilators are currently in use in Ontario and available, and then how many would the province need to feel like they could accommodate patients given a worst-case scenario situation, so you asked me how many are in the hospitals right now and in use? I, don't have the data in front of me number, the larger facilities have quite a few, the ventilators they use them all throughout their facilities. How many patients are on the moment, like Robert, asked earlier in that and as of the other day, I think there was four or five or six, but that can change very much by the hour in there we had already in stock another two hundred we've ordered more and we're trying to repurpose and ask our manufacturers, as the premier noted, they can start to build and manufactures others as we speak. So it's a dynamic process and it's good to see that all this extra stock is being moved on. Not just saying well, 200 is good enough. Let's go for 300 or 400, so we have those in reserve to the hundreds that are already out in the hospital sector. Yes, there, there have been some comments from private practices, private surgeons saying that they would donate their ventilators. Is that something that the province would consider? Tate we've heard that no we've had a lot of good suggestions from many parts and different sectors coming forward with good ideas, as their practices have shut down at the moment. In that regard, we've heard from some dental experts as well that they have some available. So all these are suggestions that we're not going to ignore and it's great to see them stepping forward and making that knowing knowledgeable to us but available to us in the province. Okay, next caller Morgan Campbell with Global News. Please go ahead. Hi doctor I'm wanted to know. What's your response to people who are still waiting for test results for COBIT 19:00, it's been. It's been communicated to us that some people are waiting upwards of four to five days and if there's a backlog, what would the true reflection of the numbers be? If there's, if there's like sand getting that you know those results, I've talked to Yaffe answer so I. Certainly sympathize with people wanting to know their results as soon as possible, and as was mentioned, we do the lab, tries to prioritize results for lab for healthcare workers, people in long-term care or people who are hospitalized. So if somebody's already been tested and told to go home in cell 5 so late, they should. The most important thing to do is to assume they have it until the year they don't I would say, and you know act as if you have it, which is to self isolate, make sure you're washing your hands. Really well, don't go out. You know, get other people to help if you need food or whatever, and if you're starting to feel worse contact your primary care provider, or we also have now a self assessment tool online. That's that will help people determine if they should do anything different than stay at home. But at this point there really is nothing different that they need to do. Okay, follow up. Do you suspect that that the numbers then could be could be higher because of these test results being delayed possible, certainly possible? We, you know the numbers are going up each day. The percentage positive is is still very low. Last time I worked with the lab people. It was around what just over 1% I think so hard to say, but I mean we are expecting to see more cases. Okay next question: your next question comes from Carly weeks with the Globe and Mail. Please go ahead hi and thank you guys, I'm speaking to some health experts who say that the lack of testing and some of the backlogs that we have in Ontario are putting us on the same trajectory as Italy. If they look at the case numbers just wondering how concerned you are about that possibility, I think the comparison there we're always watching to see how we compare with other ones the aspect you're asking with projections based on modeling and looking at what does that mean in that regard? I think part of the other measurements when we compare is, of course, while many are missions, we're getting, how many intensive care patients and how many deaths watching that. So we always, we are always asking ourselves those questions, we're looking at that. As I said to an earlier question. The number of tests that we're doing daily is is informative, there's various things to our other surveillance methods, so we're not looking at only one source of data, we're looking at multiple we're following our syndromic surveillance system in the province of Ontario, which monitors some daily and sometimes even more frequent at almost hourly the flow of clients coming through all our emergency departments and compared to the running averages. And so we can see sudden shifts in that. If that was occurring and I think if we saw the situation starting to resonate like Italy, we would see our IDI departments starting to be deluged with lots of severe respiratory conditions, which we fortunately have not seen. Yet it doesn't mean we're not looking for it doesn't mean we're not going to watch for it and prepare for the event that we might have it. So the modeling aspects and the discussions around that are useful. It continues to challenge us with ask ourselves: are we prepared for scenario one two or three and different ones in there, and and in that regard, we look at those and we consider all the options and prepare for the possibility of each one of those if it might and could occur, but we deal with what we're dealing with today, but plan for the possibilities, follow-up, research, labs who say: they're, mobilizing and they're ready to help start doing some of the testing I. Just wanting to know is that something you guys are working with. Are you talking to other labs, basically how to get that capacity up outside of the public health system? That's a good question, and again just like with the ventilator it's great to see if they're ready to step up and move forward, you have to understand. If they're going to move in that direction, they don't have the exact equipment in hand. So we'd have to obtain some of the equipment we'd have to obtain the proper reagents we'd have to train up the staff there. So we want to first do our expansion out to our Hospital sector in there, because they tend to be mostly attached to our assessment. Centers are close by so we can be efficient, effective in that monitoring, but as these go on, we would not exclude that as a possibility and that all depends on because every time you open up more and more your core key people are taken off from they're part two bill that training and optic. If you may have those centers- and we can only stretch those people so far, so we have to keep expanding out in our first one, which we said we'd go from ten and we're hoping to five and even up to ten thousand, so we're looking at all possibilities, and we would not ignore those suggestions. Okay, next, caller. Okay, your final question comes from Sara macmillan. Cbc, please go ahead, hi! Thank you. My question is about personal protective equipment, I'm, just wondering about what the supplies are like in hospitals through the province and if there are concerns about hospitals running out of essential gear such as n95 masks. So when we both can say some of them that the personal protective equipment is a major discussion, we're having all the time, we know that number of the facilities have supply but they're looking at projections. If what, if and do we have enough for this scenario, in that scenario and they'd like to have enough for all scenarios, the main thing we have to do is we did before is to put out directions on what should you use for what aspects and we want to make sure that people know knee or you are protected when they need to be protected, and they do it right and doing correctly, and do it every way, but there's also the supply there when they do need to do it, and so we're trying to encourage that we're ordering and going after ordering, the federal government's going after it so or firing on all cylinders to get as much supplies you want. So we know only have enough. We would like to have an abundance if we could, but we're going to have to continue to do it in a conserving way and to make sure that those needed get it and need it when they need it and not have to wait and so we're. We have a long list of people with their orders that they're looking for and it's much beyond their historical ordering status a lot of it's going through quicker because people are using, it I, think a lot more assertively and maybe from apprehension on that basis there, but some are doing it because there's a little more workload, there's more cases coming in, so we're trying to work at that. It's one of our major thrusts that we're doing that noni as the premiers alluded to, but also the minister and our government and all the governments across Canada, were all driving to ramp up that supply on a writ large basis. Okay, follow-up yeah. When it comes to wrapping up that supply I'm, just wondering. Are you looking into what industries that might already be using? These masks might be able to assist in providing those masks for health care workers. Absolutely that's part of what's happening. Give you one example: we've been contacted by some dentists saying you know we have a lot of masks right now, we're not doing elective procedures. You know we are willing to give them to you. So it's it's masks that are not being used elsewhere, plus manufacturing companies that could potentially produce more okay. Thank you very much, I believe that's the last question. Thanks.