Okay, hello again so we're here today to give you an update on novel coronavirus in Ontario, with a further update and I'm joined by colleagues today, the middle ear. You know dr. Barbara Yaffe. This is dr.: Chris Mackay who's, the medical officer of Health for the Middlesex London Health Unit, and we have dr. Vanessa Allen who's, the lead medical microbiologist at the public health laboratory at public health Ontario. And so what we want to tell you mostly today is that we're going to confirm our third case of novel coronavirus in Ontario and just say this is a little bit different than the other one. And that's why we're going to be talking to you today. This newly confirmed case as a female in her 20s who arrived asymptomatic from the area of concern, indirectly from that and from Wuhan and I, came back into Canada on the 23rd of January and then went to the community of London in dr. Mackey's jurisdiction, and at that time she was asymptomatic and during her time in her own location, she noted some symptoms and did the correct thing and dr. Mackey's her to answer details about that and I last was speak in a moment that, throughout this process that she was seen, she was assessed and worked with. The local health department was admitted at the hospital under full protection of the staff and that sono staff were put at risk throughout this process and throughout this time, as you can hear from dr. mackee protocols and procedures were followed excellently excellently in such a way that there's been no risk at all to Ontarians or to the health system in this process. During this time, samples were submitted to the public health laboratory at our one here in Ontario, and the testing had demonstrated was negative and she was part of our negative list on that. One there and part of we're gonna be talking about today is that in these this evolving situation, our laboratory systems are moving quickly to keep upping the quality insurance of the testing and they're cross-referencing. All the time and dr. Ellen's here can answer some of those questions so that, during that time, with cross referencing, with even more specific and more different testing, different type and more specific one in the National Medical Microbiology law laboratory, they contact contacted our lab and said one of their tests came back as positive, weekly positive and they had discussion on that basis. There and as med microbiologist, do they'll, say well, I think in this case, on a precautionary basis. We should switch this one from a negative to a positive, even though the level is very low, and the sense is that the viral load was very low as well. Nevertheless, to be thorough and precautionary, this one should be switched to a positive case. So ID differs from some of our other ones. We've had so then dr. mackee was notified, as was the the person, and they continue to monitor the situation and dr. Mackey is here to give a little update on that as well and I'll hand over to him in a second here. So, as a result, we've doing our testing and what you're going to hear is that in this rapidly evolved because remember, we only started this whole process two weeks ago and shows you how fast the system is moving, how different it was from SARS. In that time, our labs are really moving at a quick pace to continually up the aspects of their testing and comparing notes back and forth, and this shows you the value of a level Oratory network in canada, which is known, adjust ours and Winnipeg, but also we have our counterparts in British Columbia as well as that in in Quebec, and they are working back and forth to continue to ensure a quality lab system in response to this emerging infectious disease issue. In Canada, so the majority of the cases that were previously considered negative have been confirmed as negative by the national medical laboratory. Only this one is the one so far that is, they had any question with and I said it was just barely positive, but they agreed with our laboratory staff in Ontario that we should switch that from a negative to a positive case. So the risk continues to be very low for Ontarians. In this regard, and in accordance with a new case in london's the same thing and I'm going to ask dr. mackee to comment a bit on his assessment of the situation, how it's occurred and because he's the local medical officer of health it. As far as our protocol is concerned, it is his responsibility as that, along with his staff, to deal with any person under investigation and to monitor cases and to ensure adherence to reporting and find proper protocols and assess any concerns and issues that he might have had during this process so I'll hand over things to you, dr. mackee. Thank you dr. Williams. So we do have a case here where both the system worked. Well, and also you had a patient who went above and beyond, to protect the public and the people she was in contact with this is somebody who actually wore the equivalent of a surgical mask for an entire travel from Wuhan to London, even though she didn't have symptoms at the time. She also went because of her awareness of the risks associated with travel to Wuhan. She went straight into isolation in her home when she returned home. The only time she's been out of her home since then is to hospital for testing and again wore the equivalent of a surgical mask to protect others in the hospital. The hospital is well aware of how to handle this sort of situation, took all precautions to protect their patients, their visitors and their staff. The the patient has been, and continues to be in isolation. There are other disease factors here which are very encouraging as well. First of all, the illness was very mild. Recovery was quick within two or three days. She was fully recovered and also the lab parameters indicating that there was very low levels of virus in the sample. So, every time she had contact with somebody in Canada, she was wearing a mask. Her disease parameters are quite low and the system took all precautions when she was in contact with the hospital Thank You, dr. Mackey, and so with that. That's why we wanted to make you aware of that and the the aspects of why this one was considered a positive and why it's different than some of our others in that regard, and so we're here to then answer questions that you would have in regards to this now third case of of a positive novel coronavirus here in Ontario, noting at the risk again, as you heard, Ontarians remains low, but we want to be forthright and make sure you're aware of that Williams. Can you expand on how it can be that someone can test negative for this, and then it later turns out to be a positive result. That's why we brought dr. Allen here and I'm just saying that in this testing aspect here, as all our labs are working at raising the qualitative in different aspects, it's a it's a dynamic discussion or a saying. But during that time there's been no compromise in the positive cases, so I'm gonna ask dr. Allen. If you can comment, what does that mean and how does this dynamic process work? Thank you for the question. So we really had the sequence for the virus on January, the 10th and the Canadian lab system has been working together to get very rapid, reliable tests. The tests on this individual was done a week ago and at the time that was the very best test. It was the original test that we had all been working on collectively and we continued to work together to get the very best test. So the original test was done. Well was done properly, it was appropriate and then the second test was then laid on several days later, four or five days later, and we all have new tests that we've run it against and it's picking it up. So this is part of the science of the way that we develop rapid tests for a response to a new pathogen that we're just learning more about and really working lockstep together as a National Laboratory system to make sure that we get the best test at any given time that we continue to work together to get the best test and that we get the we continue to work to improve. That. Does that mean that if people test negative that they could then be carrying this and not aware? Okay, that's how we've done with those ones that we have tested negative and how you continue to reassess that and to affirm the status. So we are continuing to run all of those samples on the newer tests, both that Public Health Ontario and at the National Lab, and we are concurrently having conversations with other laboratories across the country to make sure that the tests are the very best tests that we can provide. So these are all being run in parallel, as we speak with the methodology, as one can understand, with a very new virus, is one that rapidly advances and that's what we're here to do is to rapidly advance labrys a little bit more on the criteria. What you're looking at in this second test that might be a little bit different from the first that would deem it a positive result. Yes, so we are currently at public health Ontario using two tests and the National microbiology lab applied several days later. Five tests to this sample, which we are currently in the process of implementing, and so really it's about. Moving that field forward together. They actually look at slightly different parts of the virus and making sure that it's there and and it wasn't positive on all of their tests so again, validating that we're really trying to move together to get the best answers for individuals in their diagnosis committee else in the household you mentioned was that it was self isolation immediately where she went they mentioned went above beyond. She went directly home stayed home, so anybody else in the house warm. So there is a roommate who moved out shortly after returning home. There was no contact with the roommate at that time. The individual also has a an intimate partner and they have actually worn masks in all of their contact. Since she returned home to Canada. I think just a confirm everyone who has been confirmed negative so far are they being retested, so they already on a more sensitive sensitive test and they are all negative and they are in the process of completing almost they have almost completed all of them at the National Lab. As we speak and they're all negative, this would have been on a separate flight as welcome the other. That's yeah lots of different flights is all the tracking and tracing going on, because the let dr. Yaffe answer that is dr. rocky and I said note said: the person was asymptomatic even back in Canada, so that flight in dr. Joffe may want to comment on that. The need for any concern about that flight or knowledge of that flight. The bottom line is, she was completely asymptomatic on the flight plus wearing a mask on top of it. So there is there's no risk to the other passengers on the flights from her, but there was no need to follow up there. Having there been in medical reports regarding possible transferring of this by a somatic patients I get. There was a case in Germany, for instance, where there is a suspected person who did not show symptoms that another person got the virus. So what does this tell us about asymptomatic patients and the possibility that they could potentially pass this on? We've had discussions with there's various reports coming in even with the German report. There's more investigation and it may not have been asymptomatic, so they continue to look and review those materials. So far as far as the whu-oh and from also dr. Teresa Tam said, their assessment situation is the information supporting that is still very weak. Nevertheless, we'll keep looking and try to address it, so that do we keep to assess the quality of the studies and the information to try and understand that, but so far their review of the matter is and from any other experts in our our network remains weak information, but we still want to see what it is and be aware and as that with quality information. You've also got two vectors in this case right. The case was wearing mouse, which is exactly what you would want, even somebody with symptoms to be doing. Second, the viral level was very low, wasn't even detected with the standard PCR test. Pcr tests are excellent and the fact that it wasn't picked up in our tests means you know it's very likely that the patient wasn't even infectious at the height of her illness. I think that is, that is the question that we were dr.. Williams was talking about the evidence, we're just learning more about this. It's a new virus. There have been some reports, some of the reports when they looked in the detail. The person who was supposedly asymptomatic actually had some mild symptoms when they were reinterviews, so they were early in their illness. They were symptomatic, so we're still learning. But at this point a public health agency of Canada W hor are saying that at this point we don't have hard evidence of infectious infectivity of an asymptomatic person, and you remember, we said yesterday also that the cases we see are very close. Family connections person-to-person and the that term they are not is, is deemed to be quite low, so they're still trying to understand that, but doesn't seem to be as widely transmitted at this time, but certainly person-to-person within family contacts has been evidenced, as in the case we had here and in the Chicago case as well, and, of course, in back in China, can you speak to my wearing a mask in this case? Was helpful? I understand it's not forever. The difference is whether you are sick or not. If you are sick, wearing a mask helps stop the spread of your infection. This is why anyone who's involved in the surgery is wearing a surgical mask of a don't contaminate. The surgical field, whereas if you're not sick and you're just walking through the community and also you know, potentially not trained on how to use a mass properly, not donning and doffing, taking it on and putting up putting it on and taking off properly. These are all opportunities for contamination, so wearing a mask when you're not ill in the community doesn't make a big difference in stolen home isolation or reporter she went still in hospital, so the patient is in home isolation, she's perfectly well now, she's been out well for several days, but she has. She has continued to be in isolation, so those 17 cases that you talked about have even I guess, would you categorize them is just still negative or cleared I mean what's the simplest way, I guess yeah yeah. We have absolutely no evidence that there are negative and we're repeating all the tests. Most of that is complete. All of it is complete at public health Ontario and the vast majority of it is completed nml. So there is no evidence you talk about whether I was kind of flight Airlines flight numbers than Hospital. How long was she in hospital which hospital was it and what were the flights? The individual was at University Hospital in London this this person is a student of Western University, but was not on campus still has not been since returning from from China. The flight information will not be released at this time because it wasn't in importance doctor yeah, he said, reading I, guess so. Huh doctor yeah answer that right nail we're going through our protocols, because now we have cases and what is our guidelines for releasing someone from isolation and so I'll. Ask doctor you happy to talk to that. Thank you very much. At the moment. Our criteria are that the person has to have two negative tests at least 24 hours apart before we would release them, but there's a lot of work going on to figure out what is really the best way to determine when they can be discharged from razors, but at this moment until anything changes. Those are the criteria for sure. So she left Wuhan on January 22nd arrived in Canada midday on the 23rd. It was the next morning the morning of the 24th that she developed symptoms on 24th. She was not admitted not ill enough to be admitted in hospital, they simply swapped and in concert with Public Health sent her home for monitoring there, but this case I'm the patient that was just discharged from Sunnybrook Hospital, and maybe this is a question for you. Are you considering this proven under for her in London, and what we just saw at Sunnybrook I mean. Are you? Do you think that this is a public messaging here that the system is working and they should take the fact that people are self assessing and there they're being running the hospital and now they're being discharged? And there ain't no home isolation? I mean it is kind of a message to the public that the system is working. If you think this opportunity for you to determine dynami, most definitely I, think that gives evidence of it and known as a system working as we're doing in this case. Here we're double checking on a number of things, because we want to know any insurance working well, but we want to even do further steps on a precautionary basis to make and to assure ourselves even further, so we're just not coasting on that. We continue to reassess and that's part of our function, working with all our our partners in the system, because that's the difference announced ours that they are all up on the topic. They all understand it and they're looking for anything that maybe in their minds weeks or gaps, the system raising those questions, and so we have a lot more monitoring lifetime assessing our systems, and that makes for a dynamic, a very quality response system in Ontario, dr. believe, at a press conference last week you said you were a bit surprised that there were such a small amount of confirmed cases outside of China and I'm just curious, whether or not you feel or you're concerned whether the information that's coming out from Chinese officials is, you know, I think I said what I was surprised, that the number reported in China was that that time, so small, because I would expect it to be much higher. As I said, I expect it to be well over 10,000 and we're getting close to that now, because that's just in a large oak break that in a large population that had gone for a period of time, it takes a while for the testing infrastructure to get up in place and just doing they're just doing first, the most severe then they're going out wider and wider, and so as the Chinese officials do, that I was anticipating and I was said. I was reassured that they're actually finding more and more and more of them attend to be ones with milder cases, and so we'll get a better epidemiological picture of how this virus impacts of populous and large, as the system is enhanced and and building up so we've seen that are in our own way in other past ones. It takes a while to step up to that test, so I wouldn't say outside the country I said in the country and especially in the WHO by province. In that area there and so summer asked me. Why was I surprised? I was going up quickly, I had anticipated it's probably higher and I will be not surprised. It goes over 10,000 higher because it is a big task and they're undertaking that I think in a very aggressive and assertive way, and that is reassuring thus far - to us here in Canada. Are you confident in the numbers that are coming out from Chinese officials that you believe that what they are distributing is accurate? Our information from WH on that they're being very forthright on that information? I think the numbers they're going to do a lot of catch up and that's what they're doing now they're identifying ones that, where cases maybe week or so ago, so they're taking through Anna's doctor Mac, he has diluted with his client. Sometimes the younger ones may have a much shorter course very mild, but with the testing they'll come back positive, and so that only adds to the numbers, but it gives you a different spectrum, not just the severe cases that are in the hospital from hospitals. Is there anything that you can add about the supply? Oh, we have a mean as regular ones with our stakeholders, including our hospitals than that and we're looking at ensuring that there is adequate supply both of their current stock and then, if there's something in in a larger situation. So that's part of that feedback from the sector. If there's gaps in services we'd like to know and if there's some evolving new situations, we haven't heard that one in particular, but that's something they would report back to us and then, of course, that's something. Gonna have to deal with internal systems that the hospital is responsible for to maintain their existing the stock and to handle it judiciously according to policy and procedures of our infection, prevention control practices. So it's an a.1, that's part of the dynamic and we I haven't had that reported directly, but it doesn't mean it won't be and will be in concert and discussion ongoing with our healthcare providers might have been a little bit older, but in this case we're hearing about someone in their 20s to you. What does that say about the guessing transmissive miss of this virus? Well, it tells us that, as we said before, even close in the area of exposure in Wuhan, where this person came from the amount of contact should come with it, especially because you didn't know who was who had and who didn't- and you have many close family contacts and I think is that is the government Fisher's going to find it's gonna be a lot of young people who had as we find some people said, I, don't think I was sick, I guess I wasn't had a cough or something for a couple of days and I felt like a cold and they get tested positive, and that may happen. So some younger people have a more robust immune system and, as dr. Mackay said in this case the person turns around very quickly as compared to our first case. We took a bit longer and it's still recovering so I think you see the spectrum of how the virus is impacting the population. So it's not the same across the board and when people start initially talking about transmissibility rates and case fatality, that kind of stuff with a very small sample that can be misleading and we're saying it's early days. Let's see how the wider population is impacted and we're learning more as we speak, and so this one here gives an example of a different spectrum presentation than our first case. This case really points out is that you are a part of the system. Now the health care system is doing as well as we can in Ontario, but it's also really important for people who are ill and have been to a place where the virus is spreading to isolate themselves and call Public Health that the the people in the community can be a really important part of the system in preventing the spread of coronavirus. Uho yesterday declared a global emergency I'm wondering how that changes, Ontario's response or alters it in any way, so talking with the chief public health officer of Canada on that who was at the WH o table you understand, is that when the they declared a emergency of a public health level on global basis, the main purpose was to ask the system writ large to look at their preparedness for their different aspects in dealing with it. As in what is your surveillance capacity? What is your response capacity? What is your infrastructure or elaboratory testing? Of course Ontario is in Canada. Is we have no problem that we're? Not it's not named us it's, so they can do an inventory of some other countries in that where, if it did go to those ones, the infrastructure to deal with a proper response like we're doing here, it may not be there. So whu-oh has to address that and saying. What are we going to do about that, especially if they already identified one or two cases that have moved out into the that area? Then you have to look at infrastructure investment and so that the WTO is assured that the globe is ready to deal with it if it were to go to spread to their other countries. Dr. Tam feels- and we know that can is well prepared- we're not one or concerned, so it doesn't impact us at all. But it's more that wider inventory on a global perspective. How would you describe the province right now? It's a heightened state of alert of. Is it at a highest level since SARS? How would you describe on a level of alert I would say our system is on active monitoring and containment type process, monitoring the people coming in as we're doing now. It's not widely spread in the area. We have no transmission occurring in Canada and Ontario, so we're not on the highest at all we're, but we're not telling everybody be casual. Follow the guidelines adhere. As dr. mackee said, individuals returning do the right thing in the right way at the right time. We have all those in place the education things going out to the public, and so with that kind of assertion activity. It's not an apprehensive state, it's one of being aware, knowledgeable and knew what you need to do when you need to do it and I'm happy to say examine here. Our system is doing what it's supposed to do. The public and those returning are doing what they're supposed to do and that's very reassuring, and so we're not in a heightened level. But everybody is aware and becoming more knowledgeable and I. Think the public discourse is that they're becoming more informed on a personal basis and we as a population on that. So that's our challenge right now to make sure we maintain our public education and they're aware of what the status is, so that a response and on a personal basis, community basis is reasonable, sensitive, polite and yet knowledgeable. How many were a week or so ago, and now that our airlines are scaling back place, do you know how many it's been reduced to I? Don't have that offhand, but I'm aware that some of the airlines have stopped some of the flights and we're asking, as you asked someone asked yesterday, do I know the reason I haven't been briefed and told by those carriers why they're doing that it may be yeah, but I'm not pertain to know that the regular flew a lot of people go around their daily lives. Not worried about the regular flu. Is this that at this moment it seems to be paralleling that and no of course, people have not been exposed to this novel virus before some of the flu ones are some cross reactivity at times, I wish people were as sensitive and concern, but Ontarians I've seen are pretty pretty good about it. It's still going on get vaccinated. We still like more to go and get vaccinated, especially the younger adults and the children, and making sure that pregnant women are done. So we haven't given up on reinforcing that message. We still push every year on the virus, though young and healthy versus people with compromised immune systems. It appears this fourth case bounced back very quickly in terms of recovery. Is it similar to the early too early to say it seems to be, as we've seen, the impact and in in China it may be premature to say it's lighter milder than influenza. Influenza is still a very severe illness and people, even young people, and it's more than just a few days a couple of days. It can really be quite debilitating for some young people to get it. So it's not to be taken casually. Is it comparable early to say some of the things we're seeing and that's why I was looking for the population health data from the Wu hen who, by district to say on a population wide? What is the spectrum of disease in your whole population, just not on your vulnerable ones and, of course, the vulnerable ones that showed up first at the hospitals of your illness and that and they focused on that and as they do more and more testing we'll get a better picture just as you're inferring of what's its impact on younger people, healthier people? Does it mimic our case here? It may be our one is not a good one to sample and make a presumption on, but I think that's what we might see, but early days, you made a comment earlier about how this is different than SARS and the way that the illness, kind of or the virus comes to light or close itself differently and different people. Can you expand on that a bit more? Is it less predictable? You made a comment early in the press conference about how it kind of I wouldn't turn my more the system and the system's preparedness for it, the fact in the stars, one we were well through and we didn't know what the organism was. We had no laboratory testing methodology. The system was not alerted not aware. The infection, branch and control practices were not as sophisticated anywhere near the surface cases they are today. So I was more talking about the system preparedness, not comparing one organism to the other in that, and so, if I gave that inference, that's not what I meant and just to follow up on the question about the flight information. Can you explain why that you revealing the flight number and information as dr. Yaffe said, because the person are we have many flights during this time came in because I said, there's a number every day where three to two four thousand people coming back from China we're worried about the ones that were there, someone who is symptomatic on the flight and then we're. Then we have a protocol of how to follow with the individuals around that person. We have that's laid out with science and understanding evidence. This person was not any so dramatic, therefore we're really not at this time. We have no need to know about the flight officially because we're not going to any manifest and I'm gonna check it out, because we have no evidence that anyone's been put at risk. If there was someone, then we would look at it as we did in our case who we felt was symptomatic, while on the flight, then we follow up with that one appropriately, so all the twenty, maybe in this time period 50 40 60 flights. We need to know that there was someone on the flight that was symptomatic. We need to know the details of that, then we need to know where they are in the flight and all that kind of stuff, as the protocol were undertaking with our first case, prove that you can be asymptomatic and still carry the virus. No because the person might incubate, but not transmitting our evidence from the double h on that is that people during the incubation period are not transmitting once it becomes symptomatic, they're showing evidence. We have not seen asymptomatic. As we talked about remember first question: we, the evidence is not strong enough for that. That indicates- and we haven't seen that the evidence itself in that light. So if that changes will have to be in form of that, that's so far quite a bit along. We have not seen that being strongly evidenced in the cases presented. As far as you mentioned that there's because she came from Wuhan and who knows how many contacts were tube enemy? You're, not a you, don't have any suggestion of exactly who she may have got it from or how she got it, because there's just jiminy got me a path, dr. mackee. That's perhaps a question for you: yes, so this individual had two parents who were both ill in wuhan how they were both in hospital, but their illness was deemed to be mild and in terms of triage with Kuroda, all just their illness was deemed to be mild, so they weren't tested so I mean that's one of the reasons why she was particularly alert to the issues, but just to add on the on to the question around the the flights. The message to somebody who's been on this flight is no different from the message to someone who's been on another flight from Wuhan. You should be washing your symptoms. You should be staying home if you're ill and contacting Public Health right away, and we would not change anything we're doing with anyone who has been on this flight compared to someone else who had been off flight from Wuhan and this flight was. We have no flights from Wuhan directly into Toronto, they're, all indirect, just to be clear. What's the advice and information that's being sent to general physicians who, on a daily basis, are seeing patients come in with coughs, respiratory illnesses or fevers and aren't quite sure whether or not these individuals need to be go to a hospital for testing there's that kind of bit of a gray area there? What's what's the advice, I'm gonna ask dr. Yaffe answer that question and then dr. Mac, you answer. Yes, sir, we we have. The Ministry has sent out some guidance to primary care practitioners and it we're recommending that they put up some signage and if the patient has been in Wuhan within 14 days and has symptoms, we're encouraging that they call first to give the travel history or if they show up, then at least the physician and their staff can put on masks and if testing is required, they would have to have tested n95 masks or send them to another facility under proper precautions to get tested. So the information has gone out to primary care. You know we do get questions and it's as as the information changes or evolves, we'll be keeping them up to date. Just you know to avoid putting strain on the healthcare system with people showing up at the hospitals who, just quite frankly, don't need to be there that's kind of what what my concern is is how are these general physicians? How do they exactly know? Which case is symptomatic? Well, yeah part of that is the local public health is there across the province as a resource, any time primary care needs advice and who should go to hospital who shouldn't who should go home? How to manage them? We're there perhaps they're, not as vigilant and testing for this virus. This one would think they would be because here a case has spread to Ontario where the parents had symptoms. So you wouldn't have done anything different with this individual. She was well, she still would have travelled, but I mean I. Think, as dr. Williams alluded to earlier, it's clear that the system in China is working at capacity, and so they are. You know there will be time before we know what the full extent of the case count is, and if you look at confirmed cases versus suspect cases, that's a great example. Not all those suspect cases will even be tested because of the limitations and testing resources and the number of people ill. So, if they're in the hospital today, my guess the Chinese government would attest them, but early on, as dr. May said, they're just rounding up they're dealing only the most severe cases. They soon amount wasn't normal chrono, perhaps his only severe case but as they find more mild mild day and they get the capacity up. I think they'll be too far and wider and more at ease testing, and that's that's just part of what the reality is. When you're ramping up a system under a stress situation, you know how the parents ended up in the hospital while in Ontario you're not gonna, get into the hospital of a mild. You know respiratory boat, so how did they end up in a hospital in China where the hospital is supposedly jammed with people again early? This is this as weeks ago, at this point, I don't have further details. Unfortunately, what concerns do you guys have about people who may have traveled from luan to Toronto may have a low viral load may be asymptomatic and may be kind of in the community without the awareness that they, you should have been self isolated, because clearly, there is a case now, if somebody who met all all of those criteria, but there may be other people who may have arrived and not really know and may not be taking those precautions. What concerns you have there may be people out there like that and that archidamus the virus and it's a good question and that's why we've been saying all along we've seen that the returning travelers have been very responsible in that regard. We haven't seen cases all of a sudden show up and they didn't declare didn't tell anything if they, where and we're getting the illnesses showing up in our emergency departments and a physician. Would you know elicit that kind of information and test them and say well, this one didn't follow a normal process at all, as if yet we haven't seen that it doesn't mean, we won't pick it up. If we did, but so far, it's been very responsibly handled and we haven't identified any of those, but again we're being vigilant, we're looking for those cases, primary care doctors detecting if they think, there's concerns that someone has a travel history and of some questionable level. They can still feel suspicious enough and saying I think we'll get some testing done and send the requisition to Public Health Laboratory, along with other tests, because they're wondering what, if the diagnosis here, so it was that sensitivity and that alerted awareness we haven't seen it yet. Is that reassuring? Does that mean we are not going to be vigilant? We still have to be I'm, sorry and dr. Mackey, the the woman in her twenties. She did. She eventually exhibit any symptoms. Yes, so she was symptomatic a boat. He was. She arrived in Canada midday on 22nd. She was symptomatic the next morning. So that's when she went to hospital, got tested and went home into isolation. Yes, she stayed at home except for another trip to the hospital get tested again with all precautions. It was just a last glance. What was the number of patients now we're being monitored and the total number at this point their patients had happened. Well, we gave the numbers out this morning at 10:30, and so were those ones we have at the moment. As you know us that doesn't have the new confirmed case in it. So this is hot off the press for you to know, and so we're going to redo those numbers, and so we've got some new stuff coming in more results. Coming back from both from public health lab, as well as new cases coming in new PU is personal investigation and the national medical lab thing. So once you bring that data in we rectify the records and get the cleared up and that's our process in the future, as these are getting more that, we then gives new numbers tomorrow again, because whatever give you within an hour or two, it's no longer up to date, and so we'd rather say as of this time each day, here's the numbers- and so we haven't changed the 10:30, we'll change them again 10:30 tomorrow, the woman in this case is just moved from a person under investigation to confirmed case from a negative to a confirmed case in terms of how long shot to stay in isolation. You said it's two negative tests 24 hours apart and that's one I guess from the moment. That is the criteria, we're using two negatives at least 24 hours apart any other tests right now that are kind of flirting with being a positive result. There's none, but testing is ongoing day and night, and so these results are really committed brought to you as soon as we have terms take us through your testing. So when you guys get a swab I'm, guessing yeah just take us through that process in the easiest way pal. So first we get a phone call at the lab, usually in concert with the local public health unit, and we request that they take two samples, a throat sample and a nasal pharyngeal sample, and the reason we do that is to maximize the possibility of finding any potential virus there. We then run it on several tests. One is a test just for other viruses right now, we're in flu season, so to make sure it's not flu or something else more common, that's in the community and then we concurrently run a PCR. The PCR then runs it takes several six hours to perform, and then we basically do it an additional test. It looks like there's any RNA, that's on the results of the PCR, and we spell that out. So we do a very clear confirmatory test if there is any possible virus there, and so it's really it's a little bit longer of a test, and some of these new tests are going to be much faster and so we've concurrently been developing with our partners. Much more rapid tests, which also have some of them may be a little bit more sensitive, but we're running them all in parallel. Pcr is looking for the genetic barcode of the virus good morning. Everyone and thank you for attending today. My name is Bancroft. You.