The subcommittee will come to order good morning all dr. Collins welcome back to the labor HHS education appropriations subcommittee. Let me also welcome all of you, the v Institute and Center directors who are joining in this morning, dr. Bianchi, director of the eunice Kennedy Shriver National, Institute of Child Health and Human Development, that's almost as long as the Subcommittee on health, education, human services and related agencies here so anyway, dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, dr. Gary Gibbons, director of the National Heart Lung and Blood Institute, dr. Ned Sharples, director of the National Cancer Institute, and dr. Nora Volkow, director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse. Again welcome welcome welcome to all of you. This is I. Actually a leader Hoyer asked me this morning. He said you have the NIH coming. I said: yes, indeed, he says, and are you ultimately going to be able to get all the institute directors to come up and he said he will, and he said this is. It is one of the most remarkable hearings that we have and we thank you for the great work that you do and what a difference that you make in saving lives of the people of this of this great country. At the start, let me just touch on a matter of the coronavirus. I want to just say a thank you to the director to all of the Institute's I want to just say a particular. Thank you to you. Dr. Fauci I want to say that our public health experts deserve our praise, for what is the excellent work that you are doing on what is clearly a matter of national importance and national urgency. As you know, in so many ways today, we will be discussing the 2021 budget request for NIH and I want to note that I intend to invite an additional panel of Institute and center directors to testify in front of the subcommittee later this year and because I believe that we all learn a lot from all of you and, and we did that that happened with us last September as well before we get into the NIH as 2021 budget. Let me just if I can bring you up to date. I think you know that the committee has been working hard to develop an emergency supplemental -. You know to be able to fund the response of this outbreak and there's still one or two issues that remain. You know open, but with all speed and deliberation. The intent is that and- and the chairwoman can speak to that if she, if she cares, - but we're looking at trying to move as quickly as we can between today and hopefully tomorrow, but before the end of this week, to get the this finalized and voted on. So the funding you know includes funding for the NIH. The funding will support research on Diagnostics, therapeutics and vaccines for covin 19. That will be critical to managing the outbreak and again to save lives. I also might want to note that NIAID is not starting at square one. Rather, the years of building research on coronaviruses and vaccine development and I just want to say to the whole subcommittee to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have invested sustained investments in biomedical research that the committee has made in recent years and I am very very proud that the Congress has increased the NIH funding by eleven point: six billion dollars thirty-nine percent over the past five years. Last year alone, the Congress provided an additional two point: six billion dollars increase over fiscal year, 2019 level for the NIH, and this was in the bipartisan bicameral way that this was done and we're very, very proud of that I know. Certainly the ranking member is- and we work closely together on this issue. I would just say to you and that I you know, I I, think the President's budget would reverse this project. The budget proposes to cut NIH funding by three point: three billion dollars: seven point: nine percent below the 2020 level. This would result in NIH making nearly eighteen hundred fewer new grants to researchers. A reduction of sixteen percent on this subcommittee will not be pursuing these cuts. We intend to move forward with continued increased investment in NIH to build off that progress that we have made in recent years and again that will be on a bipartisan basis. I know that you know, as I know anything about what, where we're going and what we're doing. I am especially proud that the Congress provided twenty five million dollars for research on fire on violence prevention, including the twelve and a half million dollars to the NIH I, was glad to see that the NIH budget request maintains funding for research on flu, including on the development of a universal flu vaccine. However, I believe we need to continue to grow this research, as we did in fiscal year. 2020 and I look forward to hearing more about what NIAID accomplish. With these additional funds, I was disappointed to see a 559 million dollar cut to the National Cancer Institute, at a time of unprecedented promise in cancer research that has led to more and more promising researchers seeking NCI research grants I think cutting the funding for NCI sends the wrong message. In fact, with only a few exceptions, the proposed cuts to NIH would touch every Institute, almost every field of research. Last year. In addition to new funding for several initiatives, we were able to provide a 3.3 percent increase to each NIH, Institute and Center. We need to keep up that momentum and not reverse it. I believe my friend and my colleague ranking member Tom Cole will concur biomedical research is one of the most important invest at a country I can't make because it gives the gift of life so which we need to support and promise you that we will thank you again for everything that you do and I look forward to our conversation today, and let me turn this over to my good friend from Oklahoma the ranking member of the subcommittee Congressman Tom McCall I want to thank ya. Thank you, madam chair, and thank Allah for being here before I. Get to my prepared remarks. I just want you guys to know how deeply you were or how you span the bipartisan divide that we have here. I actually made a statement and it was tweeted out by Howard Dean last night, so I thought that was worthy of note. I very seldom get tweeted out by Governor Dean, so I was pretty proud of that and the statement was if I'm buying real estate in New York I'll, listen to the President of the United States I'm asking about infectious diseases, I'm going to listen to Tony, foul Qi, so I think that kind of sums up where we are, as a committee and I, want to commend all of you and thank all of you for what you've been doing in in the middle of a difficult national crisis. But, more importantly, what you do is just do day in day out every single day and the amount of hope you give people around the world. Certainly our fellow Americans and I think you've been extraordinary custodians of the investment that this committee is made on a bipartisan basis from multiple years. I know intends to make again if we can find any way to do it, we'll do it and I think we will find a way to do it. I. Just the current challenge that we have, frankly is a reminder that you need to do these things and you need to do them on a regular basis. You can't just show up a game day and think you're going to be able to deal with something you have to have made the commitments, the investments over a long period of time to have the infrastructure to do it. I'm very proud of this committee and our counterparts in the United States Senate, because we've done that and we've done it I'm proud of Congress for this front. Frankly- and this is no disrespect to anybody- but this committee is consistently last five years gone beyond what any president of either party asked it to do, and it did that because Congress, you know when we actually doubled the NIH budget many years ago. That was actually also a congressional initiative. You'll recall, I, think Congress, actually, because it's very close to the people has a has a very keen sense of awareness, of how much your fellow Americans value the endeavors that go on at the NIH. So go to my formal remarks. After five years, sustained increases for the National Institute of Health I'm pleased to welcome once again to this hearing room director, Francis Collins. You must get tired of hearing this, but once again, I want to commend you dr. Collins, on your long and distinguished career in federal service and you've left a legacy of excellence, and it's really an honor to work with you and I've said this. Often to you got to be the best politician in a town of politicians to get it pointed by Donald, Trump and Barack Obama I mean you know that happen very often, but again, I think it says something about the bipartisan nature of what you do and the national commitment there I've made no secret of the fact that increasing funding for the NIH is one of the proudest bipartisan accomplishments of this subcommittee. A sustained steady commitment to increased NIH funding is critical to ensuring our nation's future as a leader in biomedical research and unlocking cures to so many of the diseases burdening our strained healthcare system, the hard work and innovation. This funding fosters is part of the sustaining force of the United States economic growth leaders in the House and Senate Democrats and Republicans have unified behind these increases over the past five years and I ardently hope this trend continues for years to come well, I appreciate and sympathize with the fiscal restraint expressed in the President's budget. I do not think the reduction proposed for NIH is in the best interest of the American people to reduce the NIH funding at this juncture would erode the progress we've made, as the chairwoman mentioned over the past five years, signal to the research community, instability and quite possibly delay by years or perhaps decades, advances in modern medicine, including curing diseases, finding better treatments for cancer and unlocking the power of precision. Medicine I also want to caution against the budget. Requests proposed changes to the negotiation for indirect costs are funds included as part of the grant to cover facilities an administrator. This critical funding serves as a foundational element for research and I support the enacted bill, language I hope. Madam chair. We continue that restraint. This is a false economy that our friends at and some porters have pointed out, and it's one that will hurt research not to not provide additional dollars. We, we simply, you know, need to protect the institutions that we've been investing in this past year, we had the opportunity to sit down with a Nobel Prize winner, dr. Jim Allison, his work on immunotherapy for cancer treatment that promises to chart a course for a new direction for treatment for our deadliest cancers. The non-invasive nature and rapid time between treatment and resuming normal daily life is nothing short of remarkable. Moreover, these treatments are coming to market faster than therapies of the past and could take a decade before standard health insurance reimbursement. New applications for research in this area are overwhelming, available, federal funding. That's something I hope we and we look at very carefully going forward. Companies have noticed the promise of such methods and are beginning to invest their own resources as well. Ten years from now, we may have thousands of cancer survivors that, under today's treatment, protocols would not have been helped. It's stories like this that remind me a support for the NIH, has a real-life impact on life and that every dollar investment is a direct downpayment through a better future for millions of Americans and tens of millions of others around the world. I also want to highlight the progress we've made on Alzheimer's disease research. This deadly disease is creating an enormous strain on the healthcare system, families and the federal budget. It's a rising cause of death and impacting more and more Americans. Each year, total spending on Alzheimer's will exceed two trillion dollars by 2050. If it remains on its current trajectory, we must make progress frankly, fiscally there's, no other option. I'm pleased to learn an international team of researchers, partly funded by the NIH, has made more progress in explaining the genetic component of Alzheimer's disease. Their analysis, involving from more than 35,000 individuals with the late onset of Alzheimer's disease, has identified variants and five new genes that put people at greater risk of the disease. In order to tackle the physical, emotional and financial toll of this disease as having on families, we must have a better understanding of the underlying genetics. I do not want to take up additional time, recognizing all the distinguished Institute directors before us today. Madam chairman, that's quite frankly like you, I would rather hear from them about the exciting research that they're all involved in ever I do want to thank each of you and your colleagues and those Institute and center leaders were not with us for your passion, dedication and hard work. I believe the work at the NIH has and will change the course of the disease direction and treatment for many generations to come and I hope Congress continues to be a supportive partner in these efforts. Thank you, madam chairman, for holding this important hearing. Thank you very much. It's now my pleasure to yield to the chairwoman of the full Appropriations Committee and someone whose had just a major role in making sure that we respond in kind and with alacrity, congresswoman, Nita, Lowey and I. Thank you, chair, DeLauro and ranking member Coll, holding this hearing and welcome once again a very distinguished guest I. Don't know how you're awake dr. Falchi, but it's all those exercise routines. Thank you, but thank everyone because I know it is a team effort. Let me say at the outset, president Trump's disastrous budget is filled with deep cuts that tear at the fabric of our nation instead of building on the historic investments in last year's appropriation bills. The president double down on partisan, talking points to propose investing two billion dollars for the wall and cutting 3.3 billion dollars from National Institutes of Health really does expose the Trump administration priorities for what they are political rhetoric over public health. But, as you know, this committee is on your team and at a time with surging cases and costs associated with heart disease, cancer, Alzheimer's and related dementia 'he's, a vaping epidemic, and now the novel coronavirus this panels, commitment to nih will remain as strong as ever. I would be remiss not to mention that with my retirement, this will likely be my last NIH budget. Hearing I'll have to I'll have to come and be in the opening and when I think about it, we've come so far since I joined the subcommittee in 1993. I was a kid in when NIH was funded at about ten point three billion dollars we committed to doubling the NIH budget, then more than tripled it, together with the great leadership of this subcommittee. In the past five years, we have increased increases of eleven point: six billion for a total funding level of forty one point: seven billion and frankly every penny was worth it and we are so appreciative for all of you for your talents for your hard work for your commitment. It's really been an honor for me to serve on this committee. I, do remember touring a lab with a young dr., Francis Collins, who had a plan to map the human genome. I. Remember that first man, there was nothing in it and the advances in combating breast cancer have revolutionized survival rates, as immunotherapy has given life to people who would have had a death sentence a decade ago. We know more about childhood development and the human brain, and we have witnessing amazing strides in precision medicine and if you recall, we now even have some female lab rats for those who weren't part of that humor. At the time we were convinced all the lab rats were male, so I'm delighted to know that you have female lab rats. Your work has filled me and millions of Americans with hope, never in all of human history as medicine had more to offer, and yet, with all these great achievements, we have so much more to do. I recently came across my questions from an NIH hearing in 1999, when I asked why women are more likely than men to have Alzheimer's. We still don't have the answer. In fact, we don't have many answers to Alzheimer's. I was on a panel. Lord knows why they asked me to be on a panel, and it was about 35 of us sitting around a table with one person who knew what he was talking about. A scientist from Columbia and everyone was kind of quiet and I said dr. Gibson from Columbia. So what are you recommending for? Many people around that table there were experts, people who've been working on this for years and years and he's Santa. He said diet and exercise dr. vow. She knows that right. We've had conversations about that. Actually, so many of you, but after all the investments, that's really all we're offering most people when it comes to Alzheimer's. We still don't know the answer and we still don't have a method for early detection of certain cancers. We still don't know why treatments work for some patients, but not others, and we still don't know why rates of autism are rising and why there are higher rates among boys than girls by the way. If you have answers to any of these questions today feel free to share them with us. This may be up-to-date, I thought as of this morning, but if you have some answers to these questions, we'd love to give so much so there's so much we need to achieve and I can think of no better people to do it than the people sitting in front of us today. You have saved lives. You have ease suffering, you are our superheroes and with the polarization in our politics. If the American people could see how we come together to fund such important work, I was going to say they would be proud. They'd probably be shocked, but maybe we should invite more to really understand how bipartisan the NIH is and how bipartisan this committee is, and that is why we cannot let a partisan budget request stand in the way of saving lives, so I. Thank you all. It's a pleasure for us to welcome you once again, madam chair, thank you, dr. Collins I'm, going to turn to you for testimony and, as you know, your full testimony will be entered into the record and I yield five minutes of time. Well, thank you and good morning, Madame chair, delario, ranking member coal and especially chairwoman LOI did not realize you were going to make this announcement about 1993 to today. I think 1994 was the first time I appeared in front of this committee to defend the genome project. So thank you for that reflection on behalf of the National. Please, doctor I do want you to know that the condition mecfs chronic fatigue syndrome is of great concern to NIH, and these are obvious and if you need time to mention that please go ahead and do it, okay and and in the course of you, know the proceedings this morning. Sure just later point. Oh yes, let me continue on behalf of the NIH I want to thank you. This subcommittee, for that 2.6 billion dollar increase in last year's omnibus the steady increases you have provided have brought new life to biomedical research and built the foundation for us to take on new and unexpected challenges. Challenges like the one, that's on everyone's mind right now: the global corona virus outbreak, your investments have enabled NIH to be at the forefront of action against a serious health threat and I'm quite sure, you're, here hear more about what we are doing from dr. pouchy a bit later. In the meantime, I'd like to highlight a few of NIH s, other recent achievements, my computer and maybe I- could turn your attention to the screen. When science magazine announced its short list of breakthroughs of 2019. Three of them were supported by NIH. The first is the life-saving progress we've made against Ebola virus disease, including the first effective therapies. Our second breakthrough, according to science, was the development of kids getting specially formulated foods to combat malnutrition, taking advantage of what we've learned about the microbiome. The third is development of a highly effective, triple drug therapy for cystic fibrosis or CF I'm among the Legion of researchers, who've been part of a long journey to develop targeted therapies for CF m yeah. That's me on the left. That's 30! It's off in the corner on the left. Thirty years ago, when I led the NIH funded team, that Co discovered the gene for this Deb stating disease while I was at University of Michigan mutations in that gene lead to dysfunction of a protein that normally helps maintain the body's balance of salt and water, and without that mucus builds up in the lungs setting the stage for potentially fatal respiratory infections. The new triple drug therapy kicks that protein back into shape, and does it work well. Take the case of Robin Petrus, an Ohio woman with CF, who recently wrote to me, as these snapshots show, Robin slept in a mist tent as a child and her parents spent hours each day loosening the mucus that clogged her respiratory tract later she became so sick. She had to give up her beloved teaching career, but just five weeks after starting triple therapy, Robins lung function improved dramatically and she now lives. The active life she'd always imagined she's even set a new personal best swimming a full mile in 60 minutes. I could not do that. She told me this medicine has revolutionized my entire physical and mental life. What a transformation thirty years of research to get to this point and a wonderful example of basic science collaborations between public and private, leading to this kind of breakthrough. So stories like Robins inspire researchers to keep searching for innovative ways to help folks with all kinds of diseases. Among the many exciting possibilities is a new generation of gene based therapies. At past hearings, I've introduced you to just a few of those who've been helped by these therapies. People like Matteo with spinal muscular, atrophy Jenelle with sickle-cell disease, and many of you had met cancer patients like Emily, whose lives are saved by car t-cell immunotherapy for cancer, but we need more breakthroughs. There are about 6,500 diseases, for which we know the molecular basis. The pace of discovery has increased rapidly, yet we still have effective therapies for only about 500 of those. The latest development and gene based treatments, the CRISPR gene editing system, promises to boost that number CRISPR provides a precise, Find and Replace function for DNA, allowing cells to be reprogrammed to correct disease-causing misspellings five years ago. I never would have predicted this explosion of opportunities in gene therapy, but actualizing potential poses real challenges. Today it can take two years to produce the materials needed for clinical trials of gene based therapies, a new one just announced this morning. We can rely on the private sector to support trials for more common diseases, but for ultra rare diseases, which involve tens of millions of people, NIH must do more to de-risk projects if we hope to interest potential partners from the private sector. So to that end, the President's budget for FY 21 includes a 30 million dollar initiative for an NIH led consortium to Shepherd development of gene therapy, targets for rare diseases, from concept to clinic customizing processes for gene delivery, manufacturer regulatory review and testing. To conclude, these are dramatic times for NIH research. Today, I focused on gene based therapies, but many other remarkable advances are on the horizon: advances like developing vaccines for coronavirus and other infectious diseases using science to address our nation's opioid crisis and applying the power of immunotherapy to even more types of cancer. None of this would be possible without your support because of you. Now we at NIH are working hard to turn dreams of healing and health into reality for all. So thank you and my colleagues and I look forward to your questions and thank you for the slides, it's always and the stories, because that makes it real in terms of how people's lives have been changed. I lost to growing up to wonderful friends with cystic fibrosis, and there was an extraordinary you know and how we can now save lives and thinking about what you can do, let me just doctor, Falchi I recognize it. You have been very, very generous with your time and providing the subcommittee with information about NIH is current and proposed activity related to Kovac 19, including basic research, development of Diagnostics, therapeutics and vaccines, just a kind of a two-part question. Would you give us a brief update on the latest developments and NIAID x' work in this area and because, as I mentioned, NIH isn't starting from scratch with regard to the research on corona virus or on emerging infectious diseases? If you can tell us about how prior investments in NIAID that research have laid the groundwork for what we're able to do now with the corona virus? Thank you very much for that question. Madam chair. Yes, in fact, if you look at the fundamental basic research on molecular virology and the ability which really comes from NIH itself and NIH funded investigators to be able to identify a pathogen and sequence, it extraordinarily rapidly to allow us to do the things that I'll mention in a moment. But this goes back to fundamental basic research on molecular biology, biology, genetics, etc. Remember the first corona virus that caused the problem globally was the SARS virus in 2002, which were 8,000 people in 775 deaths for a death rate of about nine and ten percent. Several years later, we had the mayor's corona virus again, causing a problem in the Middle East. Now we have the third corona virus, one of the things that we've been able to do, and the NIH, as you know, does many things and we're studying very intensively. The fundamental biology and pathogenesis of the disease, but the things that we're doing right now in the form of interventions are in the arena of vaccines and in therapeutics. It's really extraordinary that, from the first time the sequence was made public by the Chinese when they discovered wood virus. It was literally within days we took that sequence off the database and inserted it into one of our vaccine platforms called a messenger RNA in the vaccine, research center at the NIH, and then what we did was do a stepwise approach, which is to first determine. Is it immunogenic? Can you stick it in an animal and would it make an immune response? The answer is yes, we I predicted that we would be about two to three months to go into phase one trials and I think we're gonna beat that I think we'll be in in probably about six weeks which, as a matter of fact, will be the fastest that anyone ever has gone from the identification of a sequence into a phase one trial of any vaccine. That's ever been done. That's the good news. The sobering news is that, since vaccines are given to normal individuals, what it's paramount is safety and whether or not it works so we'll do a phase one trial we'll do it in a number of our centers, including our Center, at the NIH that will take about three to four months and then, if successful, which I believe it will be, there's no reason to believe it won't be safe, we'll go into what's called a phase two trial, the phase one trial is 45 individuals. Phase two trials are hundreds, if not a couple of thousand individuals, it would take then about a year to year and a half to be fully confident that we would have a vaccine that would be able to protect the American people. And so, although the good news is we did it fast, the bad news is that the reality of X and ology means this is not going to be something enough tomorrow, in contrast with therapy, if I might say, we have a number of therapies that was used in an animal model and in vitro. We don't know if they're worked, but we've already started a trial in the United States on a Gilead drug quorum death severe in both Washington State, which is having a problem, as you know, right now, as well as in the University of Nebraska, where we have put the people who were expatriated, who were repatriated and brought back a clinical trial will be done and if, in fact, it's shown to be effective, maybe not perfectly effective, but at least somewhat effective in bringing down viral load. We would imagine in the next several months and it'll take that long to do the trial that me might have an intervention. So going back from what you said all the way to the molecular virology decades ago to where we are right now, I think that's what we call the proof of the pudding of investment in biomedical research. Thank you. Thank you very, very much as your grandmother, my grandmother said, lemon and honey is going to help your voice a lot. You know so maybe a shot at bourbon I, don't know, but in there in any case, I I've just about 13 seconds left, so I am just going to yield back my time and get around to my other question second round in the spirit of bipartisanship I want to assure you that shot of bourbon can't help you, madam Jeremy out I've tested routinely, and it works very well dr., Collins last year, when we were, you know, we all are always interested in in stretching these dollars. As far as we can and putting money behind research I think one of the smart things we did last year and bipartisan bicameral way was to set aside 225 million dollars for infrastructure frankly and for facilities maintenance, and we know that this does not meet your needs and the idea I think the hope would be. We see where our allocation is what we could do. That would be something we could sustain on an annual basis for a number of years to let you catch up to where you need to go so one. Could you tell us sort of how that 225 million dollars has been used to? What would you do if you had additional funds and in the next year of comparable size? Congress Nicole I really appreciate your raising this issue, because it is critical to the effective functioning of this remarkable engine of discovery, the National Institutes of Health and its intramural program. We have, over the course of quite a few years, been successively falling behind in terms of maintenance. Just because of the way the funding comes through, we're not allowed to spend money on buildings and facilities unless it's appropriately designated as such, and we now add up where we are. We are about 2.1 billion dollars in the hole in terms of the kinds of funds that would really ideally be necessary to keep the place in the in the kind of circumstance that you would like to see, and we've had a number of really major problems in our our Clinical Center, which have caused quite a lot of difficulties in terms of being able to take care of patients. I can, if you like, if it comes up here, show you a particular example of just some of the things that you can see have happened in the course of just the last a few months in terms of floods. We've had to close down big parts of our clinic at times, so we have a big backlog of needs. The National Academy of Sciences was asked by the Congress to look at this issue and agreed that we need urgent attention to this matter. We also believe we need, in order for the clinical center to be fully effective, to replace our current operating rooms, which are at risk of having leaking in the ceiling in the middle of an operation, and that's obviously something you would never want to see happen, and so we have on the books already to go a surgery radiology wing, with the cost of which, though, is about five hundred million dollars. What you have done in terms of increasing the support for this has helped us hugely, and it will help us both with the backlog of maintenance that we need to pay attention to, but also to try to build up sufficient amount of funds to start that new wing, and it will be greatly much appreciated if that can be also sustained in FY 21. You saw the President's budget actually did call this out as a special need by increasing that number for BNF to 300 million dollars. So I know this is not sexy in the same way as we're gonna cure cancer or we're gonna find a new answer for autism, but without the infrastructure we can't take care of patients in the way that they are counting us to do. That's the fact that you showed up with slides might suggest that people we coordinated this and some never happened. Dr. Gibbons heart disease and stroke or 7 times higher in American, Indians, Alaska, Natives and then among their white counterparts. I regret to say, and certainly my state, which has a high concentration. The Americans actually has the highest date. Death rate from heart disease in country, so did you tell us what the NIH is doing to address these health disparities and describe some of the progress you've made in recent years? Yes, thank you for that question. That address is really important concern. We have an important health disparity. As you pointed out. We particularly have concerns about rural populations, and we recognize that that and started a new cohort study. Our our Institute is known for the Framingham Heart Study overseas years ago of taking communities and starting to dig deep and understand what are the driving factors we've now taken us to a program. That's actually called rural that focuses in on Kentucky, Alabama and other areas with large rural populations. That's where we're seeing actually cardiovascular disease going in the wrong direction, as it is with certain populations of American, Indians and rural Americans. Similarly, we're engaged in studies like what we call decipher it's where we're taking community-based efforts to address. How can we engage communities in the process of creating healthier communities recognizing that often their social and behavioral cultural factors, and so that involves a community engagement strategy? In fact, dr. frets is a Native American who's, leading an effort she's now the principal investigator of our strong heart study, which is based in Oklahoma, the Dakotas and Arizona and she's engaged in a project to promote healthier lifestyles, particularly American Indian communities, in fact, taking them into a more traditional diet of fruits and vegetables whole grains that we know can help prevent heart disease, so this is a very top of mind and high priority. Thank you very much. Thank you, madam chairman. Every time, dr. Gowen are we learning anything about the development of Alzheimer's. How far away from even a temporary I won't say a cure? Okay, but let me ask you: how far are we away from a cure or real prevention? Alzheimer's I wish I had a crisp answer to that, but I would say. Progress in the last few years has been really impressive, Lee moving forward. We have identified pathways that are involved in Alzheimer's disease going well beyond the amyloid, and the a hypothesis which has been so dominant genetic studies have revealed now about a hundred different places in the DNA that provide a risk for this, and it tells you that there are things going on. We didn't appreciate, such as that the immune system is involved here in some way and lipids are involved in a way that goes beyond what we knew about before, and the cells in the brain that are sort of the supporting cells so called microglia, or at least as important as the neurons, which have always gotten all the attention. All of that has led to in a partnership with industry the accelerating medicines partnership, the identification in just the last year of 52 new drug targets, which are of great interest to academics and drug companies and which will lead us down a whole bunch of new directions in terms of therapeutics. But I have to say, the amyloid hypothesis is still very much on many people's minds. Even though we've had all of these failed trials, and we don't understand why they failed. Please keep in mind. Biogen is still taking the position that their most recent trial when they reanalyze the data, did look as if it provided benefit to people who got the highest dose of this antibody against amyloid for the longest period of time and they've gone back to FDA and FDA has been willing to look at the data again and watch this space closely. If FDA decides there's something there, we might actually finally be in a place where we have a signal of some benefit and then, of course, the whole game changes. There's a huge difference between having everything fail and having something work a little bit, because then you can build on that and we're all watching that closely. So it's really all hands on deck. Nih is running now over 200 clinical trials, not just about drugs, but also about preventive interventions. The Sprint mind, study, which Gary Gibbons could tell you more about, has definitely shown that reducing blood pressure seems to be a good way to prevent the onset of dementia and susceptible individuals. Vascular contributions are really important here. We're pretty sure that physical exercise helps we're pretty sure that cognitive exercises are also benefit. I wish I was able to say that with absolute certainty, so we are making progress, but let's make no mistake. This is a really hard problem. Okay, I'll ask you next year by right, I'll write you a letter. Next, okay, dr. Sharples, another one of my favorite issues, because it's been so disappointing. Are there any advances that have been made in early detection and treatment for kidney cancer yeah? Yes, we think the incidence, in fact, if kidney cancer has gone up modestly related to improved detection, so is finding smaller lesions earlier. This provides some challenges because when we start taking very small cancers, we always worry about this issue of overdiagnosis and overtreatment and detecting really, you know dangerous cancers, a post from the more indolent type, but I think that kidney cancer is an important human cancer where we have made some progress, but there's more to be made. It is not one of our most outstanding successes in the cancer world. Immunotherapy has some role for these patients in terms of early detection. We are still considering a number of approaches, including I, think perhaps the most promising right now. In addition to imaging, is you know the ability to detect cell nucleic acid in the blood, so blood tests for something like kidney, cancer or other related cancers. So we have a number of approaches, but stay tuned. It's still early, so I'm sure, dr. Givens and dr. Volkow. You all know about the rising rates of these cigarettes, particularly among young people, which is just startling in 26, second, want to make a quick statement, and then we can go back and get into it, because I am really concerned about the incredible rates and I think we should be concerned. In 2018 we saw a doubling in one year of the number of kids that were vaping nicotine and in 28:19 we saw a doubling of the number of kids that were vaping THC. So the concern is, of course, that these kids are becoming addicted both to THC and nicotine, and we may lose the big battle that we've worn over combustible tobacco with all of the adverse consequences. So, yes, we should be very concerned. So we'll say: forgive the next round: I don't want to overstay my welcome Thank You, congressman Harris. Thank you very much, madam chair and dr. Fallon I'm surprised you have a voice left at all appeared to have been everywhere. There must be, you must have like twins or something you're everywhere. Let me ask you a question about because you used the word: the sequence for the corona virus 19 and that's the one I take it. The Chinese are shared with that sequence. My understanding is also that they've been unwilling to share other other samples of the virus, that that is a that. That sequence just won the place of time and that it would be useful to know to see other see. Other samples is that true I mean from a scientific point of view, is that's something that would be used. It would be very useful, but we're mitigating that problem, dr. Harris, because we now have, unfortunately enough cases but and that's of concern to me that that you know that the Chinese did not share that. Because I don't know, look in this in this instance, days or weeks might be very important and I'm afraid that we might have lost days or weeks with China's unwillingness to share those early case samples. Now the fatality rate is, of course, controversy goes, who just announced that they think it's 3.4% you've been I, think quoted a New England Journal of Medicine a few days ago as well, it's probably less than 1%. No is that where did what he became the denominator? That's you said it, sir. If you look at the cases that have come to the attention of the medical authorities in China, and you just do the math, the math is about 2%. If you look at certain age groups, certain risk groups, the fatality- is much higher, but as a group, it's going to depend completely on what the factor of asymptomatic cases are. So if you have asymptomatic cases that are a lot, it's gonna come down. What we're hearing right now on a recent call from the w-h-o this morning is that there aren't as many asymptomatic cases as we think, which made them elevate, I think what their mortality is. You should you know as well as anybody that the mortality for seasonal flu is point one percent, so even if it goes down to one percent, it's still 10 times more fatal. When will we know with our own data? Yeah I think we all know where their own I hope it's you know I mean I'm torn dr. Harris, because if we get enough data to have a big end, it's gonna be bad news for us, so but we're learning more and more. The thing, that's encouraging is that as part of the w-h-o umbrella team that went to China. Finally, after a long period of time, there were two USA individuals on there, one from the CDC and one from the National Institutes of Health. He has come back. He is now in self-isolation in his in his home, but he's going to be giving us a report pretty soon about that and I think from him. You know him cliff Lane he's the individual who's. My deputy and I think we're gonna get the information you need well. Thank you, dr. Collins, a couple questions about data and information sharing in your budget justification. It said the NIH in the process of updating is data sharing policy I'm curious. If you have any information on the amount of data, that's indeed shared by NH grantees and whether you believe mandatory sharing of data should be a requirement of all those receiving grant funding and a related question. The administration has suggested that you know. If someone receives federal funding, the published research should be available free upon publication, not a one-year waiting period but free upon publication. So can you comment on those two? What I'd call you know? You know just kind of transparency issues with regarding federal funding. Those are very much on our mind, dr. Harris and certainly in terms of having our grantees share the data that they've generated with public funds. We feel very strongly that's part of their responsibility and certainly the data sharing policies that we have been putting together, make that in creasing Li, clear, there's some legal limitations on our actually making that a mandate, but we can certainly put in terms of a term and condition of the award that that's the expectation, and we can monitor that to see if, in fact, it is happening with regard to publications, we also believe that if the public is paid for science, the science ought to be accessible to people who are interested in looking at it. As you know, this is a controversial topic, because some of the journals would find this to be an existential moment for them. If everything was free immediately, we are working in that direction. We have for a few projects like the cancer moonshot, like the heal initiative, required that everything that comes out of those projects has to be accessible at the very moment that it's published without any charge or any firewall, and that is a signal of where we want to go eventually. But this is a complicated negotiation. That's right, but it is. Is it your feeling that it would be an existential threat or that the journals could probably find a way around it I think all the journals are looking at options that they might try to adopt as alternatives to those that require complicated and expensive journal subscriptions. Thank you very much. I yield back congresswoman Lee. Thank you, madam chair Thank, You ranking member for this hearing. Thank you, dr. Collins. Thank you for your team. It's always good to see you and I associate myself with the remarks of everyone who has talked about the importance of continuing with our bipartisan work, because really you are in the business of a life-saving life affirming and just thank you for everything that you're doing I. Of course, you know. I have focused a lot on the National Institute of minority health and health disparities, and unfortunately, I see this 30 million cut above what it was. It requests 305 and the enacted level is 336, so it is a 30 million dollar cut. Now we know there are many disparities, as it relates to communities of color. When you look at the disproportionate rates of lupus and thank you very much for following up with our request on lupus in terms of an action plan, higher rates of Alzheimer's among older african-americans, sickle cell disease and trade and then in many ways, I feel like I've, received a medical education for Molly, because so many of my family members, friends, a community suffer from multiple sclerosis, COPD lupus sickle-cell, HIV and AIDS. The a1c test, diabetes and sickle cell trait relationship. So I personally, like most members, have gotten into the weeds a lot of these diseases and we have put in budget requests, and language and I want to thank you for being responsive and for bringing forth the plans that we have asked for. So in terms of these cuts. I'm curious with regard to what the 326 million dollar cut to the National Heart Lung and Blood Institute would do in terms of our COPD action plan. Also the cut again in the National Institute for minority health and disparities, 30 the 30 million dollar cut, and over and over there I can talk about these cuts as it relates to you know. Some of these diseases, multiple sclerosis, the brain initiative, I believe there's about 40 million. So can you just kind of tell me how you're gonna deal with this? If these cuts in fact go through and then my second question is and I want to thank you for the report, as it relates to the growing absence of black men in medicine and science and we're working very closely now with with partners in this and I, wanted to ask you with regard to the Common Fund, how can we support more comprehensive work, because this is outrageous in terms of what's happening to black men in medicine and in the sciences and how we can help fund the National Academy of Sciences and doing their based on their round table work that they want to continue, and can we look to the Common Fund, unfortunately, yeah a cut of 196 million less, and so can we no I'm sorry 40 2.6 million less than 2020. So can we kind of talk about how we're gonna address these issues within this budget? There's so many important questions there? Let me just try cuz I, know. Time is short with regard to what NIH does when we encounter a circumstance of really significant resource constraints. I think all of the people at the table would agree with me that we try to still identify what our priorities are and try to protect those as much as we can. We look around to see if there things that could be slowed down without quite as much of a serious impact, but it is painful to try to do that and every one of the areas you talked about. We would have to struggle with exactly that kind of priority. Setting I'm really glad you raised the issue about our workforce and the need for more representation from underrepresented groups. Our workforce does not look like our country, and it should I want to mention, and this is something that you you brought up in terms of the Common Fund. The program called the build initiative, which is a way in which we are making it possible for people from traditionally underrepresented groups to have a real scientific experience as undergraduates, which is how you actually capture the attention and the imagination and the passion of young people, and that program, which has now been going on for four or five years, is actually looking very promising, and none of these programs we would do- would be done without really evidence based analysis. We're not going to support things that don't work. We also supported a national mentoring network for people who may not be like me, a white male who would naturally have a network that they could depend on. That is also turned out to be quite positive. You are right that may be an area we're particularly worried about as african-american men. We have a recent initiative, we're discussing with the NCAA about how to interest athletes in science and provide them with scientific opportunities like summer internships in a research lab, so that that will be seen as a more attractive possible career path with mentors and role models that they can learn from. So we're all over this excuse me new strategies, new ideas and see if we can develop some broader partnerships that would actually enhance what you're doing absolutely we're closely aligned with the National Academy on this topic and they've been very much partners, and we would like to build on that and do even more okay. Thank you very much. We'll follow up. Thank you, madam chair, and thank you all for being here good, to see you all again and dr. Collins appreciate your many years of service and I wondered if you and also dr. Sharples, could talk briefly about the president's childhood cancer initiative. That's something that I know we funded and and just wondered. If you could give us an update on that, you have to take that. You know. Childhood cancer is an area where we've seen significant process progress over the last few decades, but we still have a ways to go. They're still, clearly too many kids dying of cancer, the United States and they're, still even the kids were able to cure, are often left with lifelong survivorship challenges because of significant surgery and radiation therapy and chemotherapy. So it's an area where we need clear progress, and you know the administration announces as a top priority of theirs to make progress in childhood cancer, and the president announced this initiative. The State of the Union of more than a year ago, and now Congress has appropriated the funds and we're tremendously grateful for that important devotion of effort and resources to this topic. So it's underway, we have had a sort of convened a lot of the thought leaders in the community about how to make progress most expeditiously. In childhood cancer. We have charged the working group to come up with ideas and we're well underway. The focus here is on sort of how to use data better for childhood cancer and we're sort of radical data, aggregation, I suspect, for example, we'll be able to create a registry that has data on every child with cancer, the United States and that well in terms of outcome and follow-up that'll be a significant. You know an improvement over what we have now. This is a very exciting initiative. That's really getting started. Okay, thank you and dr. Volkow I, wonder in the past, you've discussed efforts to develop non-opioid alternatives to help manage both acute and chronic Payne I wonder if you could give us an update on the status of that research and some of the innovative approaches that might be coming down the pipeline yeah thanks for that question, and indeed the general support from Congress that gave us 500 million dollars to our base to actually store the address interventions and science that can solve the opiate crisis has enabled us to advance enormous ly our investments on understanding pain, transition from acute and chronic, but also to develop new therapeutics and to to determine what implementation we can currently do to help patients that are suffering from chronic pain. As a result of that, there are several projects that have emerged, including the creation of a network that will enable two networks. One of them will enable the development of new molecules and testing, and the other one will enable the testing in patients with pain of the interventions, and this is done within industry, with partnerships with industry so that we can help accelerate, but also with academic centers and an interns again. This has been an incredibly challenging area to develop. Treatments that are are as effective for pain but safe, and yet we and that's why it's so incredibly relevant that we create the partnerships with pharmaceutical industry. Barda and I. Think I mean Franciscus, taken a lead on this and I. Don't know if there's anything else that you think worth mentioning I think I've you've said it well. I would like to emphasize. This is another all-hands-on-deck circumstance where 20 of the NIH Institute's are getting together to work. On this initiative we call heel 4, which stands for helping end addiction long-term, and for that we need to have non addictive, but effective pain, medicines, and we are working quite quickly in that space, recognizing it's a really hard problem. Thank you. Dr. Fauci we've been talking a little bit about the corona virus and I wondered if you could comment on some of the partnering that you NIAID has been doing with Barda on the development of medical countermeasures for these threats in general, biological and threats. Yes, thank you very much for that question. It transcends coronavirus, certainly because you know, as the NIH is fundamental mandate and work, is in fundamental basic research and its translation into translational research, which is then translated into a product for intervention, and if you look at the things that are now out from a number of diseases from HIV to Zika and now to corona, it's essentially a process where we do the initial fundamental research bring it to its early stage of development, usually in a phase one and hand it over to bata what bar does get their resources and partner, predominantly with either biotech companies or larger pharmaceutical companies to make a product based almost invariably. In fact, if you look at some of the things that have now come out with products, almost every single one of them, with few exceptions, has NIH fingerprints on them from the very beginning, so I think it's a really a nice marriage and part of the continuum from the fundamental research to the product, and it's worked very well. Thank you very much. Thank you, madam chair I. Yield back. Thank you very much, madam chair. Now. Thank you all for being here. Dr. Collins, thanks for having all your colleagues here, I think the the single easiest thing to say is, and it's totally a tribute to all your work when you see the bipartisanship when this comes forward, when our ranking member was the chair of the committee or Ms DeLauro, we as Congress increased funding to NIH and I, think it just shows how much we all value everything you do. So thank you and I just want to say. Thank you so much for updating the statistic and I'll repeat because I think it's good for everyone to know. We used to have how many drugs were approved. I think in a six year period that had NIH support and it was every single drug you just did a ten-year period. We look back going through 19 of the 356 drugs approved by the FDA each and every single one had support from the NIH and that's our tax dollars. So thank you for updating that number and I think it's something. As we talk about drug pricing and other issues, it's very very helpful I feel like I would be doing of malpractice. However, if I didn't talk about the coronavirus, especially with doctor foul sure here, I want you to know, I follow you very closely. I have enormous respect for what you say. I've been following Scott got Levi had and have enormous respect for him. I've been following the World Health Organization trying to get some various sources on this and I have to be critical in one area and I'd love you to help me be talking awful edge on this, but I don't know if you can is the lack of how were handling testing right now. The fact that all of a sudden CDC is dropped, keeping track of how many people we test. We had someone this morning talked to us. It was part of the Ebola response, their comment and I paraphrase. Is you know when you don't even know what you don't know? That's not a great place to be and trying to figure out how to deal with things and the fact that if we start not keeping track of this the amount of tests in who we're testing, we should be much more aggressive, I believe, in my opinion, we should be in the hospitals. Anyone who's got a pneumonia that we can't necessarily be testing, because otherwise medical professionals need to know. I just feel like this is one area we've gained great response and where we are on finding something to help, whether it be treatments or otherwise. A vaccine I feel like this is one where we're dropping the ball and I would do want to get to another question. But let me ask you on this particular help. Talked me off the ledge I'm nervous that we're not keeping track of who were actually testing in the fact that we're not more aggressively testing well I'm, not gonna, try and talk you off the ledge, because you're making a good point. So no it's less than keeping the track of the test, sir than it is making the tests available and withdrawing the restrictions on who can be tested. So let me explain because this is really an important issue. I just want to leave a minute for the other question, yeah, okay, so the issue is the tests from the CDC well, for public health components stayed in public health groups, they'd have to give it to them. The test comes back to the CDC that started off with some technical problems, which delayed that going out. The major issue that I find- and many of my colleagues find problematic- is that if you're looking for people in the community who don't have a recognized link to a test, we call it community transmission. Then you've gotta withdraw the restrictions that, in order to get a test, you have to have a link to something. It's almost inherently contradictory, those have been lifted. The FDA has taken two constraints off and now we finally have companies that are going to be making many many more tests, but should we be proactive in testing, especially in hospitals and places like that, rather than waiting for people to come and be tested? Yes, okay, because I just feel like that's one of the convenience of using -. Yes, okay and I feel strongly about that. Thank you, I love. When I get a one-word answer, maybe you could meet with secretary DeVos and explain to her yes/no questions. Second area I'm worried about supply chain. You know I, just read: China rx, because Rosa told me, and now I've got Mike Gallagher one of my colleagues in the Republican side from Wisconsin. You know I. Think gonna read the book next I am concerned about. You know the fact that, as we've had the conversation previously about this, the number of either drugs that are made active ingredients that are made I would add medical devices that are made in places like China and I. Don't know. Do we really know what that supply chain is with the various companies? We did a letter this morning, Pramila Jay, Paul and I, -, I, think the top 20 or so prescription drug companies and are asking this very question. But do we keep track of this anywhere -? No, how much how many of the drugs are made in places like China and where we could be for potential shortages and in a case like this I, believe that the FDA does and the fact your concern is one that we've been talking about as part of pandemic preparedness for years, when we put together the plan back in 2005, we said one of the real problems is supply chain. I was somewhat I would say, impressed / shocked that something like 90 percent of the fundamental ingredients that go into many of the drugs. Not the actual drug itself comes from China. So that is a real problem and I don't have any answer to you. It's not anything that we do, but it's something that impacts us. Okay, so one really really quick follow-up. Should we be tracking active ingredients and medical devices as well supply chains, yeah I would imagine yes, but again, that's out of all purview. Thank you. Thank you. We will do a hearing or briefing with we can talk about that congresswoman Herrera Butler. Thank you, madam chair, in and I'm glad mr. procane asked about this. This is one yesterday when I was at the White House I asked vice president pence about the supply chain, issue and I know in the last number of months. We've heard were finer, finer, finer, fine or weeks, and then this last week it's what we started to hear. Well, there's some concerns. I. Think February 27th was the first time that a man, a prescription manufacturer, noted that there's a supply chain issue with regard to the corona virus and we've already seen shortages for unknown reasons of things. Like you mean a suppressive drugs, and this is an area that I'm very focused on seeing if we what what the solutions can be in the short term, because people say go, get three weeks of your prescription. Well, if your prescriptions being rationed, you can't do that. What types of solutions can we so there's now and in and then coming you know year that we're going to be dealing with maintenance and treatment of this virus? What should what? What? What should we be doing? What can you see and then obviously there's the big picture when you talked about needing to fix the supply chain overall for preparedness? Could you speak to that? The supply chain problem is, as you will know, very well, long-term problem that has been brought to our attention multiple times and then, when you have something like this, you realize you have a supply chain problem which you cannot fix immediately and there's no real easy fix for it. I, don't have an answer for you, but maybe this would be a lesson as we go forward that as I've said to this committee many times this isn't the first nor the last emerging microbe that we are going to be confronted with, and if one of the issues that's vulnerable, when you have an emerging infection, is getting cut off from things that we depend on from other nations. So I'm, sorry, I! Don't can't tell you what to do tomorrow or next month, but maybe we could talk about the future and how we might turn the knob a little bit. I'm interested in that I want to hear about the future and how we can we can change the the big picture. I do think there are some immediate solutions that I'm going to be asking the administration to be considering and the different task force to make it easier for people to access their prescriptions. If maybe it's even accessing a brand, that's available over a generic, that's not available, and how can we help make that cost effective for patients and hold them hard unless that's an area that I'm looking at for the immediate short-term, because people need to have access period? You know the other thing I wanted to ask about is and I don't know. If you can speak to this, but you're professional so being from Washington State in my districts on the coast, I'm in between Seattle and Lake Oswego. Obviously, people at home are very attuned to what's happening. The state has requested, and you know, there's been a lot of coordination have been on the phone with all all sorts of the governor's talking. The vice president is talking to the taskforce talking to our senator, like we're. Everybody's, mobilizing and I am very proud of our public health response. I'm grateful for the CDC and even FDA folks were on the plane immediately. So we are moving forward, one of the things that was asked and it's kind of around the strategic national stockpile, which is not necessarily under your jurisdiction. But perhaps you could speak to we've made a request for personal protective equipment. I think we're only at about half of that has been let to us as a state and then also with it. What's your opinion about expanding CDC testing criteria, because I agree, I actually think so the state can only test a certain amount of folks. We need it in the commercial labs available for people to go in and test. Would you support expanding that that criteria, so we could get more people access your thoughts, yeah I, would support expanding criteria means withdrawing restrictions. That's that's. The press want to hear it another way. Yeah, hey I, think we can't say it enough. Yeah, right and I feel very strongly about that. Washington has a very good public health. They have put together a test that they've done. They've been able to do it; they need help. They need support. I was on the phone late into the night last night, with my colleagues from Washington and and- and we really do need to act aggressively there when you say help and support, give me specifics. No, we need, for example, they they are doing contact tracing on the nursing home outbreak mm-hmm. Now, if they find out this community out there, they're gonna have to do contact tracing on that they're, stretching their resources and and that's an issue so backfill support, obviously need they need some help and I I. Think in fact I'm certain that I think I'm certain the CDC is right. Now, as we speak, helping them that's my understanding, but it isn't. I was on things with both of them last night. So that's the reason why we appreciate that. Thank you, madam chair. Thank you on the supply chain. Issue. I would hope on a bipartisan basis that we could take a look which is not the subject of this. Is this committee but advanced manufacturing, and what we can do in the long term on manufacturing those ingredients here, rather than in China and I? Think that's well worth our time and effort to take a look at congresswoman Frankel. Thank you very much for being here all right. So I just have to ask you some super market questions. So people think like when I go to the supermarket people, think that members of Congress should know everything all right so I. These are very simple lists, but so one of the questions I get is if, if the coronavirus is just a cold symptoms, well, that's what we hear on the news: okay, more like the flu okay. So it's not just I'm, just I guess the the question I have is: how long does it last and what makes it so serious it isn't a common cold. The confusion is that about 10, to 30% of the common colds that you and I and everyone else get during a season happened to be a corona virus, but a certain subset of corona viruses can cause extremely serious disease. They did it with SARS. They did it with mares and now they're doing it here with the novel coronavirus. The reason it's serious is that a question that was asked by dr. Harris is that the mortality of this is multiple times. What seasonal flu is so seasonal flu spreads widely. The mortality is 0.1% right now in China. The mortality for this particular infection is the latest report was three to four percent. It might be a little bit less it isn't. A cold is very interesting that most of the of the common colds have upper respiratory infections. This virus not to get too technical. The component of the virus that binds to a receptor in the body to allow it to infect those receptors are rich in the lung. That's the problem it binds to it. So a person can present no sneezing, no sinusitis fever. Shortness of breath. You do a chest x-ray and you have pulmonary infant rates. That's not the common cold, better answer for people next question: if you're able to comment on this in terms of your research, is there anything that you think the FDA can do to speed up your research I see a shaking of the heads by dr. Collins you're, referring to coronavirus or any-any any drug that you've been researching, so we work very closely with the FDA. We actually have a joint leadership. Maybe that's a better question. Is there anything that we can do to speed up the FDA yeah? Well, Tony? You should say specifically with coronavirus, because fda has been all hands on deck in that space and it's been very recently pretty actively enhancing the ability to do laboratory tests. I, don't think, there's anything that you could do to speed up the FDA. Quite frankly, they may need more resources to do the kinds of things they're doing, but we have there. That's right, miss madam chair, but we are very good relationships with them. They have been very, very cooperative and collaborative with us in trying to get these countermeasures out as quickly as possible without cutting corners, that would impact safety and our ability to evaluate efficacy. The former acting commissioner, the FDA, might want to answer this question as well. Since he's now the head of the Cancer Institute so yeah. What could the Congress do to help the FDA there Ned? Yes, that's a question: I'm, here's NCI director dad I really want speak on behalf of the FDA, a different federal agency, but I think you know this challenge like this is really trying for the Food Drug Administration, because it's so sudden and the the sort of machineries built to be deliberative, I. Think, probably the you know the device centers decision making about making these LD t's the lab, develop tests more widely available and releasing those restrictions is a really important development that I think the academic labs will be able to bring these tests up to speed very quickly, I think they're, definitely gonna need more funding. I think they have some significant hiring challenges of the FDA that I worked on a lot. 21St century cures gave them a new hiring Authority that was much appreciated and I suspect they'll be using robustly, but they're, really great people and I'm sure they're up to the task. One more question on Alzheimer's is the private industry doing any research, because so I've always heard that, because it's so expensive that they're really cutting back on that they are. But it's not all companies again I have the privilege of serving, as the co-chair, the executive committee of what's called the accelerating medicines partnership, which is focused on Alzheimer's, as well as rheumatoid arthritis lupus and diabetes, and there's five companies they that are invested in this in a big way and they haven't been willing to put their funds as well as ours, together into a partnership where all the results are open access, but it has been concerning that a number of other companies have ceased working on Alzheimer's disease because of so many clinical trial failures. We need them to come back. I mentioned earlier. We have more than 50 new drug targets, we're trying to encourage them to get interested again. Thank you, madam chair. Well, first of all, thank you for answering. So many of the questions that we have around coronavirus, but I'm gonna, actually switch topics is that okay, so the I'm from Illinois the congressional district I serve, is 14. Counties goes up to the Wisconsin State Line Mississippi River is on the western part of my district and then goes into central Illinois. 11 of the 14 counties are rural, and then we have the population centers of what we call the Quad Cities, Peoria and Rockford. So each of these counties and communities face the unfortunate circumstances that can lead to negative health outcomes that probably like almost every congressional district in the in the country and as you know, these are called social determinants of health and in I'm. Just gonna give you a few examples. In Peoria Illinois we've got a problem with food. Deserts and I heard a story from a person in my district takes them. 16 bus stops to be able to access fresh fruit and vegetables, 16 bus stops and then in in Rockford Illinois congresswoman, Lauren Underwood just came to my district she's, the co-chair of the black maternal health task force, and so we brought her in. So we could bring health professionals together and find out. Why do we have in the state of Illinois six times black women are six times more likely to die as a result of pregnancy, related conditions than white women? So we it's something that again social determinants of health. How do we get to this? We have a hospital in my district that took them seven years, hire a primary care physician, seven years and then we've just closed within the last year to the abstract obstetric services out of Pekin Illinois and Galesburg Illinois. So those are some of the examples that we're facing so along with Congressman Cole, we introduced the social determinants. Accelerator act very proud that we've gotten that out there. But here's what I'd like to ask you, and maybe dr. Collins you can start, but it would love to hear from the rest of you on this. The National Institute on minority health and health disparities has a strong focus on social determinants of health, but each of your Institute's obviously has the skin in the game on this. So I'm wondering if you can talk about how you're working together to address us, what I can take away from this love, the powerhouse that we have sitting in front of us and that's what I'd like you to focus on for the couple minutes that we have here and it's a wonderful topic and in fact every one of the NIH Institute's, as you say, has skin in the game in various ways and I could give you many examples because of the time maybe I'll first asked dr. Bianchi to say what we're doing in terms of this very thorny and difficult and important issue of maternal mortality, which is particularly a problem of health disparities. Thank you doctor. Thank you and IH really shares your concern. We, the problem that we have is, although maternal mortality is rising, it is still a relatively rare event. So it's very difficult to study it they're only about 700 women. It's too many, but it's hard to study 700 a year, we're focusing on the so-called near misses. In addition, there are 50,000 more women who are near misses and these women can help us to identify differences in survival. Why do these women survive, whereas there are others who do not? We also really need to understand. Why is there a difference in african-american women, as you mentioned, but also American, Indian women, as well as Alaska Native women who all have higher risks of mortality, as well as all women over age 40? It's also important to recognize that maternal death doesn't just encompass pregnancy, labor and but it encompasses the full year after delivery, and so we need to connect up obstetrics with internal medicine. Pregnancy puts a stress on a woman's body, as you know, it unmasks comorbid conditions such as diabetes, depression and heart disease. So it's really an opportunity to intervene. Dr. Collins has put up the slide because we are now developing a trans-nih initiative. That's going to be known as the improved. This is the first time you've heard about this. It's implementing a maternal health and pregnancy outcomes, vision for everyone. It has two components. One side on the right is the foundational biology part which is really aimed at determining predictive biomarkers as well as novel technology and on the left. There's a social and bio behavioral aim. It's very important to connect the communities not only to hear from them what they need, but then to be able to implement some of these changes. Everybody could tell you more about and I'm sorry because of the time I can't call on the other folks at the table, but we'd love to talk to you more about this. This is a very high priority for us. Okay, well, we'll set aside some time where we can talk outside of this hearing, but thank you very much. I appreciate your perspective on that I yield back Clark I Gil to congresswoman. She wants to yield to you, go for it. Can you take that 30 133 seconds off of my time and go go for it good good morning? Everyone thank you for being here and I'm. So sorry that I missed a lot of the testimony. I think that you do important work and I. Thank you for the service that you provide. Dr. foster, you said that you support proactive testing. True right, yes, so what does that mean? What well? Why are we not doing it and what does it mean and who would be tested and under what circumstances we beginning to do it now? There was not implemented earlier, and what does that mean for active testing means to when you have community spread, where you do not have a known index case? So let me give you an example of what non proactive is and then now it'll be easy to show it for activists. So you bring in someone as we did when we flew many of our diplomats and others from Wuhan. We brought him back to the United States, and the thing you needed to do was to test their obvious contact like their wives or their husbands. Or what have you and you wind up, seeing that they're infected or not proactive means, I, don't know. What's in the community, so I'm gonna go to a bunch of emergency rooms and when people present with symptoms that look like they might be coronavirus, even though they have no connection with anybody who has corona virus, they didn't travel anywhere and test them to see if they're, absolutely anytime. If I go to, if I go to the emergency room in New Jersey, where there's no confirmed case or anything, but I've got some symptoms right, loo like symptoms right right, they would test and make sure that it's not the corona. There aren't enough resources to do it. Every single emergency room in every single Center, so what the CDC has done. They started by taking six sentinel cities and now they're expanding that to many more cities, essentially doing sentinel surveillance in different places, and that will give us a good idea, or at least a partially good idea of what's under the radar screen, that we're missing these clustered only near no no cities, Washington Los, Angeles, San Francisco on a Lulu, New, York and Chicago, and there will be more um. My understanding is that some of the the that the CDC is managing diagnostic tests sent to state Public Health labs of all FDA's managing tests at private labs. How does it get determine? Who does what it's? Not a question of managing it's a question of the CDC's fundamental mandate is to develop the test and provide it for public health purposes to individual state and local public health authorities. The issue with the FDA came in when the FDA can give permission for a Medical Center. You pick it University of Washington in Seattle Cornell in New, York City to develop their own test or to partner with a biotech or diagnostic production one and do their own tests on their own without needing the very intensive quality control that the FDA generally gives to a test. So that gives much more flexibility to have many many many more centers do their own tests. Okay, my husband had pneumonia in December and he's still coughing I'm like I, want to send him. I want to send him to have him checked out, I'm, very interested in research into this health care, health disparities among minorities and non-minorities and minority children, and what's happening with the suicide rates, how it seems to be growing exponentially or just desperately in the african-american community and I'm wondering the budget as proposed. What is that impact on on the Institute? That would do that kind of research and be able to support those kind services. So, as we mentioned earlier, when NIH is faced with resource constraints, we try to identify what are the most high priority issues and try to protect those, even if it means that we have to cut back in other places. I totally agree with you. The question of health disparities, and especially something as heartbreaking as suicide has to be a very high priority in the National Institute of Mental Health who's not represented at this table, has a big investment in that space and particularly trying to understand. Are there ways of identifying who's at risk and making an intervention before it's too late and we're getting closer to that in even using things like machine learning, taking advantage of what happens because everybody's carrying around a cell phone? There are indicators in terms of people's reduced social interactions that they are perhaps in a depressed state that you would not have otherwise known a lot of that research now going on, and it's very appropriate to focus, particularly on the health disparity part of it, and make note that we did. I'm sorry is that my 33 seconds I yield back I have other questions regarding this issue. Thank you. Thank you so much, madam chairwoman, and thank you all this. Incredibly esteemed panel doctor patchy I am hearing a lot from hospitals in my state in Massachusetts, who are feeling under-resourced and unprepared for the corona virus. Can you tell us a little bit about, as we are anticipating moving from containment to mitigation, how we are going to help with the hospitals around the country? So when you say we you're talking about the United States government, so I mean I, chin CDs. Well, the NIH is not going to be able to do anything there, except make as quickly as possible the results of the research we do to be able to be deployable in places like Massachusetts. The CDC works very closely with state and local health authorities, and that's one of the reasons why I think you're, gonna, see and I don't know what it's gonna be. Is that they're gonna be resources that are gonna, have to be forthcoming to go and I understand, there's a supplemental package being one through I. Don't want to address that, but that's one of the ways to answer the question is that the states Massachusetts, including I'm gonna, need some help to be able to implement the kinds of things that I think are gonna be needed. Looking at Massachusetts and this entire health crisis, one of the things I'm glad about is that Massachusetts has a very high number of insured people right that does not hold true across the country and I am concerned about how our health insurance policy plays out in something like this. Can you tell for me where you see the gaps and what's most immediately obvious to you about what we can do to redress it? Yep? Sorry, that's a very good question and because of that most recently it it must have been in the last couple of days. They will seem to mention to one these days, but a couple of days that the director of the CMS has now been made a member of the president's task force, so that person is there. Those questions came up exactly the question. You're asking came up at the task force meeting last evening and that is going to be addressed. I, don't know what the answer to it is because that's not my area, but it clearly came up. Just like you said that some states, some territories, some regions, have good insurance, good care and others don't. So. How are we gonna get the tests equitably distributed not based on whether somebody can pay for them or not yeah, you know it pulls in our paid family leave policies all these different things, and we don't expect the CDC to take on that whole policy agenda, but they're. So in and I hope that the taskforce will also look at immigrant communities if we cannot get immigrants to fill out a census because of fear. How are we going to get them to access healthcare for their children and themselves again? A very good question, because that also came up at the taskforce and from what I'm hearing that's not going to be an impediment excellent, we will. We will wait and see dr. Volkow good to see you I was also very concerned that the Trump administration had proposed transferring five million dollars from substance use and mental health services nearly 63 from NIH to fight the corona virus. I, don't think we make trade-offs between public health emergencies, but I wonder if you can tell me what progress has been made and what state steps is NIDA taking to work on the youth, focused interventions and recovery support services. Well again, one of the things that has helped us enormously has been that 500 million dollars that came to address the opiate crisis, because one of the projects that has been prioritized is prevention interventions and when you address prevention interventions to help to avoid kids start taking drugs, you don't do it specifically for opiates, you do it in a general sense- and this is also important because we're seeing now that the opioid crisis is shifting not just from opioids to getting into psychostimulants. So it's not like we're going to have to address prevention for one track. We need to address the question. What is making us vulnerable as a country and Jews are the most vulnerable of all of them, so we have several initiatives that are on that are going to be expanded to address how to, for example, we can prevention to rural communities that are at very, very high risk for drugs to the criminal justice setting. How do we intervene in schools and another project that we have been able to hopefully launch? As you know, we've done a 10-year follow-up for children from nine to ten or to understand what are the factors in the in the brain that makes you vulnerable to drugs. But how does the environment influence them? We want to start in infancy to look forward, so these are just some of the examples that were targeting to try to develop knowledge and implementation methods to prevent youth from taking drugs great I'm out of time, I'd love to follow up with you and another way on medically assisted therapies for treatment for younger people as well. Thank you. Thank you. What I'm gonna try to do is to ask three or four questions and get quick answers to them. So, and let me just start with this dr. Bianchi endometriosis, a disease impacts one in ten women leading cause of hysterectomy. Can you describe and I ni, CH DS research related to endometriosis. Tell us what your top priorities for the research would be if provided with additional resources and I'm asking this question, and where is my colleague congresswoman think an hour who has a very serious interest in this in this area, and thank you for being here congressman so hold on to that dr. Collins. We gave you every 12 and a half million dollars for a gun, violence prevention. Research I want to have you tell us? What do you expect to do with that? Also, with the office of research on women's health, NIH budget has grown by 39% office of research on women's health has increased only 8% anyway. They have a critical role in doing what we need to do across all of the of the Institute's. How would additional resources for the Office of Research and women's help enable the office to better advance and coordinate women's health, research and dr. Gibbons, cardiovascular disease and women? You know stroke heart disease, leading cause of death for women in the United States. What research is NHLBI's supporting to improve diagnosis and treatment of women with heart disease? Not thank you, madam chair. As you said, one in ten women have endometriosis. These are women of reproductive age. It's associated with chronic pain, has enormous economic impacts, because women do not go to work. It's a leading cause of infertility and it's also associated with an increased incidence of cancer and I CH D has a gynecologic and health disease branch where we are funding research on the diagnosis, prevention and treatment of endometriosis. We've made it one of our 10 aspirational goals in our strategic plan and I'm very proud of the fact that ni, SI h, DS research. We were talking about drugs that were developed as a result of NIH support. The drug or ELISA, which is the newest drug to treat pain in women with endometriosis, came out of an ni, CHD SBIR grant. Thank you and I would just say just say this to Congress women thinking our that you ought to be in touch with dr. Bianchi to get all the information that you need very quickly to preserve time. Firearms we have invested in firearms research all along and having this additional funds from the Congress in the current fiscal year is something that we welcome. We are invested in a full set of threat, research to Americans well-being, and we will continues to do so and have certainly committed to executing any funding directives from the Congress. We have already written up various funding opportunity. Announcements are waiting momentarily for them to be cleared, and we will look at such things as the role of video games that role of trying to keep firearms out of the hands of adolescents such things as the violence, interrupter schemes that are carried out in some cities do they actually work. We need data here and we're the data people, that's so you can count on us. You asked about o R WH the office of research on women's health, a very important part of what we do: Janine Clayton who's. The director of that is a wonderful catalyst, but let me emphasize that, while the funding of o R WH is modest, it's about 43 million dollars. The overall funding for women's health research is about 4.4 billion dollars. It's reflective of the way in which this in fact involves all of the Institute's I'm very, very concerned about the amount of funding to the office of women's health. Research. I understand it's being done, it's cross-cutting, but this is something that many many years ago we identified as something critically important and I want to make sure they're getting the resources that they need, and, let me just say, Bob about go ahead. Dr. Gibbons on and they'll be uh. Maybe I'll take off on that point that a key part of the initiative for the NHLBI to address women's health and cardiovascular disease is actually to take more of a focus in their the reproductive years, and to do that, we recognized that a leading cause of maternal morbidity mortality actually relates to cardiovascular disease, particularly women over the age of thirty, in their reproductive and childbearing years. So we have a number of initiatives. That's targeting that so, for example, pregnancy is often a stress test for the cardiovascular system. Peripartum cardiomyopathy is a major cause of maternal morbidity and mortality. So we're we're really striking up an initiative to better understand what are the drivers and biomarkers and actually genetic factors that main predisposing to that. Similarly, we're trying to direct, we recognize that women who have adverse pregnancy outcomes often or have a long term trajectory of increased cardiovascular risk. So we have the new moms-to-be heart study. That's following up over time and recognizing that there may be interventions, we can do to change the whole trajectory of those women and these things playing together, they're not in isolation they're, not in silos, that's correct and they work together on this. Thank you very much, madam chair, and when I think about the Appropriations, you know it's too easy, sometimes get caught up in a what are we doing this year kind of mentality? The rally is way this process works. It's everything is cumulative and incremental appropriations, and so, under that philosophy, we've adopted over the last five years, a cumulative, an incremental increase for NIH funding, and so dr. Collins I want to ask you two of my favorite questions, because you always take me in interesting directions. First is one of the things we've been able to do that we would not have been able to do had we not made these kind of consistent investments and looking forward what are the things that you think we might be able to do if we were to continue down the path that we've been on, that is sustained inflation plus increases for the NIH over the next five years. I love being asked these questions. Thank you for mr. Cole. The way in which this five years of steady increases influence. Things is perhaps most dramatically visible and what we've been able to do for early stage investigators back in 2015, we funded 600 of those grants in one year, and that was not nearly enough and people were getting pretty concerned whether they had a career path. This past year, we funded over 1,300 of those more than doubled this investment in the next generation of talent, and that morale has just dramatically changed, I'll, be in Alabama tomorrow and Friday meeting was investigators and I can tell you they're going to be really excited about science, because now the environment makes it possible for them to take risks. Similarly, we've been able to increase the number of just overall grants and the number of principal investigators we've enriched the breadth and depth of the entire work force that we depend on in terms of specific things, we've been able to put forward projects that are truly bold, moving our understanding of life to single cells, the single cell biology effort being able to go after things like the influenza vaccine at an even higher rate, the universal flu vaccine than we would have otherwise and develop platforms like what we're now using for coronavirus. We could have done that if we hadn't had this support initiating this dramatically. Bold program called all of us that aims to enroll 1 million Americans in a long-term prospective study of health, and that is going to be a platform for so many other things that we'll want to learn about, and that takes sources. The brain initiative really trying to figure out how what's between your ears does what it does again now spending half a billion dollars on that, and it is remarkable what kind of technologies have been invented and what impact that will have on brain diseases. Cancer, immunotherapy, making great advances, but we would not have been able to do as quickly without your help and the whole a focus on opioids and finding alternatives to opioids through the heal initiative. Those are just a few of the things that we would not have been able to do had it not been for your strong support and seeing this predictable upward trajectory what we could do going forward. Well, gosh the sky's kind of the limit here, I mentioned in my opening statement about gene therapy that we are at this cusp, where we can begin to take. What's now been done, curing sickle cell disease with gene therapy, let's start curing a lot of other of these conditions as well. You can see the path forward to do that. New opportunities in terms of artificial intelligence, machine learning, applied, we're gonna have a big investment there coming in the next year or two, because we can see ways this could play out in multiple different applications. A new focus may be on nutrition. We're talking seriously about that. It's an area that we know is critical for health, and yet the science hasn't necessarily quite gelled around the new opportunities. It's time to do that and again that's going to take resources and all the things we talked about in terms of health disparities, ending HIV in the u.s. dealing with the new difficulties with methamphetamine and cocaine, not just about opioids. Those are all in our minds as visionary things that we can accomplish with this kind of path being continued, so I really love the question and everybody the table would have their own answers, but I guess I kind of give you a bunch of mine sharpest on cancer. What would your answer? Be yeah, you know I think I'm. You mentioned Jenna Allison earlier Nobel laureate who won the Nobel Prize for figuring out kind of a use. The immune system, a cure cancer right, I think, what's maybe not known about Jim story, is that he started out in a small institution of Texas. That's where his first paradigm changing research was done. It was not a glamour. Institution was before he went to Berkeley. It was before him with the MD Anderson. It was before he went sloan-kettering and I think that I'm obsessed with the fear that they're these great scientists with terrific ideas who were working out they're sending us their grants. We've had explosion of grants, emissions 50% increase ever since 2013 and they were not able to get to their great idea because our pay lines just aren't high enough so that, with the generous appropriation the Congress has been giving us. We've been trying to get those numbers up so that we can get to those really innovative, cutting-edge science that make a difference for patients like dr. Allison's work. I just would say, madam chairman I, hope we look at this. This way. We ought to be thinking about this because, as dr. Collins said, every person here could give us a different answer. If we could tell them with some certain we're gonna stay on the track that we've been on, and we want you to think that way and present those kind of possibilities. I think this committee has done that, and you know, frankly done a good job at it. Thank you very much and want to take this opportunity again to thank you all for your extraordinary work. I came back because I wanted to get back to the whole issue of these cigarettes with dr. Gibbons and dr. Volker, with all the information out there. It's not penetrating the kids and the rising rate of e-cigarettes among young people, as you know, is startling, but I look at the numbers. 64 people died nearly 3,000 more hospitalized last year with vaping respiratory related illnesses. Now, as I understand it many, but not all of these cases were attributed to vitamin E acetate long-term impacts of vaping, but concern is growing that there could be long-term health consequences and heart disease stroke cancer. In the couple of minutes we have I'd like to hear from both of you. What can we do about it? And if you have any ideas, it would be welcome. I, just see these numbers increasing on college cancel campuses exponentially yeah. One of the things that we don't necessarily recognize is that these vaping devices are very high technology for delivering drugs in ways that make them very, very rewarding and addictive. So you can actually deliver huge quantities of nicotine in much higher concentration. Would you normally do with combustible tobacco as a result of that? What we're observing is in the past, where a kid will take several months to escalate, now we're seeing this escalated in a couple of weeks, and that is also associated with toxicity but much higher risk of addiction and that's what we are now facing and the numbers speak for themselves. One of the main reasons which was not even recorded in the past by teenagers are saying that they are vaping negative is because I say they are hooked to it, so they have done that transition very very rapidly and I think that the message is that it's urgent, that we do interventions to prevent that. We need to stop it because otherwise we will go into tobacco smoking again, for the one hand, but also all of the points that you are saying that I will let my colleague are dr. havens address. We don't really know what are the consequences of delivering these vaping into your lungs as well as other organs, so, but I will rely yeah. So you clearly raised an important area of concern. Just last summer, obviously you're describing the cases of e-cigarette and vaping associated lung injury that I really started to explode as a sort of a new epidemic and and mysterious illness. We didn't know why people were presenting with hospitalization, shortness of breath and other symptoms until we got these history of vaping. This was an area where close collaboration, quite frankly between NIH FDA and CDC, and responses. Public health threat was pretty immediate and and collaborative in which, almost literally within weeks, we were convening, subject matter, experts around the country and again leveraging prior investments. This committees made because we were able to leverage Centers of Excellence in tobacco regulatory science, bring and convene people who have already been studying each cigarettes together and saying. What can we do? What's going on about this new vaping epidemic? Really, it's a long injury that mobilized a research agenda, and so again, within weeks, we put out a notice to engage our research community start studying what is driving this ivali and the CDC. With its case definition and surveillance apparatus was able to start to make these links to THC and substances that might be a combined with THC that might be driving it by December. We clearly had a sense, at least, as you pointed out, that vitamin eat acetate of you know from samples from the lung may be a key associated element of this phenomenon and again related to the researcher community. We established investigators were already beginning to study and get the causal link between vitamin D acetate in study and in animal models, and in fact, just last couple of weeks, it was published in the New England Journal related to NHLBI funded investigators in Roswell Park that indeed just giving the vitamin E acetate through a vaping device, at least in this mouse model, was able to recapitulate. A lot of the lesion is seen in patients with Eve Olli. So in literally within eight months, we've been able to close the loop from a mysterious disease involving a collaborative effort between NIH, CDC and FDA, to address that public health threat and with that awareness, we're starting to see the cases come down, but it's dr. Volcom, the man mentioned. We still don't know the long-term effects. In fact, we've now funded a cohort to follow loop and trace all those patients Woody Valley, and we recognize the Diwali is probably just the tip of the iceberg. What's happening to subclinical injury to long of the long term of these young people. That's still oh, no! Well. My time is up, but I would just hope that we could work together. I think it's pretty conclusive. This just isn't good for kids, adults or anybody. Absolutely. What are we doing about it? The kids don't believe it and working with CDC, perhaps we've read I'm with you. I would ban it completely, but I'd like to follow up with you, because it seems to me the science is conclusive from what are we going to do to get these kids to understand, cut it out? Thank you very much, Carson Harris. Thank you very much and thank you all for being here. That makes me nostalgic for the day I used to do research, how exciting it is, especially when we have discoveries dr. Collins. Just briefly we're you know, group of us are gonna, send a letter to the president asking him to look again at human embryonic stem cell research, which we understand still continues at the pace of about a quarter of a billion dollars a year at the NIH. As you know, I mean that's. Not the future really is pluripotency. You know of you know, inducing pluripotency of regular cells into stem cell states and and the idea that we're continuing to destroy human embryos and funding it or funding the destruction basically through the NIH I think is, is a mistake, because you know human embryos are, in fact the youngest humans and I think many believe correctly. The human life should never be used as a mere means for achieving the benefit of another human being, and that's not the purpose of human life. So I would hope that, if that, if the president responds positively to our letter that we come up with a way to phase out that you know to just phase out the use of a quarter of a billion dollars on something that really is yielded, no direct clinical benefit yet and I understand their basic science reasons to pursue it. But these these are humans. These are the youngest humans. We should move away from that as soon as practical dr. Volkow, it's good to see you again, you know I'm gonna, ask you probably know what I'm gonna ask about. It's been it's been a year and I want you to update us on. You know the the marijuana research that's done looking at its effect on the brain, because you know, as more states attempt to move to recreational use of marijuana. Fortunately, in the last omnibus bill you know, an attempt was turned back to to make recreational marijuana industry much more profitable and widespread through you know. Removing banking restrictions I mean those restrictions still in place, so it buys us some time to actually educate the American public I think about how dangerous it can be. So if you could just talk about that, and just as an aside as you I do believe, our colleagues in energy and commerce is going to move finally in medical marijuana research bill that makes it easier to do research and to truly discover what what is what is merely a pie in the sky promised with regards to what marijuana can do and what and and those diseases where it really will be of help. But if you could just update us about some of the research that indicates about just about how dangerous expansion of marijuana, especially with the bleed down to younger individuals, that we see I mean whether it's, whether it's east cigarettes or marijuana, you can make it illegal, but people are gonna. Young people, gonna use it. So if you could just briefly in the last two minutes, discuss what's you know, and thanks for asking that question, because it's an area where there's been major changes in the perception of the American public that we have a drug that is benign and as a result of that, we're seeing a very dramatic increase in the number of people that are consuming marijuana. Forty four point: five million in 2018 of greatest concern, of course, relates to children because the brain is developing during until we are in the mid-20s, and the endogenous cannabinoids system, which is the one that's basically stimulated by marijuana, is crucial in enabling that development, including migrations of cells, how cells communicate with one another. So what the research has shown is that kids by adolescents consuming marijuana- and there is a dose effect- are much more likely to show disruptions in terms of structure and function of the brain that appears to be associated with cognitive impairments. The criticism that has been done of those studies is that they've looked at it retrospectively, which is the reason why we're currently doing the ABCD study that is looking prospectively to address specifically that questions objectively in ways that cannot be challenged. What also has emerged very clearly- and this is from stories that have come across all of the world by independent nations- is that the use of marijuana with high content THC is associated with a greater risk of having psychosis. Now. The big question is: is this acute or chronic psychosis? And there is now data to show there's unequivocally that Chi doses of THC can make psychotic any one of us chronically now the data indicates that it was increased there, that you could develop a chronic psychosis, whether you have the genetic vulnerabilities will recognize it now or not. So, and this again highlights why we need to provide information to the public so that they go with their eyes wide open when they make decisions of taking drugs. But importantly, when we make policy decisions, thank you very much. I yield back congressman Lee. Thank you very much, dr. pouch. Of course, we've worked together for many years on HIV and AIDS on the epidemic, I co-chaired, bipartisan, congressional hiv-aids caucus and we're still working together in a bipartisan way to make sure that we have the resources to address this epidemic. I we're at the tipping point now in the field of HIV research, including vaccine development. So just I'd like to ask you if you have kind of an update on the future progress in these areas in terms of vaccine, HIV and AIDS. Secondly, I'd like to ask you just in terms of the corona virus: has it hit a pandemic level or not, and how do we explain to our constituents the difference between an epidemic and a pandemic and I want to find out as serious as this is? How do we make sure that the public well I think we're doing a good job in explaining how to prevent the transmission of the virus? But, given that there's a 2% in fatality rate for this virus- and it's impacting people who are elderly I wanted to find out? Do you think that, from your perspective that that 2%, it is accurate right now in terms of fatality rates and then to dr. Collins? If we have time just on sickle cell, how close are we now I mean you've done some remarkable work on sickle cell disease and we're waiting and I know we're close. Of course, you know one in ten African Americans in the u.s.. They have sickle cell well, at least the trait and so I wanted to just see how close we are and how we are doing, as it relates to identifying the trait early enough, where those who have diabetes recognize that the a1c test is not or could provide false results. Okay, so I'll be really quick, because you had a lot of questions so vaccine. We, as you know, we had a disappointing situation with the vaccine trial. That was finally looked at by the DSMB in South Africa, which was called HV TN 702, which was using the model that we use in the Thai trial, and they showed you know, safety, no, no deleterious effect, but no efficacy. There are two other major trials that are going on one in southern Africa, one in the Americas in Europe those trials. We won't have the data on them, probably for at least another couple of years, they're using a different concept, they're using a different vector using a different protein and they're using a different adjutant. So I can't give any prediction of what it's going to be, but simultaneous with that there's another whole effort on HIV vaccines, using structural biological approach to get the right confirmation of an immune agend to induce broadly neutralizing antibodies, which are the gold standard of protection against viral infections. So there's still a lot of good work going on, but we did have a disappointment number two, the word pandemic yeah. There are many many people who have different different descriptions and definitions of what a pandemic pan being all means widely distributed. This, the WHL has not declared this a pandemic yet because they haven't had very sustained transmission throughout the world. So technically is not a pandemic. It will be up to them to make that declaration. Next, the 2 percent mortality- a report just came out today that when they looked at the the totality of the data in China, mostly it was 90 plus percent of the infections are in China. It was somewhere around 3 percent. Up from the to the percent, mortality will depend on what the denominator of a number of cases. So, if you're, not counting every case, then that the mortality would be high if you're counting a lot of cases that are subclinical, the mortality become low, but no matter how you it's many many many more times lethal than the influenza that we get in a season, particularly for the elderly and those who have underlying conditions, because most of the deaths in the hospitalization could mean ages like 70 very quickly in my colleague, Gary Gibbons is very much in the lead of this effort. We have a whole cure, sickle cell initiative, that NHLBI is leading and the good news is here. We now have at least three clinical trials that are using gene therapy for sickle cell disease that appear to be working and working dramatically, they're very high-tech. They require very specialized technology and hospital services. So it's not quite ready for broad extrapolation, but we are going to see I think in the next few years, sickle cell disease becoming one of those conditions that we can actually cure. In fact, we have started a new initiative with the Gates Foundation to figure out how we might extrapolate that to sub-saharan Africa, which is where most people with sickle cell disease live and where it would be. Unethical I think at this point to say we're fine, because we figured out how to do this. In a high-tech environment, we have to figure out how to do it in a low resource setting as well. The interaction with a1c and sickle trait is now well recognized, I think by many physicians it was a very significant Jam of publication that laid out exactly the data about this about a year ago. So I think there has been a recognition that this has to be paid attention to when managing diabetes with somebody who has sickle cell trait. Thank you. Thank you. So much I was delighted to hear this morning the story on NPR about the incredible advances and you did a very good job. Dr. Collins on you know, injecting a virus into the retina and potentially restoring vision. It's it's unbelievable and I. I know that there are many concerns, also with CRISPR and and these technologies after the Chinese scientists edited genes of babies last year, so I know there's great work going on about putting up the sort of ethical guardrails that we need. I, wonder if you can me what steps NIH is taking to protect patients and mitigate wrongdoing, as we continue to push the boundaries of science and medicine for amazing cures. Well, this is an area of intense interest for all of us, and it is this remarkable circumstance where the application of CRISPR casts so-called gene editing for many different genetic diseases- and you mentioned the one that was just reported about this morning, which is a cause of blindness, is one of the most exciting things. That's happening right now in terms of research. Let me make it clear: those approaches, basically a approach, a way to fix the spelling of a misspelled gene somewhere in the body, but it doesn't get passed on to the next generation. It's non-hereditary. What happened in China was an intent to actually make this kind of change in an embryo which would be what you call the germline and the hereditary changes, and we all agree that that is utterly inappropriate at the present time. There's so much, we don't know about that so many risks, so many theological and philosophical consequences to beginning to change our own instruction book. We at the NIH would not support that. In fact, that would be illegal in the United States. That kind of embryo manipulation. The World Health Organization has a high-level panel that is looking at this and we wait for their recommendations and so far, they've also come on quite strong on this. Our National Academy is when you expect that recommendation whu-oh recommendation, I think, probably in the next few months, sometime during this calendar year, from what I hear they're beginning to close in on some sort of conclusions. Again, whu-oh has a challenge because they've got to get all those countries to sign on to it, so there'll be a draft and then we'll sort of see what happens. Certainly in this country. That would not be something we would do, but at the same time, there's all this promise. If you don't deal with the hereditary applications, but what we call the somatic cell part you're, dealing with the I or admit the liver or maybe the brain for a child who has otherwise an untreatable genetic disorder. This is potentially enormous, ly exciting. We have a whole program at NIH and our Common Fund trying to develop the ways to deliver that gene editing apparatus safely to the tissue where you to go cuz. It's one thing: you know how to do it in the cell culture, but in a person, how do you actually send it to the right, zip code and have that result happen safely and effectively? There's a lot going on in that space and we put made a pretty big investment for me, who's a geneticist. You know there are these 7,000 genetic diseases waiting for some kind of solution. This is a scalable approach that might actually work not in the next hundred years, but maybe in the next decade, but we have to work really hard to knock down all the barriers. Thank you, dr. Sharples. It came to my attention recently through crackerjack staff that 20% of cancer trials failed due to insufficient patient enrollments, because there are barriers as restrictions on eligibility, access to transportation, etc, ability to take time off work. What efforts is NCI undertaking to enhance clinical trial, recruitment and operations at smaller community sites that may not traditionally be engaged in clinical research, I think you're, really important topic clinical trials. Accrual is sort of the whole. The whole foundation rests on being able to recruit patients and we have the so many trials and so many great ideas in cancer. But if we can't test them, then we really can't make progress so fixing this problem is an intense focus for the National Cancer Institute I. Think one big issue is, you know: trials in Prior era were designed poorly. They were done, designed to be done in a tertiary care centers only not to be done in sort of the other sorts of environments and required. You know just a process that was bad, and so one of the things that's happened in the last few years is a real focus on these sort of basket trials that can be done in the community, so the NCI match trial accumulate, accrued 6,000 patients at 11,000 sites, for example. We have this in core network that has these sites that allow people to get a core to accrue to trials in the community. We know that being on a trial provides better care and also provides a more diverse population on the trials. So it's really important and lastly, I should mention. We have made it a crusade to get rid of these arbitrary and somewhat silly eligibility enrollment criteria that people keep you Bluff trials like HIV, positive or treated brain metastases, or things like that, so we working with others in the community in the oncology community of tried to make trials simpler and more doable in the community, but it's still an area where we need some improvement. Great. Thank you so much congresswoman Frankel. Thank you again for being here. Terrific and so I have three questions. Okay number one is I, had read a report or a study that that women are feeling like doctors are dismissing their complaints. Um number one I'm curious, whether or not there's any research on sex discrimination in medicine. Number two is in my where I live in West Palm Beach seems like in the entertainment district. Every other storefront is selling CBD. Florida is also legalized marijuana, so I'm I'm just curious whether or not there's any research to show that either CBD or the marijuana is medically effective and then my third is my back to my my grocery store. Questions on coronavirus is I know you're not supposed to touch your face, but is it any part of your face or we have with where the germs go in and and if someone is gets quarantined? How long have to be quarantined for and can there be repeated Quarren quarantines I mean I, guess the better question is: do you think this is going to be a widespread issue in our country, discrimination? First, certainly with regard to maternal mortality, there is definitely discrimination and that women's voices are not being heard, and that is one of the aspects of the improve initiative that we want to address. That's the community-based initiative. We know that there is not only dismissal of women's voices but also there's infrastructural racism, and we are definitely including that, as part of this overall initiative, CBD and marijuana, we know that there is evidence from CBD to be effective for helping to treat seizure disorders in children dravet syndrome and that has led to a medication. Otherwise there are no other fda products approved for CBD, but there is interest with respect to its analgesic effects. There is interest with respect to its anti-inflammatory effects, and we also definitely are interested and are evaluating its potential therapeutic value to help treat different types of addiction, including opioid addiction. With response I interest is I, mean, there's research being done, research is being done, we're funding researchers to do this, both in animals and in humans, and with respect to that THC, the information is more limited. There is some evidence that it could be beneficial for for multiple sclerosis, for spasticity from multiple sclerosis, also for pain indications and otherwise, there's not. The evidence is not very good in terms of its potential benefits, but researchers are doing stories and we're funding researchers to do stories on PTSD, for example, could it kappa value alright back to the so to have the Germans get in you? Okay? So, first of all, you asked the question about touching your face yeah. So the public health ways to avoid getting coronavirus are very similar to those to avoid influenza, and that is particularly as simplistic as it sounds. Washing your hands as frequently as you can. One of the problems with respiratory borne diseases is that they are spread either by droplets gross drop with someone coughs or sneezes. Ah you or even a bit of aerosolized, where you can be sitting next to someone very closely and you don't coffin sneeze, but the virus can aerosolizing I mean there's a go into you through your nose, your mouth, that's what I'll get to okay, all right! So what it is it will get in through a mucosal surface that could either be your nose, your mouth or even your eye. The reason for washing your hands is that people often do the wrong thing. That's why you hear us say coffee into the crook of your elbow, because people sometimes go like this so blow their nose. They'll shake hands with you touch a doorknob fifteen minutes later you come by and do that and you touch your face and that's how you get it. So that's the way. That's the first thing. Secondly, incubation period quarantine, the incubation period, the median time from when you get exposed to to get in clinical symptoms is about five five point: two days: that's the median. The range is somewhere between two and fourteen fourteen is much much more the outer limit. So when someone is suspected of being exposed, they either self isolate or they get actually institutional quarantine. For four days you can have 14 days, 14, multiple self quarantine, I mean what if you get exposed and then you stay home and then you get exposed again and you stay up. Do you have to get stay home every time you get exposed? Well, it depends on what you mean by exposed I mean if you are exposed to someone who has documented infection and then you are tested and you go into voluntary isolation, not necessarily quarantine. The only time you get quarantine is if it's very, very clear that you have direct contact with someone. Well, it could be if you're, in a situation where you're in a in an outbreak and well, that's very interesting, because when you go from containment, which means to preventing the spread to mitigation, which means in the community distancing yourself socially, if, if I don't want to say when, because every time I say when it's a headline, if okay, if it gets to the point where there is really widespread infection, if that ever happens or expect that to happen in our country, I can't predict that I cannot be worried about it. I, don't worry, I, try and just do things that can prevent it. Thank you very much. Congresswoman Watson Coleman when there is a vaccine available who gets it first. Besides, my colleague to my left, dr. pouchy, who gets it first and how do we go about distributing it? Well, the standard approach when you have a vaccine, for example, for influenza, and you have limited vaccines, you give it to the most vulnerable and the most vulnerable clearly are the elderly and those with underlying conditions, and those generally are heart: disease, chronic lung disease, kidney diabetes and obesity are those who are immunosuppressive drugs who might have an underlying cancer and so we're square 18 months or so away. From that, probably least, the other thing is important. Is that the healthcare workers and those who are the frontline responders, because those are the ones in every disease? We know that are the most vulnerable. In fact, if you look in China the people who were most vulnerable before they had good PPEs for the healthcare providers, thank you dr. Collins, following up on my interest in the whole issue of health health issues and the disparate impact on minorities, one of the things that I learned from the emergency task force that we had on mental health and youth super black youth suicide was that researchers, black researchers in particular, had not been having their research requests considered and they've been denied these requests for reasons having to do with them, not communicating clearly what it is that you're, looking at the implications of community outcomes or our collaborations, not necessarily recognizing the significance in our space. With regard to issues of that nature, one of the things that one of the Institute directors talked about was having more workshops having more input from black research isn't into what would be considered in whose grants and stuff would be considered. What are the things that we can do to ensure that researchers of this nature are getting an equal opportunity to do the research that's important for the disparities that exist in the minority communities? This is an issue that we are looking at with great seriousness, since it was documented a few years ago that, in fact, an african-american investigator who comes to NIH with their best and brightest ideas, has a lower chance of getting funded than other groups, and that's very disturbing to look at, and there were many hypotheses about what might be involved. I. Think we've not completely sorted out all the reasons, but we've discovered a number of them, and certainly part of this issue does relate to I. Think the fact that oftentimes African American investigators may not has been as a strong position to be able to put forward a grant application, because the lack of mentoring, the lack of opportunities to sort of be involved in networks, which may be a natural thing for others, but for minorities, not so much and we're working very hard on ways to do a better job of mentoring with something like the National mentoring research network. We also identified the fact that there are different areas of research where minorities tend to migrate in health disparities. Research is one of those and you can see why that is that's some often times a passion for somebody who gets into research who comes from an underrepresented group. They want to work on understanding why their communities are not being as well served, and yet it is clear that some of the research that goes on in that space doesn't fare as well in our peer review system, regardless of whether the applicant happens to be a minority or not so there's some action there that we need to take we're still trying to sort this out. There was a paper we published a few months ago about this, which got a fair amount of attention. We're continuing to do the analysis to see what else we're missing here. We are determined to sort this one out well, I'm glad I am both a co-founder of the Congressional Caucus on black women and girls and we're interested in those things that impact individuals, particularly because of the intersection of their gender and their race, and as well as the inter in what's happening with our children, the mental health disparities and things of that nature. Big issues in my community, so I. Thank you for the work that you're doing I look forward to the work that you'll be doing in the future. Thank you, I yield back. Thank you. We are going to do a kind of a third round here with three minutes. Three minutes each but I wanted to. Let you know, I've just been informed. I do not know what the dollar amounts are, but it would appear that the House and the Senate Congressman Cole have come to an agreement on the Supplemental right with the world, and so we obviously would just got that that notice, and so we will be that word will be getting out about dollar amounts, etc, etc, etc. So, again, yes, wonderful! This is where we need to go. I'm gonna. Do my rapid-fire piece here again, just this dr. Gibbons, a status update on NIH s, efforts on a commission on lymphatic diseases. Okay, NCI! You talked about lots of activity in the area. Dr. Sharples tell us a little bit about what's driving the interest in cancer research, because you have so many more I would love to know at some point. Maybe I'll just sit and talk with you about where we stand with ovarian cancer and finding a marker for ovarian cancer. Universal flu vaccine update dr. pouchy. If we could provide additional resources and in 2021 how quickly might we move to some success there and dr. Collins, the NIE HS in past emergencies? They have it's important training for workers, for healthcare workers, airports, correctional institutions, etc, just a quick overview of their work or training activities in recent public health emergencies, h1n1 flu, pan Demick d bola, and how could they support what we need to do for this current covered 19 outbreak, so status of the Commission on lymphatic right? Exactly so, you you hit on an important area and that's often debilitating disproportionately events affecting women in lymphedema. We have established a task force, and that is trans-nih that is focused in on this issue. Certainly it's one we're, but we spend the nhlbi over twenty million dollars a year in that space, along with again many other ICS contributing even more to that collective effort. One of the key areas that I might note in particular is part of the so atlas did dr. francis collins described in which we're able to get single-cell resolution characterization of many cells in the body. One of the key organs, if you will is the vatic system and so understanding that system, both in normal human health and development, as well as in response to injury and disease, is fundamental to really getting to better treatments. But we did encourage in the last and the Omnibus a National Commission on lymphatic disease, so we're going to pursue that with you NCI. What's driving this interest person I'd say it's a really good problem or anything these people coming with great ideas that sense. What try signs? Probably a lot of things, I think the the the National Cancer Center program plays some role. I think our low pay lines. Frankly, people just write more grants, but the main one I think the really inherent one is the exciting time in cancer research. This scientific progress I saw this at the FDA when, like 30 percent of the business in terms of new approvals and devices and drugs were cancer. Related products, I see this in big pharma. I see this in basic science there's just a lot of people who think they have good ideas for cancer, so I think that's the main one and I'd be happy to follow up with you on a very very in cancer. Still after all these years, we don't seem to have a marker and we know how many thousands of women die every year answer doctor foul a universal flu vaccines. Thank you very much. The committee for the Plus up on the universal flu vaccine we're making significant progress as I mentioned last time. The first inhuman phase, one trial for a universal flu vaccine for the group, one influenzas, which is a whole cluster of influenzas, went into clinical trial. It was successful, it showed to be safe and a child to be energetic. We will start very soon a phase one trial for the group to which is the other whole group of influenza, so we're really moving along very very quickly by the end of the summer, we'll be able to go into a phase 2 trial. That's going to be important because that's going to involve hundreds, if not a couple of thousands of people, and we will need the resources that you gave us to be able to do that phase two trial. Thank you. No I mean that you well that you're going to give us very quickly and IHS has played a critical role in training people who can deal with outbreaks. They've previously worked on Ebola they're, totally prepared to step in in this space to need some support for that, and basically it's airports. As you said, it's correctional facilities, it's hospitals. They both do train-the-trainer efforts. They do face to face. They run courses. You need some help with that. Can we be instrumental in pushing for I and I EHS and again I'm, engaged and involved in this in the training which is curious and looking in a supplemental and see whether there's a way that this can be factored into that because they were gonna need a lot of training for people who aren't quite prepared for this yeah. Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much, madam chair I want to follow up quickly. Actually, on the point you raised with dr. Sharples gonna have a little more information. We've got. Obviously explosion, as you pointed going on, for a variety of reasons. Are there are some things we should do so that we don't leave good science on the table just because right now, cancer seems to be a lane where there's a lot more happening than maybe some other areas, yeah I, think I. Think there are a you know. The the probably the main thing to realize about this problem is that is not a one-year problem that the you know it's like a mortgage. We pay these grants. They have four and five and in some cases, even six year, budget tails, and so when we invest in the RPG pool in this pool of grants today, which you know goes up, you know three five, eight percent every year at the NCI over the last, you know five to ten years, then that has out your costs. For us that are quite significant, and so you know that provides some hesitation on the part of the NCI to be good. Stewards of our you know. If we over invest today, we could have a real problem three years from now, if we're not smart about it. So you know this is real the realization that this problem is not going to be fixed, fixed this year next year, that we expect that we're gonna get these increased number of grants for a while, because there are people have a lot of really great ideas. So I think this. You know sustained commitment that you've provided for so many years is really what the doctor ordered for the NCI. Our presumable problem, yeah I, think that's important. I couldn't agree more dr. Collins, the Attorney General's raise some awareness of threats posed by foreign governments that obviously are particularly the People's Republic of China. You know, frankly, rating our science for interfering with our research. Can you tell us what your level of concern is on that some of the measures you might be taking to respond? We are quite concerned. I talked to Mike Lauer who's. The head of our extramural research division has spent probably two-thirds of his time now on this over the course of the past many months. First, let me say that we greatly depend upon in value foreign investigators, foreign-born investigators, who are part of our workforce, the vast majority of whom are honorable, hard-working incredible contributors, and one thing we have to be careful of is that, even as that, we've identified this as a serious issue that we don't extrapolate into anything that would look like a sort of racial profiling, which would be a really unfortunate unmerited and unforgivable kind of approach. At the same time, we have identified numerous examples, I'm, sorry to say of individuals who have been receiving substantial financial benefits from relationships with foreign countries. Yes often China without disclosing that, and it is a requirement that they do so. Likewise, we have instances where individuals have shared grant applications that were not even yet reviewed with colleagues and other con to give them some kind of an edge on developing some new invention. Obviously, that has consequences for intellectual property. We are very serious about identifying those circumstances. You have probably seen in the press some dramatic examples of individuals who have been found to be egregiously against the way that scientists should behave and have, as a consequence, lost jobs and, in some instances, been brought forward for various kinds of criminal prosecution. Again, I think most of the people that you might see in our work force are honorable, but we are determined. We are stewards of the public trust if there are instances that are not going the way they should, we will be following up on them at the moment. We have dozens of these investigations that are currently underway. We're working with the FBI on this and they've been good partners with us, and we will keep our eye on this and continue to see where the trouble is and then act upon it. I just want to convey command you for your vigilance here and frankly also for the even-handed attitude. There is a danger here that this could degenerate into a place weed. None of us would ever want it to go, and so thanks for for having the focus on the problem, but also thanks for remembering, as you say, most of the folks that are involved in these endeavors are honorable able and are serving humanity. So it's a tough problem and I think you've struck the right balance. Thank you. Madam chair I was with Frank oh well. First I just want to say I want to thank our chair and our ranking member and all our panelists. It is so refreshing and I think we're blessed to be able to have a bipartisan discussion on Health Research and very fortunate to have people of your caliber leading the way not connect anymore. Super marking questions I just note that I touch my face so many times today that I am I seriously I'm very worried about a social and economic impacts of the potential of this virus. That's really very frightening and I'm not going to get into with you guys so I'm going to ask you some different questions, specifically in Florida and I, also know in the nation that suicides are a big issue and also I I saw something that that it's a leading cause of maternal death is that right, that's suicide! No! Okay, I'm glad you say no, but what I want to just combine these questions because I'm curious not only about suicide research but also postpartum, depression, research, I'll quickly start with suicide and then ask dr. Bianchi about postpartum, because that fits with our maternal mortality topic. Certainly, suicides increasing in many different communities and demographic areas are of deep concern and there are many Diagnostics about why that might be going on. That relates to people's sense of isolation, which is clearly a growing problem in this. In this nation, we at NIH are aiming to do everything we can to identify the factors and particularly the predictors of who is at risk and what the interventions might be, and there's certainly some of those such as trying to make sure that people don't have access to lethal force. For that moment, where somebody makes a sudden decision to end their life- and it's often a rather sudden decision, I will say also in terms of treating the clinical depression that often undergirds this. There is a major development. That's happened, which is the development of this drug called ketamine, which has this remarkable phenomenon in many people, who've had chronic clinical depression and not responded to anything else after an intravenous infusion having an almost within an hour lifting of the clouds that is now being tried in people who are acutely suicidal and starting to look pretty promising in that space. If you can catch somebody before they take the drastic action and lift them out of what seems to be a hopeless circumstance, so that's one bright spot and what is clearly a very tough problem, yeah, so ni CHD is funding research that it currently is looking at postpartum women who potentially at risk for suicide. So the difficulty with the postpartum situation is some of these women have no prior history of mental health problems. So how do you again? It's this rare issue where how do you know if someone is going to be at risk, so we're funding an investigator who is actually looking and taking a machine-learning approach through the electronic health record to begin to identify certain clues in the record? But the other issue is a lot of pregnant. Women are depressed and they're taking antidepressants during pregnancy. So we need to know: are these drugs safe to take during pregnancy and lactation and there's an area where I'm concerned, because women who are at risk are not taking their medicines because they think it's better for the baby, and so we are doing research to show what is safe and what isn't safe, and we have a study called the cuddle study where women taking these medicines are donating, their breast milk, so that we can see what is actually in the breast milk. Thank you very much. Thank you. Children um dr. Sharples, I'd, like to talk to you about endometrial cancer, I'd like to I, know that their cancers have shown a lot of improvements and a number of deaths over the time. The National, Cancer, Institute, surveillance, epidemiology and End results program shows a worsening survival rate from endometrial cancer, from like four 1996 to 2016, and the incidence rate for black women surpassed that of white woman and she said 2007 and continues to increase. To this day. The incidence of the more aggressive type 2 cancers is dramatically higher for black women than for white women. I'm wondering what your plan is what's happening in that and in that field, and what are you planning in terms of funding clinical trials and trying to come up with specific therapies that address this? These disparities sure thank you for the question and I think you are equally concerned by the statistics you mentioned. This is a cancer which is increasing in mortality. United States, as I mentioned, most cancers are actually declining in more a few they're, actually showing an increased mortality or particularly of concern is it. Why is that happening? We think an endometrial cancer and a few other cancers it may be partially related to obesity. Is you know the obesity epidemic? Obesity is associated, we mention enemies for cancer, but we don't think that's the entire explanation. The basis for the disparity is an area of active research between african-american women and and other other populations. You know this is a problem across many cancers, including an immature cancer. Generally, our findings have been that they are in part. These. You know social determinants of health, these access to care, these sorts of things, and partly often driven by Bala biology and some combination thereof. And so we have funded efforts in in a material cancer and other gynecological is a specifically address that question. We have a Spore and endometrial cancer of the gynecologic malignancies, which is a center of research, excellence, we're funding, and but you know, an area where we are devoting a lot of focus because of you worrisome statistics. You mentioned the ranking member for any final comments before we conclude. Thank you very much, madam chairman. This is uh, always I. Think, like many members, it's always my favorite earring of the year and I think, because we all marvel that your abilities and your the work that you're doing and your about and what your colleagues are doing and- and we all see the good and these investments- and we all feel as if you've been really good stewards of the money that the Congress has chosen to put at your disposal and we all think the American people and, frankly, all of humanity, have benefited enormously as a result of those investments. I'm proud of this subcommittee, I'm, proud of my chairman who's, been my partner in this for years. I'm, proud of our colleagues on the other side of the Rotunda who have worked with us for years and I think it is absolutely critical. Madam chairman, if that continue now I'd be the first to say and I know, my chairman knows this better than I do this is going to be a very tough year. We have a two-year budget agreement, it's essentially flat funding and if you look at some of the requirements and a couple of the other departments that they're gonna take money, we know veterans, I'm thinking of, in particular my friend, the chairman and her counterpart. My friend chairman blunt, are going to be confronted with really tough decisions. I've had this discussion with many years so many years with dr. Collins I usually use the phrase. You know we're in another one of those years where we're robbing Peter to pay Paul, fortunately you're Paul and somebody else is going to have to be the Peter. And then it's not your job to make those decisions. It's the job of this committee, and then my friend, the chairman and I, have commiserated with this over this many years, because there's lots of wonderful things in this bill lots of things. We agree on lots of things that are national priorities, but I think this committee has made the right decision over the last five years in a bipartisan sense. By probably making you the top priority in the bill every single year and I, don't think. That's ever been more dramatically demonstrated than right now. You know how many questions that we have on coronavirus and yet there'll be another coronavirus out there and I thought one of the most telling answers of the hearing, or you know when dr. Collins made the point that these past investments have put us in a stronger position to deal with these current challenges and I thought. Mr. Sharples made an excellent point at dr. Sharples as well. When we talked about the extraordinary opportunities we have in a particular area right now and those opportunities come and you have to use the resources you have to take advantage of those openings, and you also have to make commitments that sustain themselves. Over years, I mean the committee has to think in terms again always of cumulative and incremental, whether it's investment in your fiscal infrastructure or it's just thoughts about projects that clearly take multi years to come to fruition and we've got to make sure the revenue stream is there and available so again, I just I, thank all of you for the work. I think this committee, you know on a bipartisan basis, for its sustained commitment here and I. Think, madam chairman, the wisdom of that has been borne out and I hope. We can continue that I know if it was up to you and me I know it would be continued and you know we're pretty persuasive with our colleagues sometimes do we really make a pretty good team here and in dealing with our friends across the Rotunda who fortunately have approached this with the same mindset that we have for many many years to come so hopefully we can continue this because I think it will. It will frankly render enormous benefits to the American people and that's what all of us came here to do that yield back. Madam chairman, thank you very, very much and through my dear friend and colleague, and if I might add co-conspirator and what we do and in this in the subcommittee, and indeed this is always an extraordinary eye hearing and it's it's it's it's a revelation. I. You know we have a doctor on our committee and dr. Harris, but as far as I know, the rest of us are not scientists. We are not doctors. Well, yes, you're right, you're, a political science doctor here so, but what we are about is trying to grapple with issues about which we spend time studying and learning so that we can try to do the right thing. You do every day in your life focus on a mission of which there is no nobler cause or highest commitment, which is, is to save lives, and we get to work in cooperation with you to make sure that we push the edge of that envelope. You do we need to do that with the resources that we provide you to do your work. I would just say this to to my colleague that, yes, you are Paul, but I always have, and you've heard me say this before: I have to worry about Peter as well and and looking at that, but I think you know where are hearts and our commitments are to make sure we go down. The road I would just say one other thing. You know this is a committee and working together which does not deal with gotcha. We are not sitting here to try to stump you to make a political comment. We are here to try to get the best information and the best advice so that we can respond and when some of the questions are hard and they're tough, it is not for political purposes, but it is to look at our stewardship of public dollars and where those public dollars are going, and we are so trustful of you with being good stewards of the public dollar, and we can sell that both my colleague and I to other members of this subcommittee, as well as a committee, the committees across the aisle with our Senate colleagues I'm, going to end on a humorous note. I'm gonna have to stop hugging people talk and I just want to make sure that dr. Collins that people can afford ketamine. Okay, that's another issue that we can just thank you. The hearing is concluded. Thank you all very.