So globally, as of 8 a.m. this morning, there have been 17 thousand 392 cases reported of the novel coronavirus of which 17,000 205 were in China. There have been a total of three hundred and sixty-two deaths. One was in a Chinese national who was in the Philippines at the time, 142 cases in Asia and Oceania five in the Middle East 25 in Europe 11 in the United States and four in Canada, three of which are on Ontario, as you know, so in terms of the cases in Ontario or the investigations. As of the 10:00 this morning, 108 tests have been conducted of them. As you know, three are positive. Two in Toronto, one in London, Middlesex 76, are negative. We have three presumptive negatives and 26, which have results pending, be clear. In order to even get to the airport, you have to be screened in order to get inside the airport. You have to be screened by Chinese authorities in order to get on the plane. You have to be screened, so there's a number of screens taking place before you can get on the plane and then you're monitored throughout the flight and then, as soon as you get off, you're screened again and any with symptoms and during that time will be seen through our normal quarantine process, etc, etc. So this is more rigorous than people in past flights from from Wuhan or indirectly undertake on that. But that's the extra precautions that were undertaking at this time and you've heard that they're planning, at least the federal authorities, announced that they're going to have them remain at the point of entry for a 14-day period, we're trying to get the details of how that's going to be worked out. What does that mean? Because remember these individuals are not only from Ontario they're from various places in the country and number things actually worked out: information material, wider health information, healthcare coverage, all those college istic that we really don't know right now take some time to get all that put together to understand the unique challenge and issues that they may want to be dealt with, because there may be other health issues. Other personal issues, other mental health issues that maybe we have to deal with, and we want to make sure the care is comprehensive and empathetic and sensitive to that and it's respecting privacy. So how that's going to be all worked out? What kind of support services working with our federal authorities, because it is a federal military base and so there's jurisdictional responsibilities, making sure there's partnership between the federal government, the province and then, of course, is going to have to be with the other provinces. If and then that time, when there is movement back into the respective jurisdictions, meeting all standards and guidelines that we're trying to work through myself, with our chief Public Health Officer of Canada, to our special advisory committee, which has fellow chief, medical and health on it, so that there's consistency throughout the whole response. The vast the vast majority of persons under investigation meet the case definition, which has said that they'd have to have been in who, by province within the past 14 days and have feasor and/or cough. There are a small number, as dr. Williams indicated, who came from other parts of China and have symptoms and the clinician, the physician taking care of the patient felt there was concern and wanted. The corn grown a testing done in consultation with the lab, there's that there could be those other we're trying to get finalized with those other people that were contacts of a case. That's won on the flight and we know they've all been followed and whether any immense ample or not we so far, anyone has been sampled has been negative, but I want to make sure. That's. We've got all that closed off there, but some are just being monitored at this time because it still remained to be the still remain asymptomatic as far as we know, or any other currently under investigation still part of that original plane, the one with the case on it. The first case, all we know, is that we've been reassured that the ones in the area around that are concerning have our we're, notified, fall and are being followed, and anyone who had any concerns they would be tested, but so far we have had no issues raised by local public health departments that are falling along with these individuals at this time, um the last the last time you give an update. You were talking about that period there, where someone can have a very low level of virus in their system, but not be fully clear, and it's at that point. It was unclear as to whether or not the virus could fully be clear out of the system. Do you have any more information on that and what that period is well. That's when we're posing to our lab people and our scientists I know dr. Yaffe will be taking place. Part of the special Advisory Committee of the of the chief mental health and and the whole network has a technical advisory committee. That's gonna have their first mean today. That's scientists across the country to look at questions like that when you have a positive test, how long does it stay positive when it's negative? The two negatives were assured that if you have two negatives and beyond 24 hours apart does that mean you're totally cleared and, as you heard in the London case, where they found a weakly positive on the more advanced testing, there's a sense that viral law is extremely low and but then do we know what the viral load is as compared to presence of pieces of RNA from residual or damaged virus that has no virulence or no infectivity. So that's that PCR just picks up pieces of RNA and they may be from the living virus or they may be from dead viruses. So how do you equate that into infectivity versus that? And these are questions we're trying to ask our scientists and to say: can you deliberate that and come up with answers? We know that extremely low, and especially after 14 days, it's not a problem and when you have too repetitive negatives, especially with what dr. Allen said on Friday, even at pH, well with their more sophisticated tests, we're pretty strong that a negative is definitely a negative. It's these other ones that may be in the gray zone. If we find one like London again, what do we do that and can we be definitively definitive on our assessment? Are they effective or not effective at that stage? So that's more of an unusual case and we're trying to get those answers from our scientists and that's something doctor yeah I'm just going to have to address with the Technical Advisory Committee of our National Committee. On that basis,.