Slow, the spread of the virus to a rate that the health care system can manage. You are not going to stop people from being infected. There are all sorts of percentages about what percent of the population will be affected. 40%, 50% 60%. You will not be able to control that nobody thinks you can, but you can make efforts to slow the spread, because the real question here is: can your health care system manage the influx of patients? That's all. This is about and China South Korea Italy. It's the same lesson over and over and over again you get into trouble when the health care system can't manage that rate of intake so try to slow the spread, so it equals your capacity in the health care system. What do you do to slow the spread test test test test? We've made great progress on testing the president's agreement to allow New York State to do its own testing is very important. We need more federal assistance in allowing what's called automated testing, which the FDA still controls. Roche is a company that does automated testing. The president made announced an announcement with them, but it can't just be a couple of companies for the United States of America doing automated testing. We need more automated testing. What does that mean automated testing manual? You put the test tube in the Machine. Automated everything is robotics. It goes from 30 tests per day to 1,000 tests per day for a laboratory that can go from manual to automated. So that is a tremendous difference and we need more help on that. How else do you slow the spread density control? This court seating arrangement that we have here today reflects two things number one that the LCA doesn't work on. The Sundays number two spacing out the seating, reduce the density so reduce the density. The best you can. Those are both slow, the spread strategies. Okay, what does it mean to slow the spread? This is doctor foul Qi, great New Yorker. By the way you see everyone in Washington, looking at the charts of the curve, the curve flatten the curve flatten the curve reduce the rate. So the high point of cases is reduced, so it can be managed by the health care system. That's what they're talking about flatten the curve flatten the curve. Why do you want to flatten the curve? Because the curve is not a curve? The curve is a wave and the wave could break on the hospital system. That's what they're talking about when they're talking about the curve. If you have too high a number of people sick at the same time when they descend on the hospital system, you will overwhelm the hospital system. That's the issue here. It has always been the issue here overwhelming the capacity of the hospital system and that my friends is important. You know we spent you listen to the cable news all day. Well, why didn't we start testing earlier? Why were we more prepared? That's all about yesterday, right, that's all recriminations, that's blame! We should have done this. We should have done that. We should have done this I'm. A governor I am here today, I'm focused on what I need today to prepare for tomorrow and that's what everybody should be focused on. You want to do a retrospective on who should have done what, when and who's the blame, put a pin in pin in it and do it afterwards, let's be constructive, which is focusing on today and tomorrow, there's an old military expression that management officials use don't fight the last war. This is not about what happened yesterday. We are looking at a new war that no one has seen before. This is a case of first impression for this nation. We have never fought a virus like this. With this potential consequence so plan forward plan forward, you see that wave try to reduce the size of the wave assume you can't reduce the size of the wave and assume the wave breaks at a higher level than the hospital system can accommodate I. Believe that's! What's going to happen, so what do you do? New, York, State, Hospital capacity, 53,000 beds, three thousand ICU beds- is that a lot of beds is that little beds, three thousand ICU beds presently about 80 percent occupied okay. So that means you have several hundred ICU beds available. Why are the ICU beds of a are important because the people who come in vulnerable populations, older people underlying illnesses, respiratory problems? They need the ICU bed, they need the ventilators, they need the machines that breathe for them. Those are the ventilators they are in ICU beds. The overwhelming crush is going to be on the ICU beds, not the 53,000 normal hospital beds, because those are basically going to be people recovering from the flu you can recover from the flu at home. If it's really bad, you go into the hospital. They make sure that you are not dehydrated, but the critical people are the people who had underlying illnesses and need those ICU beds and those ventilators 3000 goes very very quickly on any projection of these numbers. She reopens schools, closed schools, a number of schools have closed, we've added Jim mellitus, you all remember, Jim mellitus. He used to work here. He then semi-retired went to academia, he doesn't consider it semi retirement, but I like to perk him that way close the schools. It's not that easy! It's not that simple, close the schools. For many families. The school is childcare. If the student, if they you close, the schools and the children are home, a large percentage of the workforce may say: I have to stay home and take care of my children. There are school districts that are in wealthier parts of the state where the family is in a position where one parent stays home or where they can hire a caregiver to stay at home. But then there's everybody else right, I'm from Queens, Queens, New, York I, grew up in a very working-class neighborhood there. Most families don't have a caregiver at home. If the children stay home, one of the parents have to stay home. If there's only one parent in the that parent has to stay home yeah, but we have essential workers who need to go to work, police people, fire officers, health care workers again because we said this is all about the capacity of the healthcare system. We can't have 1199 healthcare workers not coming to work because they have to stay home. We can't have nurses staying home because they have to stay home and watch their child. So it sounds simple. It's not simple! You close the school! How do you feed the children for many children, the breakfast and the lunch are the two main meals they get and they get that at the school. How do you distribute food to all these children who are now not in school? So those are very real concerns. If you can address those concerns address the negatives of closing the schools, then yes close the schools. Why? Because it's totally in line with our density reduction, etc. These concerns can be addressed and it's up to the locality to come up with a plan to do it, we're speaking to Nassau Suffolk and Westchester County Executive Laura, Curran, County, Executive steeple on Suffolk County, Executive, George Latimer in in Westchester they're interested in closing schools. We said closing schools. If you can, you can reduce the negative child care, etc. Student meals, then I think it's a good strategy, but we have to address those two negatives. The worst negative is. If we lose essential workers, police officers say I can't come to work, firefighters, say: I can't come to work, public transportation operators say I can't come to work and most dramatic impact hospital workers because remember the hospital workers there will be hospital workers who get sick. That's going to happen that will reduce staffing in hospitals. That has to be factored in because you know that's going to happen so, given that you want to make sure you're not artificially making that problem worse, Jamal RS is going to be working with these counties to try to put together these situations. That would take care of the the negative consequences of closing schools, which would then facilitate the closing of schools.