Good morning, I'm Brent rusyn, Manitoba's, chief provincial public health officer, an additional probable case of kovat 19, has been identified. The newest probable positive case is a man in his 50s who lives in Winnipeg. At this time. The public health investigation indicates that this case is related to travel. In addition, another case initially described as probable, has been ruled out and will be removed from the from the list. This means our total lab, confirmed, positive and profitable and probable. Positive cases in Manitoba remains at 20. At this time today, I'm strongly advising all Manitobans, including healthcare providers, to cancel or postpone any non-essential travel outside of Manitoba. This travel advice is - regarding international travel as well as travel within Canada, in keeping with our social distancing strategies. Now is not the time for essential travel in addition, effective today and going forward, public health officials are recommending that anyone who returns from travel, including domestic travel, should self isolate and self monitor for symptoms for 14 days after their return. This recommendation regarding interprofessional, inter preventional provincial travel, does not include the the commercial transportation of goods or services workers, including healthcare workers who may live in neighboring jurisdictions who travel to or from Manitoba for work or normal personal travel in border communities for essential shopping or visits to the cottages. Again reiterate that now is not the time for non-essential travel outside of Manitoba. If any returning traveler develops symptoms within the 14-day period, they're advised to call health links for assessment of the need for testing. We know that the vast majority of cases in Canada, and certainly all of our cases in Manitoba, are related to travel. This is why it's essential that Manitobans, who are returning from any travel self isolate for 14 days, I, want to make it clear that this is not just a suggestion. We have this in place because the risk to Manitobans is real, since all of our cases so far have been imported from travel. We are appealing to people Civic, Duty's and public health advice to follow these self-isolation guidelines. However, the Public Health Act allows us to issue orders. If we find people are not following our advice and putting the risk of Manitobans at at risk, my omens reminded that public health orders remain in effect. At this time, the public health orders apply to public spaces, not to workplaces. At this time, however, workplaces have been advised to still implement social distancing strategies to reduce the impact of Cova, 19 or Matoba. So school is out, but I need to remind Manitobans to continue practicing social distancing. This means staying at home as much as possible do not arrange in person playdates with other families, practice responsible social distancing from others. This includes not being in close contact to others. Even outdoors going for a walk and around the block is ok. Visiting a park is ok but not crowded venues at even outdoors. We need to do what we can to ensure we're all socially distancing at this point. Certainly, socially distancing does not mean social isolation, ensure we're staying connected with our loved ones, especially those at risk. We want to ensure during these difficult times we remain connected to the people we love Manitobans are reminded to practice. The three P's protect yourself, protect our loved ones and protect your community to protect ourselves, washing our hands, frequently avoiding touching our face, cancel or postpone your travel and certainly don't attend any large events. Protecting your loved ones include coughing into your sleeve sneezing into your sleeve, avoiding large cry and disinfecting services regularly. How we can protect our community is to practice social distancing stay at home when you're ill stay at home, when you can, for the most part, cancel events and use reliable sources of information. We know we are not helpless against this virus. We have many measures put in place now. Manitobans are well aware of the rules that they can play and many men and tobin's we see are implementing these strategies and doing their part to reduce the impact of kovat 19 on our province. I would note for the media that we are committed to full and open disclosure about cases and the progression of the virus. We are moving to a one-a-day format for our news bulletins. We've heard that the multiple bulletins released the day causes some anxiety. The schedules of getting the test results back from the lab, don't always fit with those timelines, so we'll be reporting new cases daily going forward, and thank you at this time of passive to Lynette. Thank you. So I would like to begin today by thanking Tim Horton's, who has been delivering coffee and snacks to our testing sites throughout Winnipeg for the past several days this week. This morning, sorry, they were at Mount, Carmel clinic as well as access, Winnipeg, West and I understand they'll be going to other service other testing sites in the days ahead. We know the staff at the testing sites across the province have been working incredibly hard, trying to make sure the wait times are short and social distancing measures are in effect, so we appreciate the work that they are doing at the site and also just a special thank you to Tim Hortons for showing their appreciation and putting a smile on the face of these hard workers. Just a report on some of the stats from our operations so healthlinks received nearly 2,400 calls. Yesterday the average wait times continued to decrease and yesterday was 33 minutes. Our online self-assessment tool received about 35,000 views yesterday and overall 2,400 no wrong 240,000 views, since it launched on Tuesday. The French version has also been very popular and received nearly 900 views online community sites. 436 people visited the community testing sites across the province yesterday, so that brings our total of 4,100 visits since they opened on March 12th. Additional locations across the province are expected to open this week, including an inter Lake, eastern and southern health. Please remember that these are not walk-in clinics. People need to receive a referral prior to going to these sites, and not everyone who is screened will need to be tested. Manitobans are asked to call health links to receive instructions as to whether they require testing and where to go. Remember only those Manitobans with respiratory symptoms and travel of history. History of travel need to be seen at the screening sites, as well as, if they've been in large events like conferences or cruises, or flights. All other Manitobans are asked to stay home if they are ill. A few updates for home care, so homecare workers are being asked to screen clients in advance of home and community visits, so they will be asking similar screening questions in terms of if people are feeling ill if they have a history of travel, and this move is part of our continuing efforts to reduce the spread of Cova 19 and ensure that both our providers and our patients remain safe. Wherever possible, home care workers will screen the clients over the phone in advance of any normal appointments, but they may also do these screening questions in person prior to entering a client's home, provided that appropriate social distancing is in place. Screening will identify if there's any potential exposure to covet 19 within the household. It will also identify whether service can safely be postponed or offered in another way, such as over the phone or virtually. If visits must occur in person as scheduled home care, workers will be expected to wear their personal protective equipment and follow proper hand. Hygiene protocols I also just wanted to give you update on our blood supply. In the last week, Manitobans have gone and donated and we are in a much better position this week than we were last week. So, thanks to all of you who who took the time to donate the one area where we still could use, some more supply is for those of you who have owned egative blood. If you have o-negative blood, please donate and finally, I just want to tell you a story that came to my inbox yesterday and I loved it. So at the port Geary testing site, the MPI baizen Drive location. Over the weekend there was a woman who had just returned from traveling internationally and she stopped in to get herself tested, probably wasn't feeling well either and along the way. The staff realized that it was her birthday that day so once they finished her swab, the entire staff broke out in song and sang happy birthday to her, and, although she probably didn't want to be in the testing site for her birthday, I thought this was a great gesture on the part of the staff to brighten her day and and have some team camaraderie. So it's a great reminder that we should continue to be kind to one another, even in these times of stress and uncertainty, and so thank you to Jillian and all the people at MPI testing site, so I guess we'll open it up to questions I, don't know where they're coming from. Thank you a portion of our greetings. Thank you very much to Annette. I would now like to ask to ask one question and a follow-up question and to please introduce yourself, as we move forward we'll begin today with Canadian Press, reporter Kelly Malone hi, the Canadian crest. So there's a lot of talk across the country about expanding testing and removing some of the regulations so that it's not just connected to international travel. Are there any plans in Manitoba? We we do have those those plans, certainly from the the beginning of our response to this. We know that testing is is very important and so we're looking at ways to increase our capacity, we're looking at ways to broaden our testing parameters. So right now we are are still focused on those that are highest risk. Those returning from international travel, those with symptoms of aspire to our illness, we've added certain people who are critically ill will be testing as well, regardless of traveling for right now. Those are our testing guidelines, but we are looking and have plans in place to expand, as as our capacity permits, you know, we have the cases in the country that that's just because we're not testing to the level that we should be I can speak to the the concern that we're not testing as we should be and that there's there's risk in the community. I can tell you from an acute care perspective. When we look at the emergency visit volumes. When we look at the bed capacity in medicine and critical care, we are at low volumes right now low occupancy, which tells us that not that we shouldn't stop. We should continue to be vigilant, but it's we're not seeing in our hospitals at this time, so the they have been certainly prioritizing certain groups of tests, those health care workers, those who are critically ill, those in hospital, as well as those from a long-term care facility and and First Nations. Those are being prioritized they. They do have a over the last few days, a backlog which they are moving towards and were up and hopefully up and running at full capacity. Early this week, that's changing by by the you know, each run that they go so I, don't I, don't know the specific numbers right at the second. What can we say to allay the fears of people who are talking about this? They want to know why they're not tested and there's different reports of not report. But people are saying you know I'm a nurse I haven't gotten tested symptoms. What is the message to people who are wrestling with that questions? Well, so the messages that capacity is increasing capacity. We have been doing a lot of testing we're over 4,300 tests. As since the beginning of this, we've had days where we're testing over 400 over 500 samples in a given day, and that capacity is coming up back up, and so, if we look at is it likely that we have 500 symptomatic return travelers per day in Manitoba I? Think that's a quite a high number, so we are testing a lot of individuals and we're gonna continue to try to expand that we have plans in place on what priority groups would would we expand to next. But testing is not the only method of surveillance we have like Lynette was discussing. We have syndromic surveillance, we have low ICU demands right now, lower demands and hospital beds lower attendance at ER for for respiratory illness. We follow all of these as well. In addition, our social distancing strategies are are really part of the the wide strategy. Testing is only one component of a strategy. Testing alone would not help us against kovat 19. We need all of our strategies working together and social distancing, again staying home when you're ill. If, if you are not tested for kovat 19 but you're sick stay home until you're better, so we're not going to be spreading viruses that way either for people that are requiring gaming systems for care, are they considered essential workers and do they qualify for child care under the regulations right now or with doctors and nurses? There are some things that are done in home care that are not essential services, but the work of the people. They are essential workers. So we are looking at this point in at identifying if we had to decrease visits because of a Kovan outbreak or because of a staffing issue. What kind of things would we absolutely must continue to deliver in terms of health care services? So, yes, they would be included, but we are considering still if we do have to reduce what would those be so and it would depend on the individual person and what their needs are. Kiba's BBQ, the CBC here. Can you please be more specific about the nature of the backlog in terms of? Is it the PCR machine capacity? Is it the ability, your stockpile of reagents? Isn't your staff technician pool please go into? Specifics was what is holding it up and what needs to be done to get the maximum capacity out of that Kadim lab right now. The major roadblock is the reagent, and that is worldwide. That's in all jurisdictions having difficulties obtaining that reagent Kadim lab has been working at actually being able to produce their own, which is why they're now getting out of this backlog and getting back up to full capacity this week, all right and are you looking at expanding past or outside of PCR as a method of testing some other jurisdictions are using other forms of DNA testing or protein testing. Forgive me lack of technical knowledge. What are you looking at beyond EPR right now? Pcr is the is a diagnostic method of choice. There are different examples of testing coming out now, but most of them will be using molecular samples certain rapid testing, as has been approved in in United States by the FDA, but again that won't be to market for for quite some time so we're the lab are continuously looking for appropriate ways to to test for this looking at ways to expand testing, and so we will leave them on that to to update us if there's any emerging ways to test Patrick. Are you there? Let's move Ari yeah? What's on mute, sorry about that, I think Foucault radio-canada! Alright, we've yeah we've heard a few people telling us that their their clinics, so regular clinics for everyday medical issues are closing their doors. Are you aware of that situation? Is that been sort of a trend in the problem that is not from direction from this table? I would say so I think it's individual providers, if that's what you're referring to they would be making the decision for their office practice there. Would there be? Would there be any solution for these people? If their clinics are closed, I know I, know it's I. Guess it's individual decisions for for the clinics, but if they're, what what can you? What can you tell to these people who are concerned? Other clinics are going to be closed, yeah so well, I'm, not sure about the clinics. We can look more into that in terms of the community services, like some of the rehab services and the day, activities that were provided by the system. They were looking at options to do virtually or at least have maybe smaller groups so that the social distancing could happen. So that's that's some of the strategies we've asked them to look into in terms of the private clinical provider. I don't have those details, but we can maybe see what we can find out in terms of what services have been decreased. Oh, if I could just also say, though, if patients aren't sure if they need services and they're not sure where to go, they should be encouraged to call health links, and we can. We can sort out some of the issues and provide some direction, clarification who is enforcing the state of emergency rule, so who's gonna be going out into the community enforcing these, and where do people call if they see something that they think might not be following these rules, an open and closed rule right so right now it's the health inspectors that are largely being proactive, reaching out to those affected businesses and those affected by the orders to encourage compliance to assist with with advice on how they could comply, and so they there will be more communications out to the public on which pathway they could connect. Should they have any any specific concerns. Okay and then large offices that have more than 50 people working in them, so the the public health order right now applies to public spaces, not to workplaces, so the order itself is not being applied to workplaces, but the the strong recommendation now well over a week old is that everyone should be practicing social distancing. So, although there may not be an order right now in place, we are expecting all Manitobans to to know their role on how they can help with social distancing strategies. So employers we mentioned a number of times, ensuring sick workers are able to stay home without a burden. We don't want sick workers coming to already burdened health care systems for sick notes. We want to ensure that there's a easy way that people who have been identified for the need to self isolate can self isolate. You know otherwise, then they'll be coming to work when they should be self isolating frequent, hand-washing, finding ways to even know there might be more than 50 people in a workplace. Finding ways to encourage social distancing allow some workers to perhaps work from home possible. So all of these that's going to apply differently in different situations, but we are fully expecting all Manitobans to do their part in helping us reduce the impact here. Thank You Michele next up is Google Winnipeg's, Monty, Blount Global News right. So this is again related to to a response to the pandemic. We want to ensure that we have adequate supplies of essential medications. We wanted to avoid an instance where there was you know hoarding of medications all at once. There is no need for fear panic. We want people to be prepared for that isolation period if they should self isolate for two weeks or maybe need to be at home if they're ill for a couple weeks, but there's no need to to stockpile goods, there's no need to stockpile medications, and so we initiated that to to alleviate the possibility of a of a shortage of essential medications. So these are all things that are considered and just with with many of our orders or recommendations, there are consequences and in other aspects, so right now we moved that it was important to ensure a stable supply of these medications, but we're reviewing all of the all of the effects that it's that it has and will we're constantly reviewing our policies and we'll keep that all in mind. Thank you. Money, teacher abuse, bang, a foxhole hi there, Guyana Bob call from 680 C gob, just a quick question on transit enforcing social distancing on transit seems a little bit difficult. How is that being done and how is it being enforced so right now the public health orders are for transportation facilities, so stations are the such so they don't apply specifically to public transit. However, having the social distancing strategies in place now for a while, we see that much of that is taking care of itself, there's less people on the bus and and we're not seeing that that crowding there we will. If we do see it continuing to be an issue, then then we would work with our partners at the municipalities to see how we could enforce that, but most of the strategies are in place and we're not seeing that that crowding, okay and then on another note, we've been hearing that some people can kind of have salons, maybe in their home, are still open, of course, that doesn't think, and it's consistent with the social distancing recommendations. What are what is your reaction to someone who may be a private hairdresser at home continuing to operate, and would there be any measures taken? You kind of clamp down on that kind of thing, so we're constantly reviewing our policies comparing to other regions, looking at the the transmission dynamics in Canada and other places, so we'll be updating our recommendations. Frequently. With these these type of issues, we haven't had orders that directly apply in that circumstance. Right now, that certainly could change, but social distancing strategies are are multiple and there are multiple levels. So certainly the recommendations for people in similar circumstances would be not to attend anyone who is showing symptoms of respiratory illness not to attend anyone who should be self isolating frequent hand-washing, ensuring social separation between between other patrons and just ensuring good hand. Hygiene are pretty good protective measures right now, but, like I say our our orders are likely to to expand as the as we see more and more transmission around us in the nation. Yes, this is a drew it's Brandon, son I know. Last week, two provinces spend it all non-essential surgeries, but what's the procedure for non-essential diagnostics like an MRI or an x-ray yeah? That's a really good question. We're actually just working through that protocol now and I should be able to give you more details on that in the next day or two follow-up, but with those is there concern that people going in or a non-essential diagnose procedure could be coming in with an illness or ways to cope with 19 possible. That's a good question. People should be screening at the door. That is one option in the hospitals in the facilities and then also asking people just to be aware of. Have you traveled? Are you feeling sick? Should you be out and about so maybe talking to your physician or calling healthlinks for what do you do if you're feeling this and you're scheduled for a test? Well, we continually review this, certainly in remote, isolated areas where you know really concern about higher risk individuals going there so who are who are requiring to self isolates. Certainly in remote areas were extra cautious from that, but we have no plans right now to to limit interprovincial traveler, intra provincial travel right now, we've been working collaboratively with a lot of First Nation groups and and leaders, and so the the actual testing sites you know I mentioned is the the testing for kovat. 19 is not a new test in any way, they're way to collect it, though First Nations test for influenza every year, and so it's the exact same collection, exact same process of collecting for that, and so they can just submit samples just in that same manner, same materials, same collection technique and just send it to the lab so we're not necessarily going to be notified of who does that we'll just be running the samples should they arrive at our lab? Appreciate it, let's head back to the top of the list now for any follow-up question from Canadian Press Kelly Malone Kelly. Are you still there? Do you another question? Yes, I can I actually just get the updated numbers a bit of clarification on how many are confirmed and how many are presumptive the as far as the as the confirmed goes, I believe we are at at 14 confirmed and six probable. Thank you. That's all my question. Thank You Kelly back to you, Larry Cushman, the big free press to go back to what's happening at Kadim provincial lab. Often together, number of attempts done I've been tears, account for Sunday. Could somebody tell me that comes first Sunday, and also could you also in his layman's languages? You can repeat both you say about what was holding up so I, don't think I received the the number of tests ran at on Sunday at Kadim. We're trying to consolidate that testing and reported out a couple times a week. The as far as what's holding it up is is just the is the reagent so where they, the swab, the material that's collected on the swab, is extracted and put into this reagent. That allows for the multiplication of the of the genetic material of the of the of the bug and and that's the the process, and it keeps replicating it and replicating it until it's finally detected, and so the reagent is, is one of the requirements for for running that test, and so the I don't know the the exact makeup of that reagent there's a very technical, but that's what's the essentially worldwide demand on that and every lab is facing some demand. Issues with that and and Kadim has been able to produce some of its own, which has gotten us this far supply yeah, I I, don't know all the components of the of the reagent alaria, it's the it's the they refer to it as the reagent, so I, don't know if it's if it comes all premade or or or what exactly is in in that Thank You Larry probable case is when that tests positive at Kadim provincial lab, but has not yet been confirmed at the National microbial lab. Thank you. Thank you. Larry the CBC's Bartlett Evil's Brent, dr. Grusin, pardon me Jason Kendra Chuck at the University Manitoba as conservatively that social distancing measures will likely be in place for two to three months conservatively in their mind, notwithstanding the provincial order. How long do you think some social distancing measures are going to have to be in place in Manitoba, so it's difficult to predict, but the if we look at other jurisdictions. If we look at previous evidence on how long these factors have to be in place to make a substantial difference and also taking in consideration it's it's unlikely. We're going to have a pharmaceutical intervention in in the near future, then we're looking at multiple weeks for sure you define what you mean by multiple week. 350, no note! No one can predict that anyone who says they know the number is is guessing, so we will need to follow it, follow the dynamics where our thoughts were to get way out of head of it and really flatten that curve, so that perhaps there will be ways to to loosen some of these social distancing strategies, but we we need to think of multiple multiple weeks for this Thank You Patrick. Yes, that's right! That would be it's not related to the mode of transport. The only restrictions are those people who come in to and from Manitoba for work purposes, those who visit neighboring, neighboring communities for for leisure, for shopping and in certain essential workers, including health care providers. So the method of travel is not really what's what's at stake there. What's the threshold for expanding in the community to kind of say now we're going to start taking more people who don't have well all the testing issues or capacity? So if we had the capacity right now, then we could we could test as many people as you want it. So we don't, and so we we need to test people who are highest at risk of this. So we are testing you know over 4,300 tests, but have come back at 20 of those as probable or confirmed so even testing the highest risk individuals. We still have a remarkably low positive ratio proportion of tests, so we're going to continue testing the highest risk as our capacity grows. We can expand emergencies like if somebody sees people gathering in a group of more than 50 or violating any of the recommendations. If it's a health inspector they call- and what's that number, because what police have been saying is they've been getting called about lilycove in nineteen. So if I health inspectors that have been been reaching out- and we will be having some communications going out shortly- giving multiple streams of avenues for people to to report certain certain issues or have certain questions, so that will be coming as we enhance our public health orders then will will be engaging with other other municipalities. Other agencies to see exactly how how our enforcement could be could be expanded and again, most times having Public Health orders in place. Regular communication Manitobans, knowing what's expected of them almost everyone will will follow those types of things as we as we keep going forward. But we we have to have methods for enforcement and that's what the orders allow us and then we will and we have ways of looking into it and enforcing as well yeah. Just a quick question on a chair are either of you, aware of any daycares that were open today for essential service workers standing that 85% of the health care workers have been able to successfully find or have daycare in place, and then we have provided phone numbers for people so that are, and they can also go to their employer. If they're having any challenges in getting daycare. When they have to go to work, then they can contact their their employer and we will connect with the Department of families to make sure that their placement is a priority. Okay, I mean just a quick second question: I noticed you have switched from the presumptive probable in terms of terminology or unconfirmed, but suspected cases. Is there any reason behind that? The only reason is really keeping in line with how the public health agency of Canada is reporting. They report, as as probable and confirmed. Thank you, Thank You, Diana I'm, the brand and Sundra me. Are you still on and you have a follow-up question. I am thank you um, it's just a quick question, but um limit you were saying earlier that there would be some more testing sites opening later this week. Do you have any more information on where exactly those testing sites will be I know? There will be some in Interlake, eastern and southern later this week and in discussion with Prairie mountain they are looking. Their volumes are actually fairly low at the testing sites that they have available now so they're, looking at the location and the demand and we'll work on that over the coming days and I, don't anticipate. There will be more within Northern, Regional Health Authority at this time, but, as was discussed, the testing can be done on the First Nations community at the nursing stations, as well as the PAS Flin, Flon and Thompson. Thank you very much. Are there any further questions? I will open it up now. Let's, please try not to step on each other's toes here and yes, please, but we keep it. Sir CBC all right. What are the hospital capacity right now in this era? Deucey? Can you express it in percentage terms and what's her rate of beds per thousand people right now? How many people wedding events? Can you give us a general state of our preparedness right now prior to the surgery and the cases right well, I I feel like we are: we've done a lot of work in the past six weeks. Getting ready for this, so I can tell you we are very prepared, but the preparations are going to continue to go on and they're getting more detailed as we go so yeah so I'm, just looking at my data was that Bartley Bartley, so my records show that at this time there are a hundred and thirty-one medicine beds in Winnipeg that are open and the ICU capacity is just under 80 percent, which is we don't see those numbers very often so that's that's quite low, but regardless, where we're looking for in terms of preparation looking at our baseline and making sure we use all our baseline, but also have the ability to expand beyond that capacity. Thank you that's correct, so the in fact the the case that we could not link to to travel or could not linked to any exposure was in fact the the test that is now negative, not a not a positive result. So that was the the false positive test that I mentioned earlier I'm just wondering at some point to, but is there plans in place to use or you have different sites that would be built or maybe use the arena per se? Two to ten a house. You know people patients, those discussions are underway and we are looking at partners we'll give you update on that when we get some more detail, I think it's important to know too that the majority of people who get Cova 19 don't require hospitalization, but they do require isolation. So your question about, should they be in an arena. We do have to look at places, ways to cohort patients who are infected. It doesn't mean they need to be in the hospital it. It means they need to be in isolation, but absolutely for those who do need to be hospitalized. We are doing everything in our power right now to look at staffing models, supplies, equipment and space so that we can expand as the need demands. Thank you well and in fact, that one individual has now been discharged, so we don't have any of our current cases of hospitalized or the Kiva's here CBC. If dentists or the construction industry wish to donate masks that are n95. Where could they do so? We have a 1-800 number, it's on our shirt health webpage, but I can get that to you where we are working with partners and accepting donations for supplies. Send that to you Bartley. Thank you very much again. Are we thinking the number of folks that you're allowing to gather in groups? Yes, so we're continuing to to review our social distancing strategies and and the public health orders? So it's we are having plans in place to to escalate some of those orders, and one of them will be that to that number of people allowed together, we were still still reviewing other jurisdictions, still reviewing what what we think will work here based on our outbreak so more to come on that I have to talk just one more Ellie, Malone, pretty impressive one more clarification question you mentioned that any person that had the false positive test just trying to update my spreadsheets here. But can you give us a little bit of idea of who that person was because that date came out? We got a concert. People man-woman age range it. It was a female I. Don't know offhand the the age range on that individual. It was an individual that we were unable to link to travel or to contact to another case, and so that now has been been removed as a as a as a probable case right. So the the test performed that makes it probable at that Kadim lab had came back at a very, very low level, positive it. We were unable to get a confirmed test at the National micro lab. We then retested the sample at Kadim. It was again negative and then, in fact the delay was that we went out and tested that individual again and that retest came back negative at Kadim lab. So based on all of that, we've determined it was a not a positive test. The first time around and they're being told that, even if you have it, don't go for attack and why would that be because the the symptoms of covet 19 are they're the same symptoms as the flu or many other respiratory illnesses? So we are linking the high-risk individuals who have Kovan 19 with testing, so those who are contact, two cases or those who have returned from international travel. So that's where our capacity is to test right now the advice is if you're unwell, stay home and so the the issue of spreading infections, even if that's a different type of viral infection, it's still dealt with and not in that manner. If you're sick stay home, if you have mild symptoms, stay home, if you have traveled internationally, if your contact to a case, then certainly we want to attest, but even then we're seeing a very low proportion of our tests in even in that group of individuals coming back, oh I'm, sorry all the way to get yep so so we had to because of the capacity due to the reagent at the lab, we had to prioritize certain groups that I mentioned healthcare workers, people who admitted to hospital long term care facilities, and such people with mild symptoms that were tested were those tests might have been a few days. We're hoping that back moving into this week, we're gonna get that back to the 24 to 48 hours. Thank you very much that wraps up our session today. Thank you all for participating in our briefing and we will continue to let people cope. I do care.