Again as well, that is my as well be you that does they don't care? Thank you for everyone to be here, so without any further adieu, we'll ask the mayor of Montreal miss viola brown to speak with you, Thank You Jenna. Yes, thank you to everyone for being here this afternoon. I wish to salute dr. ho when we speak quite often these days, dr. Doyle, who is the regional director for public health and I, would also like to salute mr. Advani, who is the coordinator for civil safety, for the agglomeration, as well as the interim director for the firefighting services of the city of Montreal. So before starting I wish to clear things up, a lot of information has been circulating for the past few hours, so I wish to reassure the population and to tell them exactly what is happening so know the city is not confined. It is not in quarantine either. Neither today nor tomorrow, if it some day it does become the case. It will be at the request of the government of Quebec in public health, and if it were to be the case, it would be done in an orderly and gradual fashion. So I wish to remind you and tell you today that we're not there at all. Yet it is normal that the city be prepared for any possibility and that it has plans and consequence. That is what responsible administrations everywhere in the world are doing. And yes, there are certain sectors of the island that are more affected than others, but the situation is worrisome elsewhere in the city, of course, we're going to be working with Public Health to limit the spread in a general way. Now this afternoon we're going to go to an important stage in our collective fight against the corona virus. This afternoon, at 4:00 p.m. we had declared the state of local emergency over the territory of the Montreal agglomeration at the request of the National Director of Public Health, dr. arruda. Since the beginning of the crisis, we have been working together with the expert team of the Center for coordination of emergency measures and the regional direction for Public Health. To take the best decisions, the established plan has been very efficient up until now, but taking into account the evolution of the situation, we have today arrived at a point where we must give ourselves new powers. Exceptional powers to be even more flexible. I have declared the state of emergency because our resources for homeless people need reinforcements and they need them now. Today it is the most vulnerable people in our society who need us and I wish to emphasize. The heroic work of our community resources from young homeless are doing I, thank them for their hard work. I also wish to thank our Commissioner for people experiencing homelessness. Mr. Sahu situation in the day, centers and shelters is very difficult right now day. Centres who see 700 people per day are now closed, except for a few exceptions. The shelters that house about a thousand four hundred people per night are reducing those places. For the past week, we've lost about 300, the homeless population ends up without food without place where they can rest and without protection, and that is unacceptable. The premier is asking us to stay home, but staying at home. What does that mean when your home is the street? For, for one week, the Health Network plan, as well as the city of Montreal, are operating resources in the field. There's two new places downtown at the complexity, fefo and the YMCA that are there to respond to the needs of shelters. That was now decreased. The number of available spots, the Royal Vikas Patil, which is being transformed into a shelter for the homeless population that is declared positive to the coronavirus or which who are awaiting a diagnosis. And then finally, sanitary pilots have been put in down at the downtown area, but we have to go further than that. There's new temporary shelters that are planned for in the next few days to be able to make up for the spots that are being lost in other shelters and we're going to create outside day centers in public spaces that are usually visited by the homeless. We are creating five sites that will be able to welcome a thousand people per day. The first one would be in square Cabo, cooked together with a CD on smokey, eyed and a second site very quickly will be set up in the next few days. This sanitary crisis must not become a humanitarian one, and that is the message that I have for you today, and that is while we are acting. That is why we're getting the necessary powers to be able to act. The provisions of the law allow us to take all the measures to protect the life. The health and the integrity of people, for example, we'll be able to conclude agreements the necessary and require private places if necessary, to house. People will also have the ability to make purchases of emergency material as well as food for those shelters and our day centers. We wish to act quickly and efficiently. That is our priority, and it is this agility that we are giving ourselves today to end with I am speaking to Montreal is right now, because we all have the duty to respect the guidelines from public health. The numbers that we see in the media that we're reading are real. These are real numbers, so we all each and every one of us. We have to make an effort to limit the spread within the community. It is true than ever before and once again, I reiterate and ask the entire population to follow the guidelines that have been clearly established by public health and the Quebec government. So before giving you news about why we're here today, I definitely wanted to set the record straight. There has been a lot of information going around in the last few hours, so I want to reassure the public and give them an accurate picture of the current situation so know the city is not under lockdown, nor is it quarentine not today and not tomorrow. If this happened one day, it will be at the request of the government of Quebec and the Public Health Department, and he, if it happens, it will be done in a coherent and orderly way. We are not at that point at all. It is absolutely normal for a city to be prepared for any eventuality and to make plans accordingly. That is what responsible, administration and cities do around the world. Yes, some areas of the island are more affected than others right now, but the situation is serious and other areas as well and in other areas as well. We will, of course, work with the public health authorities to limit a widespread propagation on the island we have. We have now moved to an important step in our collective fight against the Kohana virus. This afternoon, at 4:00 p.m. we declare a local state of emergency on the territory of the agglomeration of Montreal. This was a request that we cracked the request, sorry of the National Public Health Director, dr. hakuta. Since the start of the crisis, we have worked with the team of experts from the Sandow quaternion Demoiselle Joe Jones, and a regional direct direction of Public Health to make the best possible informed situation all the time the established plan has been very effective, but given the evolution of the situation, we have now reached a point where we need to adopt exceptional powers in order to be more responsive. I have declared the state of emergency because our resources for the homeless needs to be reinforced right now immediately. At this moment, the most vulnerable in our society needs us. I want to salute the arrow ik work of our community resources. Helping the homeless and I also want to thank Sasha who the Commissioner of the homeless of the city of Montreal. The situation in these centers and shelters is very difficult, and so it was important for us to find solution. Rapid, an efficient solution. The Prime Minister has asked us to stay at home, but I need ask. We need to ask herself what does it mean staying at home when, when, when you actually, when your home is actually the street? What does he mean? What do you do so for us? It was really important to assure that the ohm 'less homelessness community would have a roof, something some food and feel secure. So, even though there's been a lot of things done in the past week for the homeless situation, we must go even further, and this is what we're doing right now. More temporary shelters are planned to be open in the next few days to cope with the reduced number of beds in shelters. The city will help create outdoor day centers in public spaces frequented by homeless, people where they will also have access to food. We aim to create five sites that can accommodate a total, the other thousand people per day. There first will be in square cable in collaboration with resilience, and the second site will be announced very shortly in the next coming days. This health crisis cannot become a social crisis. That is why we are taking immediate action. The provisions set out in the emergency in India that's a difficult versus I'm. Sorry, emergency preparedness act allows us to take all measures needed to protect the life, elf and safety of our citizens. So, of course, we will be able to ask for some private accommodation, for example, offer material and food for four shelters as well, so many things that we can put together fast and efficiently so and I just want to conclude by saying the same thing. I just said in French to all Mon travelers. Listening to us, it is very important to follow the recommendation, follow the different rules that were that we've been saying over and over, but we all see the numbers in the papers and those numbers are real, so we do need to make sure that we're all taking this very seriously where we are following the recommendation, and this way we will go through this actually together. So thank you so much for your attention and I would like to ask the ductile DeWine to share some words with us on the situation messy, so hello. Everyone so today is a great day for mantra. You've all seen the epidemiological situation, the acceleration that we've seen this week. Montreal has community transmission that has been well shown, and today the National Director for Public Health, dr. Arruda, is asking us to set up additional measures to reinforce the actions that are really on course, so that our entire array of prevention be even more solid. Concretely, the objectives that we wish to pursue with these measures are really to ensure that the population are distant. Distancing measures are really applied everywhere, in stores and in public places to make sure that the people who must be isolated, the cases the people who are awaiting investigation or results, people who are in places where we've asked them to be isolated. We had to make sure that they respect that isolation, order and, of course, extra measures to protect vulnerable populations that are specific to our urban context, the homeless, among them. So it really is about these objectives that we're going to emit measures which are not being deployed right now everywhere in Quebec, but for which it is not justified. That Montreal take an extra step, as the mayor has said, I wish to reassure you Montreal is not closed down. Montrell is not closing down. Montreal is not in lockdown or quarantine. The measures that we'll be announcing we will be announcing as of tomorrow at public health fees, will be progressive measures. Progress measures have already seen, but now we're gonna have extra leverage that we'll be working with with the spbm, for example, individual orders for people who do not respect the isolation guidelines, probably fines for stores that have not yet closed down or for gatherings that are still being held in certain places, but I wish to reassure people most of the population is respecting right now, the said recommendations, but following the spread of the virus, we can no longer tolerate any leeway about these recommendations. Of course, we'll also be able to go towards progressive measures, as we've been seeing in Europe, linked to the control of people in public spaces, so we'll be normal to see more police officers in the street. However, we do not plan on specific measures to just one area right now we can see it clearly. The part of the spread is more intense in certain zones and certain neighborhoods, but very quickly. We are in a community transmission staging. So we can see it from one day to the next: it's not just one neighborhood, it is the entire Island of Montreal that has to firmly apply these measures. More specifically, the measures apply to homelessness. The leverage that is being given to the city of Montreal today should be understood as being leverage to allow us to be complementary to the health network measures we announced earlier on this week. The health net worth already active for the entire healthcare for the people who are homeless, the screening somebody who has to be isolated and who is homeless at the real Vic. We are already installing zones at the Royal Vic for these people, specific beds that are dedicated to them for people who are homeless and who need to be hospitalized. So the action of the city will be done in complementarity for together with all the homeless, who are not ill, but with whom we also have to have social distancing measures. We can no longer have 100 150 people in just one room sleeping, and we have to make sure that they have access to food and two basic elements to be able to live and avoid, of course, that there is social tension. So that is the summary of most of the measures and, as of tomorrow, we'll be able to announce them to you more in detail and, of course, I also wish to reaffirm that what we wish is not to be in coercive measures, I believe that the population mainly respects these measures, but now we're gonna have to be a little bit more rigorous as Montreal errs. Our wish is not to have police officers, give tickets left right and center, but if it is necessary we don't have a choice. We'll have to do it because, as we said, we are here to protect our elderly and also to make sure that there is as few hospitalization and deaths associated to this pandemic in montreal. Montreal is not closing down we're, not closing the the bridges we're not putting montreal in quarantine. The director Nationale de santé, pubic, asked me today to increase the measures to protect montreal hours from the pandemic. We've seen an acceleration in the number of cases that we in the last week. We know that we have community a transmission and we have mostly in some neighborhoods, but we know that by in a few days it's going to be it's going to be more in more neighborhoods. So the objectives of our strategy is really to put measures to make sure that people do respect the order of social distance, iation businesses that should be closed and orders to make sure that people that should be isolated do respect the the confinement order and also we want to put some additional measures to protect vulnerable population that are specific to our urban context. Those measures are going to be announced in the next days. They're going to be progressing. We're gonna see, orders like I said to make sure that people do respect the the recommendation to be to be isolated or confined, and we may see some fines if businesses do not respect or if we still see gatherings in neighborhoods, and so we are going to be able to announce more precisely what is going to be put in place in the next day with our partners. Spbm I want to reinforce the recommendations, I think most Montrealers are respecting the recommended, the public health recommendation and I. Thank you because this is we're going to see the impact of the respect of those recommendation in a few days. I hope so, and you have the power to change the curve of the pandemic. So I ask everyone and we're not here, to put fines and to pollute and we're not here to put policemen in every neighborhoods. We just want to make sure that we put. We have a success in our collective efforts of facing this pandemic. Thank you. The question parade has started. Unfortunately, the questions are inaudible, demanding Mizzou get wrist power measures that can be taken in case. It is forced by the government. Are you ready without having anybody panic to apply bridge controls if we have to get to that? And if so, what is your plan with the collaborations of the Montreal police and the area of Montreal I'm, going to give you an answer that you might perhaps I'm going to find boring because I'm not going to go further than what might be it's something that I found unfortunate today. Is that there's information going around that come from real plants, so it's not invented but which create a lot of stress this afternoon, I received a lot of emails from people. A woman who said I am in the Laurentian I have to give birth in my shelters, I have a complicated. You know. Pregnancy window I had to come back in the city. That's just one example and there's all sorts like that. I want to be transparent with my information, but I am NOT going to start putting forward scenarios which honestly we don't want to apply, but what I can tell you is that in any case, we are ready and all that has been done since the beginning, in collaboration with Public Health, with the Health Network or with the government of Quebec and, of course, with our coordination center for emergency situations, the spbm and the firefighters. So all that is concerted if we have to set up other measures like closing down the bridges, let's say then we'll be ready. So what would trigger then more constrictive measures, I'm sure that you must have some sort of threshold where you say we have to measure these or start them. Maybe this is for public health. Yes, that's what I was going to say because for me the order is going to be coming like the way it was done today. By discussing, we had shared her problems, but basically it's the government of Quebec together with Public Health, who is going to be pressing on the button so who is going to decide on that threshold? Well, it is the epidemiological study that will show us it's progressing quickly, but we were expecting it. The number of cases that we see today Friday was what I had in my head as the Director of Public Health Monday in terms of progression, knowing very well that the cases that we have right now transmit the transmission of ten or twelve days in the past. So we're not yet quite seeing a slowdown linked to the measures that were announced on the 12th of March, but which were not necessarily applied perfectly right away. I'm thinking it took a few days before the population understood the importance, and after that there was the intervention at airports for travelers which what brings us to make that decision, we're. Looking at the epidemiological situation, the acceleration everything going on around. We can see very clearly that Nevada and the mythology are not at all experiencing the same situation at us as us and, as dr. arruda said, it is evolving very quickly, depending on the level of acceleration tomorrow, we'll be announcing measures, but it's possible that in the following days, we'll announce more and the idea is really to see how the population reacts and implements the recommendations that we are emitting. If we see that we've already recommending restricting travel between regions, it's already something that's been recommended. If we see that it's pretty well applied well, maybe we won't go up to you know putting out right beds. However, we know that in cities for which there have there has been a very rapid spread and very accelerated growth. It is the kind of measure that we might imagine, and that are part of a scenario, but there's not a cut-off. Like dr. arruda said it's not, you know. After a thousand or a thousand five hundred, we say: okay we're getting to the next stage. It really is an analysis of the transmission corridors, of course, was still with 46 percent of cases that are associated to there's a lot of outbreaks but outbreaks that are a lot in health care settings. So we know that the potential for community spread is not the same, so it is that entire situation that is being analyzed to decide whether or not we will add subsequent measures the morgue lives on anymore, less have water. I would like to know. You spoke with a thought that you'd be announcing more details. What was going to happen tomorrow with the police officers, but what can people expect as of tonight, since the emergent estate of emerges that already been declared? Are things certain things going to change quickly? Well, I would tell the population tonight like any other evening. It's the same thing. If you respect the recommendations, there shouldn't be an issue, basically the first stages that we make sure that we have the means, except for the homeless, because they will see a very marked difference as of now to be able to respond to their needs. But if people like I'll give you an example right now, we have 200 investigations being done per day of people who are confirmed. My investigators are telling me: I had 25 to 35 people that I can't even get in touch with over the phone. Where are those people well by omitting those measures, we're going to make sure that they are isolated, we'll be able to make sure that we go see in their homes to make sure that they are respecting the public health directives? So we're not changing the recommendations, we're not changing the intervention of Public Health. We are just giving ourselves the means to make sure that these people respect the orders and we're also giving herself the needs in more difficult social context, which is something that we experienced this week in terms of mental health issues, homelessness that people to whom we're asking to be isolated. Who don't have a place to be isolated? We create that tragic torii and we give ourselves the means collectively, together with the spbm and the city, to make it so that we can have places to isolate these people Madame pom. That gives you a lot of latitude in terms of the powers that you have with the spbm. The police Corps have Guidelines already been sent for what's coming up tomorrow and Sunday. I know that a it does give us extra powers, but I think that, just to make a parallel, I would like to remind you that the state of emergency was declared yesterday during the floodings. It is exactly the same thing. It gives us the ability to spend more quickly. It also can give us a possibility of sending either firefighting. The services or police services in certain places to have certain guidelines be respected, require spaces like we did for the flooding. So you know private places parking lots, so you have to see it in that perspective. I think that we have to be careful to not send out an impression that the state of emergency says if we were in a repressive state. That's not at all what it is Montreal says doctor who I was saying, respect the rules, and we are very proud of it and I thank Montreal errs for this. But of course we want to spend a very clear message that if certain people continue gathering, we've already said it we like chatting first, but if we have to give a fine, we will do so. We will do what is necessary to make sure that things are respected. But to answer your question, everything is being deployed within next actions and the reason that motivated me to ask for extra powers through declaring the state of emergency is really the situation of the homeless and I want to say when I said, I don't want for this crisis of this health crisis. I don't want it to become a social one or a humanitarian one. That's what I was thinking of, because I felt that, despite all of our best efforts of helping out this population, that is very vulnerable, that we were getting to the end of our capacity to act, and that is really what motivated us first and foremost, gozu Kipling novella price, the first for you, dr., Hawaii, I, would like to know. There are close to a thousand cases right now in Montreal the West Center. Does it still remain the most important outbreak center? Yes, let me just check yes today. So with the progression of cases, it is still the same territory with 38%. It represents 38% of cases, as I was saying once again, it's 42 percent of our cases are associated to a trip and traveling and we'll see it. The transition will be done and with the community transmission, there will be a lower proportion throughout the days that are going to be associated to traveling, but we can see it even since yesterday, in terms of mapping, we can clearly see that it is starting to be going over to other territories as well. So, yes, it is more prevalent in these territories, but the perspective of intervention for Montreal is going to remain one of the entire island. There can be specific intervention in certain neighborhoods to make sure, but we're not going to be targeting one more specific area area to say we're gonna, you know put up barricades, it's not at all. What we're doing so. Do you wish to concentrate police activity well everywhere in Montreal, so there will be guidelines for all patrol officers to respect the basic guidelines weather for businesses or individual gatherings. If there are issues about certain areas, it will be more intensive, so they are the ones that are going to go knock on people's doors, to make sure that, for example, you were talking earlier on about epidemiological investigations where we're looking at this I wanted to give you a little bit more information about this tomorrow. But of course, we also want this to be a human approach. We're not saying that the person who hasn't answered the phone, for example, is necessarily at fault. There might be a reason why they are not answering so we'll be looking at the approach to make it so that the intervention can be done at this meeting. That will be done with with the specific person. Are there any other deaths in Montreal? Today, in Montreal, we are at four deaths today: nine people in intensive care and 59 people who are being hospitalized and the four deaths. Is it in a specific place? I, don't want us anything wrong, but I think somewhere in us here, - cell D, but I'd have to validate with my team. It's not concentrated only one sector, it's in different places. We always come back to these questions, but concerning police officers, could they go in to parks, for example, give tickets and, as of one will be able to give you more details on those elements? It's perhaps not the first measure that we'd be sitting up, but of course, when we look at what was done in other countries where we try that people perhaps stay a little bit more in their own neighborhoods when they go out that they don't go out in groups that when it go and run errands, you know that they don't go. You know with the entire family, but that it be just one view in person: it'll be that kind of measure we're inspiring ourselves a lot with what was done elsewhere. We don't have any randomised trial. You know, of course, but we really are looking at what European countries and other countries have set up as measures to have social distancing measures be respected. Good afternoon doctors we get it else. We need the suburban I suppose do you want? No yeah I will be asking these questions in English because you have people listening in English, just your own key repair. It's a question on Facebook and this question refers to West Island. Okay, this morning we woke up major. Had major news daily newspaper informed us that if we don't want to get sick, don't go to the West Island, which is great news. Of course it is not the west northwest on the western part of the city we get it. Could you tell me more about what exactly is happening? A in côte saint-luc, n, D, G and B within the Hasidic community Montreal, where there's been one death so far, I cannot I, do not have the the religious dara'a on the core of the cases that we investigate. It's not a question that we ask what we know is that we have higher rate rates higher rates in some neighborhoods and yesterday the raider. The medium median rate for montreal was 36 cases 400,000 of population, and we saw in some neighborhoods like côte saint-luc or like amstead or tomorrow we had like 200 or 150 cases, 400,000 of persons. So we know there is a concentration. Is it a grape of families? Is it a context of people that I've traveled or people that I've been screened more? This is quite difficult for us to know what are the specific cause around this? Have they been to a wedding or some places where there's a propagation, so we're looking at it, but we know that the the maps shows us that there's something happening in those neighborhoods, of course, but I cannot have a specific diagnostic. It's not there's not a outbreak in an SSL day or someplace specific, but we know there's something happening in the community again for the benefit of the audience. Could you mention its give me an English answer, damn if akes question about some 39% who were affected by traveling, you said no, it's 42 percent of the cases that we have right now that that our travelers people that have been traveling and another like 25 percent or so is really people that have been in contact with travelers that were symptomatic or with cases so we're still in grapes of cases, but we also have communicate cases from which we cannot find a specific source. That's why we're saying that we are in a sustaining community transmission of the virus. Thank you so much tourism, castillo palma de hond second question for Miss Brown Madame pond. Without wanting to play with fire, you also have the fine parade. Is a city prepared for those sectors in French or in English, perhaps in English, if you wish, there's other things happening at the city and we're looking at the with the spring arriving, which we were happy with, there's always applauding the risk of flooding and last year was an episode where we started. We were prepared well enough to really minimize the impact and negative impact and not to minimize some of the psychological or their stress, but at least we were able to very lower the number of house and houses lost. So, yes, we are preparing we're working with the different boroughs. You said, it'll be Zabka, fallbacks, bajo unsick, but also some of the village as well, just to make sure that everything is is ready for that. But, as you know, it's also about following the situation and kind of crossing our finger that the water, the the ice, will melt in a kind of you know smooth way. So, but whatever happens, we will be we, you know we will. We will deal sure many thanks, Alton anneristo from CDC. Just a few questions. Further mayor. First I'll start with the Royal Vick. What has been behind the delay in terms of opening the isolation unit or the shelter for the homeless? The sense I got last week was it would be a few days. So what has been behind that delay? Why's it still not open. I don't have the national TV can work, so they would probably be in a better position to give you like that, the very more details, but for sure it's actually two floors or two aisle that we will be using one for people that are waiting for results and the other one for people that are that needs to be treated, and so there's a lot of material that needs to be put there in terms also of making sure for the safety of workers, but also of the people that will be will be going there. So for the from what I understand, it's really connected of making sure that the site is prepared well done to receive all the the homeless population within the installation. My second question is regarding the site's the city always looking at setting up. What can you say in terms of the resources devoted to those sites in terms of manpower equipment and specifically, what kind of figure is attached to those resource like what is the financial investment into those sites in terms of the financial resources? I will not be able to give you the numbers today because well with the state of emergency. What I'm glad about is it gives me the flexibility to move forward quite quickly so, but we've already identified the spots where we want to do whatever is for the daesh's. They Center all the night shelters as well, so everything is identified. We will be putting everything in place in the next coming days and we want to do this very fast and also everything related to food, because again, this is something that I'm sure I'm, not the only one not comfortable with the idea that you know some people are just cannot find food and in the city right now, so they'll be able to sleep. Let's say outdoors or so they will be days center outside, for example, in front of the resilience Center we will put, and so this there are new power gives us the opportunity. You know move fast with tents, there will be food there. There will be workers as well social workers and people there worse with that, have the expertise and we're also we have sites for for people to sleep to sleep in. Let's not forget that, since though we closed the rail mount to get ready to be the kind of medical or operational medical site, we've already opened the. Why and the sound Gustavo to replace the while Vick, but what we want to do now is be more proactive in offering more beds, so the shelters and night shelters will be able to have less beds. So it's you know it's better, for we want to minimize the risk of contamination and it's not a clarification question. It's almost like a yes or no question from dr. Moy. You said in French for deaths today. I just wanted to be sure, that's the total is for so it's not for today in the total of five. It's for okay! Thank you. Look out the window certification, dr. Okoye, because on those numbers you said at nine in intensive care, fifteen nine hospitalized and four deaths. The Jewish General Hospital said that they have 19 people in intensive care. I just want to make sure that I understand the nervous that we give I give the number that the premier announces, but it's also there always a number as of 9:00 p.m. de the previous evening, to avoid a whole array of hospitals. The Jewish Hospital also receives patients from other regions outside of Montreal I'm. Talking about the situation, people who live in Montreal so have 59 people, hospitalized 9 in intensive care and four deaths, but it is normal that the general Jewish Hospital has more people in intensive care because it absorbs also the neighboring regions. Thank you. Doctor Arruda had not asked for the state of emergency. Would you have done it anyway? In the present context were in a state of sanitary emergency and the public health emergency was declared by the National Director of Public Health. He is the one who coordinates the action, so he delegates certain powers to me to a certain extent to be able to emit extra resources for the city of Montreal. But of course we speak on a daily basis, so I recommended certain things to him as well, but it really is the way of working, so the actions that we're setting up right now are attached to the larger provincial plan. You really have to understand like that. Montreal is not you know, doing things on its own and going rogue. The actions that we're going to be taking in the next few days are going to be discussed with him. A question for you in a bit of a follow up after Amanda and I, just when you're looking at the maps and you're, seeing how you know epic, the epital epidemic at that's, not the word I'm going to say: that's, alright, we all love those today but when you know I'm, not an epidemiologist, but when you're looking at how these things move and how the cases are spreading, we've talked about how it was a you know. Looking in the the west part of the city, how are you seeing things spread spreading? Is that changing like you know who Tomas moves all on to the east side of the of Mount Royal? May we had like a the odd spot, was at the north of the Mahayana. Don't we see that all the neighborhoods, but now we're seeing a plateau, hos ma we're seeing it's really at the center of the island and, of course, all the the fubu don't care Santos sued? So we're really seeing it's really at the center of the island that we're seeing the spreading. But, of course we have some some cases more at the east and west island, but maybe I think at this time it's more travelers that have came back and that we won't necessarily see a transmission, a community transmission at the end of the island right now, okay, my mana is just looking at how the this new state of emergency and working with police, particularly trying to crime, have crackdowns. Now, we've had some reliable to tips. Come in a police, stop stopping people alone in their cars saying you know. Where are you going? What are you doing? Is this something that's already been pop put in place or as an ordinance like this, or has it come down from on high to do this, and also you know, I what about places like I live in the plateau? I see all the people that you walk together, whether their families are not that are not necessarily 66 feet or two meters. Apart are these guitar when we were looking at Mount Royal at the power at the park or Papa John Mouse? Are these gonna be the places where we're talking about police in public that are going to be? Where you know we're not gonna certainly see a crackdown, but more so to ensure that the social safety measures and physical distancing measures are being respected. Well, the presence of police officers will increase and that's the whole point. It's one of the well not the whole point, because it's not what motivated us at the first to move forward with the state of emergency, but, of course, is to send a message that this needs to be taking very seriously and though we know that, for a family to be kind of close together is one thing. But of course people need to be super vigilant and to respect the two meters separation within whatever they're in the park or walking in the streets and like I, said that the most of Montrealer is like the the big majority are following those rules, but it has to be it's not time to to to stop doing those things and as a city or mantra we're trying to be as more as proactive as possible. Like closing the kids module, you know the plateaus passive, as well even in parks, I mean I, don't want to close parks because, like I've said before it's for a lot of people, it's the only backyard they have so. But people need to be super vigilant, like I, said, there's many many parks in much. We, though, we loved the mountain. We don't have to all go there this weekend, please, and if you feel like there's a lot of people, you should maybe switch go somewhere else, and we've also decided to close the the stairs, because a lot of people addressed to me that the stairs on the maha yl were super busy, so we decided to close those stairs serve for now. So you know the city adapts, but the population definitely needs to continue to take those recommendation very seriously, but our police being told at all to stop people in their cars to ask where they're going where they're going. No we're, not there I think it's. If we see a lot of people in a car, I'm sure a police officer would probably feel comfortable to say the distance or, like maybe you know, ask some question, but we're more into places outside, like I, said into to do some to raise awareness. That's definitely what we we will continue on doing, but some, if some people, if the police officers feels like some people are just reluctant and don't want to cooperate well, they will be able to file a find I, find its Guillemot Sluman trailers be able to continue taking walks in the cities of the city. It is probably the last thing that we want to take away from our elders right now. We wish for people to be able to continue walking around. Of course, the more your respect, the distancing guidelines in the park, for example, when you walk the idea is to you know, know not go out and walk with a group of five people. So the more you follow the guidelines, the more we'll be able to not restrict that. For us, it's really important. It's already difficult. All the measures that we are requiring right now spring is coming if we are forced to ask and if omitting restrictions on that, we would be very sorry for it. So I believe that if everybody makes the collective effort of applying the rules we'll be able to continue walking for a long time, you leak at this exam of the four tests that you mentioned doctor. Why are these all elderly people I'll be able to confirm I? Do not have the numbers here, but I believe so. I know that three are, but the last one I don't have the age I have it in my phone. Sorry, thank you. Everyone.