Good morning and thank you for joining us, my name is Tina Tebow and I'm. The director of Media Relations for the province of Nova, Scotia I, will be your moderator for this morning's news conference joining us today. The Honorable Chuck Porter minister responsible for the emergency management organization, premiers Stephen McNeil, the premier of Nova Scotia, dr. Robert, Strang, the chief medical officer of health for Nova Scotia and the Honorable mark, fury Minister of Justice and attorney general. We'll start with the premier feel heavy Thank You tedium good morning. Everyone I want to thank all those Nova Scotians who continued to follow the public health advice and the businesses like grocery stores that have remained open and are taking extraordinary measures to protect the public and their employees while helping slow the spread of this virus. But today I need to focus on those who are not following public health advice. Over the weekend, I saw and heard of far too many incidents of people gathering blatantly disregarding the social and physical distance rules of staying six feet or two meters. Apart hundreds gathering on our beaches in in our parks, large groups of people, congregating young people playing street hockey, cars parked everywhere people, disregarding law enforcement. We are dealing with a deadly virus and this behavior is unacceptable, and so today, effective immediately I am declaring a provincial state of emergency. Minister Porter is here to explain what that means and Minister Furi Furi is here to explain how we will enforce it. We are also reducing the size of gatherings effective immediately. People cannot gather in groups of more than five. You could still go outside, but you walk to exercise not to socialize stay in your neighborhood walk around the block or down the street. Our provincial parks are closed. If you go there, you are trespassing and your vehicles will be towed. You can get groceries, you can go to the pharmacy, but do not do it in packs, identify a single family member who can do those errands and if you are an individual helping neighbors. Please continue to do so. We are working with our municipal leaders and our First Nation leaders. It is imperative that all of us follow the state of emergency and use common sense. Currently, if you've traveled outside of Canada, you must self isolate for 14 days. We are now taking this to a new level effectively. Tomorrow, the borders of Nova Scotia will be tightened as of 6:00 a.m. if you have travelled anywhere outside of Nova Scotia. You must self isolate for 14 days when you return, this will be managed two points of entry into our province. The fairies in Digby and North Sydney are airports and Halifax in Sydney and our land border with New Brunswick. We are making exceptions for those who provide essential service, including trucking health care, child protection, workers and law enforcement. If you are coming into our province, you will be stopped at every entry point questioned and told to self isolate for those who are not essential service and want to enter our province for social purposes. Please stay home. This decision was not made lightly, but we must continue to act and use every tool available to flatten the curve and reduce the spread of kovat 19 in our communities and the virus. Significant impact on our health care system, we have a social responsibility to focus on the public good, a failure to follow Public Health guidelines to limit the spread of kovat 19 puts our civil liberties at risk. We have no choice but to put more stringent measures in place to contain people to their own home and or help help prevent the spread of kovat 19. Each of us has a moral and legal obligation to ensure that we adhere fully to the orders and advice of our chief medical officer, and there will be no exceptions. I will now turn to Minister Porter to explain what this order means. Thank, You premier, this declaration of a province-wide state of emergency underlines the seriousness of the current situation as it relates to covin 19 and enables the province to enforce its directives. The Emergency Management Act gives us the authority to further protect the health and safety of Nova Scotians and to provide for the broader public good. The state of emergency does not replace the powers of the chief medical officer of Health. Instead, this order sins the provinces authority and adds to the important work that has already been done. Under this order, government can control or prohibit assembly, as well as travel to and from areas. The order also provides the authority needed to coordinate commerce activity and emergency responders, so we can ensure people are safe. We need all Nova Scotians to appreciate the seriousness of this virus and the harm that it can cause. Now is the time to follow the direction of our public health officials and support each other and our neighbors. Thank you. Thank you. Mr. Porter, now LLL ask Minister fury to explain how we will enforce this order. Thank You premier upon the recommendation of doctor Strang, we are taking immediate action to authorize police to enforce orders under the Health Protection Act related to both self I saw self I saw, is a isolation and social distancing. The Health Protection Act authorizes the chief medical officer to request police assistance to enforce his orders. This means that people and businesses will now face fines for violations or orders made under the Health Protection Act. Many Nova Scotians have taken dr. Strawn Strang's advice and are following the order to self isolate. However, as the premier indicated, many are not. We therefore have no choice but to call upon the police and law enforcement community to enforce self-isolation and social distancing. In addition, effective today, social distancing will also now form part of the chief medical officers. Order and police are also now authorized to enforce this order, starting immediately police now have the authority to issue summary offence tickets to people who are not adhering to dr. Strang's order to self isolate or adhere to social distancing. The fines under the Health Protection Act are for individuals found in breach of the order, a thousand dollars for each fine for each day and for businesses and corporations $7,500 in the first instance, and for each subsequent day, people can be fined on multiple days if they fail to comply with the law. Police and law enforcement have been notified of these enforcement measures and are ready to begin implementation. Today, we've engaged our police leadership they have requested and we are able to respond to provide them. This level of authority and I want to take this opportunity to thank the men and women in uniform who are on the front line and, as the premier indicated, their efforts and actions yesterday were dismissed. They now have the authority to find and arrest if necessary, Thank You premier, Thank You, Minister, fury and now I'll ask dr. Strang to update you on the covert 19 cases here in our province, Thank You premier and ministers today we're announcing seven new cases of kovat 19 and, like earlier cases, they either travel-related or close contacts of previously announced cases. At this point, none are related to local community spread. This brings the total to 28 cases of kovat 19 in Nova, Scotia and 13 between yesterday and today, the individuals affected range from people and their upper teens to into their 70s and cases have have been identified in communities across the province Public Health. Every time we have a confirmed case, Public Health rapidly moves in understands where that individual has been at the time they could have been infectious and identifies all contacts and and and works closely with those contacts to put put them in self isolation for a 14-day period, and if there are community exposures, like you've, heard in the last couple of days of the basketball tournament, we make public announcements but as much as possible. We work with individuals and their families behind the scenes to ensure contacts are in isolation. We've had almost 20 100 total tests done here in Nova, Scotia and I'm pleased to be able to announce that today, at the qe2 Health Sciences Centre microbiology lab is now able to report both positive and negative tests for covered 19. As confirmed this is a good thing. No, our tests will no longer have to be sent to the National microbiology lab for confirmation and we'll speed up our the ability to identity. Let people know the status of their of their test results as you've heard and as I've said before, there are no cases right now that are related to community spread. However, as we continue to have cases occurring in in Nova Scotia, we can expect that we will soon see this occurring. That is why we're taking the actions that were that have been announced earlier. We need to minimize and slow down the introduction and spread of code 19 in this province. It's critical, it's how we keep people safe and how we're gonna actually minimize the impact on our healthcare system. Everyone is at some level of risk. There is severe disease occurring at almost all ages, so everybody is at some risk, but we know that there are all of us have people in our families or our communities who are at the highest risk of getting severe disease people who are elderly people with chronic health conditions. We also all have healthcare workers in our communities, who are continued to put themselves at risk working on the front lines to treat people at screen and treat people with this disease. So we all need to work together to pray, even though we're all at risk, but it's not just about ourselves. We also need to work together to protect those most vulnerable in our communities to protect our health care workers who are stepping up and willing to put themselves at risk to look after us. I can't stress that enough, so we are still seeing people going in large groups. I did I have said previously going for a walk or a bike. Ride is okay, it is still okay, but we need to do that safely, adhering to public health principles and, quite frankly, using some common sense. Now is the time if you haven't traveled and you're, adhering to social distancing, go for a walk around your block or in your neighborhood as long as you're, making sure you're, respecting the social distancing, but now's, not the time. Do not pile into a car, go for half an hour park next to a hundred other vehicles at a beach and and and then and then crowd onto a beach or into a park. That is not calm using common sense that is not adhering to public health measures around social distancing and and not getting and not having mass gatherings. If you need to go out to a grocery store or pick up things from the pharmacy have one person do that? Don't all go. Don't take your kids to do that. If people are on self-isolation from travel or thir and a No contact of a case, you need to stay home, you can do if you're able to you can go out into your yard or your balcony. But you can't do not go further. You need to get help to get groceries to get the pharmaceuticals you need. This is where all the rest of us need to step up to help those people who to help them stay in self-isolation. I recognize that for people in apartments, multi-unit dwellings, this isn't very challenging, but I'm hearing lots of stories about how their their neighbors are are reacting to them negatively because they're there they're out in the hallway or trying to take their dog out for a walk or get their mail so rather than reacting negatively. Why don't you step up and say how can I help you? What do you need? So you can stay in your apartment, keep the rest of us safe. How am I gonna help you it's really important, but this is. This is a time where we can come together. We have that we're at the beginning of this in Nova Scotia jurisdictions that have have been able to minimize the impact and slow down the spread of CO 419 are the ones that have applied the very strict measures that we are have been applying throughout the last week and strengthening today, and the time is right in Nova Scotia we can make an impact. We actually have the fortunate opportunity, even within Canada, some of our neighbours, Ontario British, Columbia Alberta are further ahead of than us. By several weeks there have been struggling in the last couple of weeks to apply the same measures we are applying, but with not not as much success, partly because they're further down the curve. So we have this window of opportunity to and learn from our Canadian neighbors and internationally and do things better. So it's really important that we actually take this seriously. It's not a time to react with fear, but I would appeal. I use three C's. Let's approach this with caring and the sense of community and common sense. Thank you. Thank you very much. Dr. Strang and now we'll open up for questions go to the phone lines for questions. Again. We will take one question, one follow-up from each reporter. We have 13 reporters on the line. We will try to get to all of your questions. We have approximately 25 minutes. We will go to Shana luck from CBC go ahead. Shana good morning, Nova Scotians have had until now unrestricted travel throughout Canada and visitors from other provinces have had unrestricted access to Nova Scotia, given that other provinces have said they have community transmission. Why are you limiting testing to international travel? Only we're we're not all that doctor string into this, so a part of self isolation. So anybody now as of 6 6 o'clock tomorrow morning, anybody who comes into the province needs to self isolate. If they become symptomatic, they then go through this online screening process, then call 8 1 1. They will, if they screen in there, they will then go in for testing we're this morning, we're already working on changing that screening process within the within the 8 1 1 process. We are also looking at ways that we're starting to increase people who haven't traveled in a limited way to start to detect signs of community spread. We're also have we have been for for a number of days, looking at building on what we traditionally do for influenza surveillance tracking, the number of people with who going into emergency rooms with with flu-like symptoms looking at if there are any outbreaks of respiratory disease in a long-term care facility or another community setting. So we are continuing to do that building on what we do for flu season, and if we see any of those signals which we haven't to date, we would absolutely move in very quickly and start to do testing for kovat 19 follow-up testing. Is this now opened up to anyone who is showing symptoms so where anybody who's with a travel history and as of tomorrow it'll be a travel history outside of Nova Scotia who develops fever or new cough will they'll screen in through the one:1 process, then go to the covert assessment center for treat for for testing. We are working. We just have further conversations later today with the lab, with our my clinical colleagues of how we actually do some testing to look at people out in the exam, we're making sure we're picking up signs of community spread in a timely manner. We need to work up the details of that. We are rapidly working to within the next day or two to double the testing capacity in the lab. What we have to be cognizant of, we can't test everybody. We need to test the people who are most likely to be positive. While we maintain the ability to be able to test people with significant illness, Thank You Shana next we'll go to Nick Moore from CTV go ahead, Nick all right good morning. If somebody does see people violating the state of emergency order, people gathering in large crowds or people who should be self isolating that they're, not self isolating, is there a way for them to report that to the proper authorities? Yes, we're those circumstances are observed. We are now encouraging people to contact their local police agency of jurisdiction, and, at that time, with the information and authority the law enforcement community has now they will take appropriate action. So I think it's also important going back to my previous comments that we we all have to work together. That not judge not just rely on authorities to to enforce this. So if somebody's out there that you think maybe should be in self isolation first of all is engage them if you can and and feel comfortable doing that and safe in a conversation, maybe there's a reason- maybe maybe they actually, your your judgement on them may be incorrect. Maybe they need to be social distancing rather than self isolation, but maybe there's something they're struggling with that. They need help with that's forcing them to come out of self isolation. So, rather than be negative about each other, I'm encouraging people as the first step is, let's figure out how we support each other to help those who need to be in South isolation, States isolation. Before we go to an official complaint Nick did you have a follow-up question? I do have one! Thank you for that. My follow-up is: can I get clarification on whether or not this order issue today? If this does effectively close shopping malls throughout the province effectively? Not not at this particular moment they will have to adhere to the five-person rule. Doctor, Strang and I will having further conversations today, but the next phase, but they will and as shops, will have to also look at the five-person rule, but there will be no a public gathering in a shopping mall, as of today. You'll still have access to it. Thanks Nick Nick next we'll go to Elizabeth McCaffrey from Global News go ahead, Elizabeth hi there. What the state of emergency will mean in terms of protocol changes at the airports. Will there be any beefed up beefing up the testing or criteria in the airport here? Mr. Porter? Thank you. The airports are currently being monitored by provincial staff. At the current time, through our enforcement office or sort of environment that will continue, we will upgrade information and we will go through the same process. We will do it all other points of entry which we'll be asking the appropriate questions and whether they travel where they travel from and other questions Elizabeth's. Do you have follow-up criteria for testing but are showing symptoms, of course, they're to self isolate, but what you may be doing at home to treat themselves and care for themselves while they eat pleasing they have so mid-nineteen. What should they be doing at home? So we're asking people with any symptoms. As always, they should try to isolate themselves as best they can within their home if you've got fever or cough, whether it's influenza, whether it's kovin 19, staying away from the public spaces and even within your home as much as possible, distancing yourself from anybody else within the home, so staying that six six feet or two meter space apart as best you can staying if you were able to in in your own room with your own bathroom, having somebody bring meals to the to the doorway I know, that's not always possible for for all living circumstances and all families, but as best you can adhering to those public principles of of social distance. Seeing that that six foot space and and really really careful frequent hand washing by everybody in that household cleaning down common surfaces, I think it's also important. If I can, whether you travel or not and you're at home and you've been sci-fi salaita, because you know someone who's traveled and you are showing those symptoms, a call eight one one. They will direct you. We have a couple of cases where people haven't necessarily travel, but someone very close to them has and they've received the virus in them. So I don't want. A a couple of questions here is, has only been that only the people who've traveled are being tested. That's not accurate. What's happening is if you follow the online tool and it identifies these symptoms, you call eight one one and you will be directed to the appropriate place to ensure that that's happening. Of course. Travel history is an important part of that, but, as dr. Strang has said, a number of times and I've been sitting here with, and we have some that ever connected to people who have traveled they themselves have not so follow the symptoms. Follow the online tools call eight one one and we will be there to work with you thanks Elizabeth next, we'll go to tim arsenault from the Chronicle Herald go ahead Tim. Thank you wondering why the Dennis LC outlets are still open. I'm wondering given what's being said this morning, and can you speak to that? Well, they've been kept open at various degrees across the province. Hours have changed, access to them has changed. We've now closed them on Sundays. We will continue to monitor that as we go forward. I think there's also an important part there. There are, quite frankly, those Nova Scotians new health requirements, needs access to this product and we also know there are family situations where people are living in very difficult circumstances. Well, those domestic violence or abuse that the restriction of this product it could escalate that. But we are monitoring what that looks like as we continue in time and will continue to follow advice of Public Health. Do the follow-up? Tim mobility had to be restricted, even further measures or plans for how people would go about getting things like groceries prescriptions. Well, in my remarks, I've said you can do you can continue to do that? Just don't do it as a group, don't do it as an entire family, identify an individual to go. Do that many of our retailers have put online opportunities where you can do online shopping and they'll bring it up and put it in your car, but you can go of course, and do those things and then come home and I would also encourage you, as dr. Strang has mentioned a few minutes ago. How can we support those who may have more more challenges for your single mom with kids at home and your other neighbor asked? Can you help if you're a senior living alone in your neighbors, a senior living alone, asked? How can you help if you're going to pick something up for your family? Think about identifying whether you can pick something up for them? That's how we can actually restrict the mobility and, quite frankly, slow down this virus from impacting all of our families. Thanks Tim for that question, next, we'll go to Devin Stevens from all Nova Scotia go ahead. Devin. Can you talk a little more about what triggered today's announcement? I know the premier mentioned, you know overflowing parking lots at beaches and there was some social media posts about that today. The government monitoring social media for this type of thing are you getting calls from the public or provincial? You know game wardens and park officers noting this stuff just a little bit more about what specifically triggered today's announcement. Well, the vast majority of Nova Scotians are following public health advice and they become frustrated quite frankly when a small percentage of Nova Scotians don't so they they certainly identify. They call in to whether it's in our apartment of Forestry, who manages the parks across the province they would call in to Department of Health. And yesterday, when those calls came in, we dispatched law enforcement to deal with the issue and, quite frankly, they weren't taken seriously. They weren't people were disregarding the men and women in uniform, and we cannot allow a small percentage who choose to do as they wish in our province to put at risk the health of the rest of us- and that's literally, is what this is. If you've watched this virus globally and, quite frankly in Canada in some of our other Canadian provinces, the spread of this happens rapidly and quickly, and it will require all of us to do our part to self isolate, to protect our neighbors and to respect law enforcement, health professionals who are working day and night to provide us, the security that we require and, quite frankly, the health care that we need and I part of I want people to fully understand this. The spread of this virus in itself is bad enough, but the stress that it will put on our healthcare system will be crippling. It will not only impact about how we deal with this virus. It will deal with. How do we deal with cardiac arrests? It will deal with. How do we deal with all of the other emergencies that flow into our hospitals on a daily basis? I cannot allow a certain level of Nova Scotians to disregard the order of the chief medical officer or law enforcement. When it comes to insurance, we protect the health and safety of all Nova Scotians, and that's why we were forced to do what we're doing today. Seven give us all up yeah for dr. Strang, we're probably going to have people coming off of self isolation in the next five to ten days. Here. What is your guidance to them on on day 15? Can they go grocery shopping? Can a grandmother coming home from Florida go visit, her grandchild? If there's no willness and neither household Justi just what? How will life change for those people on david p? So once they come off self-isolation, they move into the bigger bucket of all other Nova Scotia's Nova Scotians, who were and we're asking and telling you need to maintain the social distance. So that's the group that that still has to be careful about shopping for essentials, not in groups wanted. You know one person from the family. They can have some outdoor activity in their yard and they're come in their community, but not doing it in groups not and doing it in a way that respects the six-foot social distancing so to become like, like the vast majority of us, but we're gonna be in this for weeks, and we all have to pry it. All of us have to be practicing the social distancing and there will be people that move up into other categories of stricter self isolation and and and even maybe, even as a case, I want a very, very strict at home self isolation. They don't have to be in the hospital and then move back down, but all of us have to keep practicing that it's strict social, distancing and I emphasize who it's really about physical distancing. At the same time, we need to find ways to increase our social connectedness using our devices, but, as as the premier said, as I said earlier today, how do we find ways to reach out and support each other in our communities while we still respecting that that physical distancing, but it's critically important, that we are connecting with each other in non-physical ways that supports each other through this very difficult time? Thank You Devon next we'll go to Matthew more from News. Ninety-Five seven go ahead: Matthew! Yes, thanks! Tina III think my question is just the confusion about malls. Can you discuss the finds that if someone went to a mall tomorrow and there's ten people there? What what's that going to do because it seems like that's a little ambiguous right now, I suppose no I! Well, you would find is that law enforcement has the ability to go into a mall and if you were hanging around in the in the general space of this, the public space of a mall you be asked to disperse. If you choose not to you'll, be fined if you're going into the mall to go directly to a particular store, then that's what you do you go in. You enter them all and you go directly to that store. You purchase what you're looking for and you exit them all. The common area will be treated like common space. Odin community. Do the follow up yeah, just one quick one. What does this do for like dealerships and call centers too, because those are kind of confined spaces too I? Suppose? Oh, we have a number of employers who have worked very hard to ensure that they've created the appropriate self distancing protocols inside of their businesses. Some have double shifts, so they take fewer people in they've, separated whether it's a call center. The connection how close people are to one another, many of those workplaces that are still functioning I've, followed the advice of the chief medical officer and insured. They put the protocols in place. We have about 10 minutes left. We only have time for a few more questions, we'll go to Jake Boudreau from the Port Hawkesbury reporter go ahead, Jake music! You guys are kind of going close to calling on people a quarantine, but there's usually some public confusion as to the difference between quarantine and social isolation, which you know, aren't eaning being the more I guess extreme or whatever you want to call it term. Is there any way you guys can kind of clarifies I didn't seeing a lot of comments on social media? So quarantine is that's the technical term. The quarantine is somebody who has potentially been exposed, but is not yet yet sick and then ice. Technically, then, isolation is somebody who was sick. We because of the of the language piece across the country or talk we're using self isolation as the term both for people who may have been exposed and and need to stay at home away from others, as well as for people who are even if they're, sick, they're self isolation. So it's social distancing for everybody or though physical distancing with increased social connectedness, then people because of travel or if we know that they've been exposed that self isolation which in a technical term, is quarantined and then for people who are sick. It's a very strict house, isolation which the technical term for that is isolation. You next will go to David jela from the Cape Breton post go ahead, David we'll go to Tim Bousquet from the health acts examiner go ahead, Tim to beat this drought, but this widespread public concern and questions that were testing and doctors, obvious that you can't everyone and I suppose that that's true. But can you say what the limiting factor is? Is this lack of availability of the FAC of fab? Is it time is too much money? What what is is that proof that is keeping you from running so, as I said, we're rapidly, working and and and to double the capacity for testing and that's doing things at the lab, bringing in extra staffing for other components of the lab, changing their processes, we're also looking at using different types of swabs to make sure we actually have adequate swabs that are available, we're looking at possibilities of even increasing the the sophisticated equipment. That's there. That's not easy because there's a global demand for that, but so we're doing everything we can to increase our lab capacity. But also we've got to be careful that our that our testing strategy maintains the likelihood of identifying people who have the highest possibility of having this disease and not overwhelming our system by testing. Absolutely everybody. So we're continue to work on, though, both those strategies enhancing our testing, maximizing and testing the appropriate people, as we try as we working diligently to maximize our lab capacity, follow-up Tim, recognizing that you can't test everyone. Why aren't people at airports in crossing the borders? Why aren't they being there? So we, the evidence, is from either other pandemics. Epidemics is that sea temperature testing is not actually very helpful. The clay we use that during h1n1 in other parts of the world that has clearly showed that that doesn't really make a difference, because you're only that's a one point in time. The reality is that most people are going to be feel well as they're traveling, they're gonna get home, and then it's going to be in those next few days. So if I do a temperature check on somebody just as they cross the border, it really tells me nothing about what their likelihood is of of becoming sick in the next few days. The information that people are given now as they can, the airport and as starting tomorrow as our ferries and our land borders, includes information about. If you have or develop these symptoms online screening and then calling eight one, one is appropriate, and that is the best strategy to get to pee help people to understand with a type of symptoms they need to watch for and how they manage and reach out that fer to get it appropriately tested when they develop those symptoms, rather than just screening temperature checks at at border entries, which are not effective to be clear, around travel and our borders. That was described a few moments ago. If you are coming into Nova Scotia, you must self isolate for 14 days, no matter where you're coming from. If you are coming in to any one of those borders, you must self isolate for 14 days. I just wanted to be clear on that. Thank you. We'll go to David jela once more time for a must. The Cape Breton post David are you there and that's all the time we have from the phone line, but I will ask Minister fury. We did get a question from the phone he, unfortunately, if he had to drop off, it is from CBC News Network in Toronto, and the question Minister is around Nova Scotia police. What sort of summary offence tickets can be a so there are two offenses one by an individual failing to obey the order of the chief medical officer for health, and the second is for businesses who fail to comply with the order of the chief medical officer of health. The individual fine is in the amount of $1000 and the fine for businesses is in the amount of $7,500, with increased costs on a daily basis. That's all the time we have for media questions. Thank You, Tina I want to thank all Nova Scotians, who have been following the Public Health protocol, but I cannot allow a small group to put their own self interests ahead of the collective health of all Nova Scotians. As the premier of this province and it's a chief medical officer of health, it is our jobs to create the conditions to keep you safe. It is your job to follow them to keep yourself safe and all Nova Scotian safe. If you cannot follow the laws that we have put in place today, there will be consequences. This may seem harsh, but it is necessary. I care about this province and I care about all of you be kind, be compassionate and most of all, please use common sense. You.