So we just had a great meeting tremendous unity of the Republican Party and we're working on a lot of different things, very good updates on the virus. That's working out very smoothly tremendous people. It's a tremendous task force. They have done a great job, not a good. You have a great job. As you know, it's about 600 cases. It's about 26 deaths within our country. Had we not acted quickly, that number would have been substantially more, but we we just had a meeting with stimulus and you'll be hearing about it soon, but it was a great meeting. There's great unity within the Republican Party. Well, I was just with the Republican senators and they was. They were just about all they're, mostly all there and there's a great feeling about doing a lot of things and that's one of the things we thought well, we're going to see if they came in very tough. A lot of them are things that you wanted to get for other things and we're looking at the people. We're looking at solving this problem. Also, some very good numbers coming out of some countries where it started earlier and we're seeing some fairly good numbers come out of those countries. That's a good thing, including China and they've, released numbers that we've gotten some numbers from China that look pretty promising so we'll be able to further the report. Please well I, don't think it's a big deal. I would do it I, don't feel that any reason I feel extremely good I feel very good, but I guess it's not a big deal to get tested and something I would do but again spoke to the White House doctor, terrific guy, talented guy. He said he sees no reason to do. There's no symptoms! No anything! If there were you, people would be the first to know it. You would you would maybe even tell me about it. Yesterday I've been believe toward every contingency. You can possibly imagine many contingency. So a lot of positive different numbers, all different numbers, very large numbers and some small numbers too. By the way. Look right now: I guess we're at 26 deaths. And if you look at the flu, the flu for this year we're we're looking at 8,000 deaths, and you know hundreds of thousands of cases. We have eight thousand deaths, so you have 8,000 verses, 26 deaths at this time. With all of that being said, we're taking this unbelievably seriously and I think we're doing a really good job and again the task force headed up by the vice president, has been tentative. No I think the u.s. is not a very good job on testing. We had to change things that were done. That were nobody's fault. Perhaps they wanted to do something a different way, but it was a much slower process from a previous administration and we did change them. We made the changes, but the testing has gone very well or when people need a test, they can get a test when the professionals need a test when they eat test for people they could get the test. It's gone really well, look the biggest thing that we did was stopping the inflow of people early on, and that was weeks ahead of schedule weeks ahead of what other people would have done. In fact, other people mostly would probably not have done it even till now, and that's made a big difference. I think the people are doing a fantastic job. In fact, just today, I'm an inside governor, Newsom, Gavin Newsom in California, said tremendous is an article just came out: they had it inside and showed it to the Senators and I showed him other articles too, where governors Democrat governors are saying, we've done a fantastic job, Gavin Newsom said: there's not a thing that he's asked for that. We weren't able to get him. We all are, but it was a very positive statement. Many Democrat governors have said that the task force and the federal government what we've done has been terrific well, this was unexpected. This was something that came out of China and it hit us in many other countries. You look at the numbers. I see the numbers with just by watching you folks, I see it it's over a hundred different countries and it hit the world and we're prepared and we're doing a great job with it, and it will go away just stay calm. The way we want to protect our shipping industry, our cruise industry, cruise ships. We want to protect our airline industry very important, but everybody has to be vigilant and has to be careful but become it's really working out and a lot of good things are going to happen. The consumer is ready. The consumer is so powerful in our country with what we've done, with tax cuts and regulation cuts of those things. The consumer has never been in a better position than they are right now. So a lot of good things are going to happen. Thank you very much.