Clong and speaking, people of the seunggi's and squirrel First Nations to start I wanted to present the schedule for the week today. Obviously, we're at 10:00 a.m. on Monday from Tuesday to Friday, we'll be at the briefings, will be at 3:00 p.m. they'll all be taking place here in Victoria at the press gallery theater to our broadcasters, who created a pool video system that reduces the number of cameras in the room. We thank you for doing that and for smaller outlets who are unable to join the pool, a reminder. You can stream video of our news conferences in real-time on the BC government, Facebook and Twitter feed, so that information that video is available to you on Monday on today and tomorrow. Dr. Henry and I will be briefing on Wednesday and Thursday to leave just dr. Henry and on Friday it will be the two of us again. We are, as you can would expect us, especially for dr. Henry, trying to reduce travel in our own circumstances and totally do absolutely necessary travel. So that's what the briefing schedule will look like this week. In addition, there will likely be a special briefing session, which will involve a background and a pre briefing on specifics, involving modeling, which we will which modeling of kovat 19, which will inform you of in due course, and with that for today's briefing I want to introduce dr. Henry. Thank you and good morning. So, for today we have a number of new cases, we're reporting on the cases that have tested positive. Since our last briefing on Saturday morning, the number of new cases is 48, giving us a total number of test positive cases of 472 here in British, Columbia of those 248 are in Vancouver Coastal Health, a hundred and 50 in Fraser Health 39 on Vancouver Island 30 in interior, Health, Region and Phi in northern Health. Region of those 33 people are currently hospitalized and 14 of those in hospital are in the intensive care unit. In addition, we've had three additional deaths over the last two days: one a resident of the Linn Valley care center, one a resident of Harrell Park, unfortunately, and another community dwelling resident in the Fraser Health Region. So we're very saddened, of course, by the passing of these people. On a more positive note, we have finally got enough testing and the symptom resolution back to to be able to say we now have a hundred people who have been considered, recovered and released from isolation, so that is a really good thing to be able to put that on our books. Finally, as I have mentioned, many of the people who have tested positive had been very, very mild illness and have been recovered for some time, so the criteria for being able to allow them to come out of isolation has finally been met for most of them now. In addition, we have six now a long-term care facilities that have been affected by Ovid 19, the Linn Valley Care Center. We now have 36 residents and 19 health care workers who are affected. Their poly burn is the same. The Harrell Park has increased by a few we're now. I have 10 residents and 12 health care workers who tested positive at that facility. We, the two new facilities, are the German Canada hosts in Vancouver Coastal Health, where one staff person has been affected so far, and an outbreak response is ongoing at that facility and the Delta View long-term care center in Fraser health. Again that one staff person was identified as positive and full outbreak responses happening at that facility as well. We have been working diligently and our lab system and, as you as we've talked about over the last week, it has been a challenge for the lab to keep up with the volume of testing and we've done over 18,000 tests. That you're aware and the backlog of testing that had accumulated over the past week and a half is mostly resolved and we're hoping it will be completely resolved by the end of today or tomorrow. So that is great. We've also ramped up the capacity so that we're able to test as widely as we need to. We have changed our criteria for testing, as you know, to focus on healthcare workers on long term care on clusters in cases in the community that are not linked to travel, where we recognize that for the large number of people who have travelled back to to British Columbia from outside Canada, the self isolation is what they need to do, even if they have mild symptoms and they do not need to have a test. In those cases. We will be posting, of course, the testing numbers as well on a more regular basis as we in the coming days. I also posted I presented some information about both the testing curve, but also what we call the epidemic curve with the onset of illness on Saturday, and that information will be updated on a daily basis and will be posted on the BC CDC website. I know there has been some certain expressed that you know our change in our strategy for testing means that there's a bunch of cases that we're actually not getting to or that we're not recognizing in the community. And while we do recognize that people who have symptoms and they've had an exposure may have this disease, it doesn't mean that everybody needs to be tested, but we will be posting what we call epidemiologic linked cases as well. So if I'm in a family, for example, and one person in the family has tested positive and I, develop similar symptoms and able to be managed at home, we don't necessarily need to test you. But we'll call you a case. An epidemic ly linked case, so we'll be posting that information as well as we get that information going in our in our epidemiologic summaries. So that will give you a better sense of the numbers of people who have been affected by this disease here in BC, so that there has been as I'm sure everybody in this room is aware. Monumental changes in the past week across British Columbia across all of our communities, in trying to put in place measures to physically distance people and ensure we're doing everything we can to slow down and stop the transmission of this virus in our communities and for the most part. Despite what we've been seeing on social media and some of the concerns that are expressed, people are doing their part, but we cannot let up, and we do need to be sure that we're addressing some of those issues that we have seen with people congregating in groups and often outside, where it's very visible, so I'm again ensuring that people that it is okay. If you are not in self-isolation, yes, you can go outside, but go only with your family members in small groups maintain those distances. It is important for us to keep our health and mental health going as well through this, and we also need to maintain essential services and I know. There's been some I've been receiving reports that people are confused about what they need to do and how they need to do it. But it is incredibly important for us that all of us can manage this only by making sure that we have essential services going. So things like our grocery stores are essential. Our banks, our pharmacies, but we need to have safe measures so that we can all get the food that we need and get the medications we need in a safe way and I know many many places are taking those measures and I'm really heartened by that, so we'll be working with them to make sure that we have those things in place to best protect everybody, but continue to be able to to support each other and to work on and ensure we have what we need to get through this next few weeks to months. I also want to talk about the importance of doing these things to protect our health care workers and our health care system. As we know, health care workers are really the heart of our response to this pandemic and they face risks both in the community and at work. So those community measures we are taking are incredibly important for protecting our nurses, our doctors, our care aides, the people who work in all of our health care facilities as well. In addition, as you, as you know, we have a number of long-term care homes that have been affected and we know that people in long-term care are of the most vulnerable for having severe illness with kovat 19. So the the health authorities, particularly here in the Lower Mainland that are most affected, will be implementing additional measures that long-term care and I know that this will be a challenge for some people in our community, because you will not be able to see your loved one as simply and as easily as we have in the past and I know. The long-term care homes are going out of their way to try and put in provisions to allow you to connect, even if you're not physically present. We also will be screening long-term care workers, as they come in to work every day and providing clear guidance on the use of personal protective equipment to protect themselves. Their colleagues and our patients, I also am appealing to my colleagues in health care that we need to really have a heightened awareness of our symptoms. We've been saying from the very beginning that many people, especially young healthy people, which most of our health care workforce is, can have very mild symptoms and we can pass it on to each other when we're in the break rooms when we're working together on the ward and we can pass it on to our patients. So we need to have a heightened awareness of even very mild symptoms and ensure we take the physical distancing measures that we need and are able to maintain our services in a safe way. And so I mentioned already that we shared the epidemiologic curve and more info information will come. But we still need to work together to flatten this curve every day that you and your family stay distance from others and follow the important things that we talked about from the very beginning of this cleaning. Our hands regularly cover your mouth. When we cough enhance cleaning measures in our community and in our in our homes. The more that we do, this, the better prepared we will be for the coming days and coming weeks, and we must do everything possible every day to protect our communities and protect our loved ones. So, thank you very much. Dr. Henry and dr. Henry noted that we're announcing three more deaths today that that brings a total of people, who've passed away as a result of covin 19 to 13 and I just want to start by taking in a moment to acknowledge this and knowledge its impact, the lives they let in the grief and pain felt by their loved ones, and you know every day at the briefing we report on numbers, but let's not lose sight of the truth that we're speaking about people they're, our neighbors they're, our friends, the people of our community and, on their behalf and on behalf of those of all of us in the community. We need to have to beat back this disease here in BC must do what needs to be done. We need to go in all in 100% for them and those we love. We need to fight the fight and that's the fight. We're doing now I wanted to note, as dr. Henry has said, four hundred and seventy two cases in total in British Columbia, that's 240 48 in Vancouver, Coastal, Health, 150 and Fraser Health 39 on Vancouver Island, thirty in interior health and five in the northern Health Authority. Dr. Henry talked about the extraordinary work being done by all of our partners, who are involved in testing we've done in the last couple of days, each day record numbers of tests. So every week you'll have noted from February 28th to the present we've essentially doubled or more the number of testing the total number of mount of testing we've done the previous week. That will happen again this week and we're at I think in the range of about 3,300 to 3600 a day with respect to long term care. I just emphasized the most important measures, we're taking the measures that have been taken by health authorities in the province and led by dr. Henry or some of the most important measures we've taken. We know that the significant impact of of transmission and long-term care and those measures, those measures- are some of the most important that we will have taken and will take and I want to acknowledge, in particular, the role of of our health care workers and those that represent them. The BCNU and the HEU, the Health Sciences Association, the BCG. U QP local 873, the resident doctors of BC, the doctors of BC, the health hospital Employees Union has engaged with us and and others in in an effort to put into place the orders of dr. Henry and her colleagues, and they involve a huge reorganization in the province and I think that Union has just done exceptional work in doing that has been committed, 100% both on the part of their members and on the part of their residents. They serve and I'd like to recognize that today, I'd also like to note just as an example of one amongst many, that our health care workers have done that 22 nurses 22 volunteered to go in and assist at the Linn Valley care home, which is an extraordinary thing. We've talked about acute care capacity. I just wanted to update you on on that acute care capacity, we've increased by by activating surge capacity, we've increased the number of beds available in the system by 1234 and so in since March 20th, when I announced numbers about about the availability of beds, just to put it in context in the pre kovat period this time of year. Our bed capacity would be at a hundred and three point: five percent. It's currently across the system. As of yesterday at 4:30 as 68.6%, there is a change in the available beds of 3632 available. In addition, the critical care bed occupancy capacity, critical care beds, which have also increased in numbers in the last few days by a hundred and seventy seven are at 50 5.7%, and this is an extraordinary change, I think in in our system and I think one that one that we need to acknowledge, because it is also a very significant challenge when you talk about the availability, essentially, three hundred thousand six hundred and thirty two beds and three thousand six hundred and thirty two beds, excuse me available or empty. It means that hospitals and I talked to people both working and in a hospital. This weekend are feel empty, they feel quiet and obviously they feel as if they're anticipating something that's about to come and so that, needless to say, is a source of anxiety and I so admire the work of our acute care, those working on Q care, as well as and long-term care and in the community for the extraordinary work that they are doing and I think we all have to recognize that we're going to continue to identify ways to increase available capacity in acute care, just as an example designating the new summit at Quadra, village and Victoria's a hospital so that those that there's 320 beds there. The main purpose of that is to help move residents, people who are called ALC patients are alternative level of care patients out of the hospital and into the care. So that will mean delaying for the moment. The move of people from existing care homes to the summit, a Quadra village and the opening up of that space so we'll be moving and creating more even more space in Vancouver in southern Vancouver Island in acute care, so that it's available to everybody. Finally, I want to say this: I want to just echo dr. Henry and first of all, thank so many people in BC for the extraordinary changes in their lives that have taken place really in the last two weeks and in an accelerated way. In the last week. I think people on the whole have been extraordinary. There's a lot of been a lot of focus on on people outside, particularly on Saturday, at least in my experience and I've talked to a number of mayor's today. The experience of everyone that had lessened considerably on Sunday, and we continue to need to do that. The measures that we've taken in long-term care of special importance in that regard and I just want to note and highlight them and I want to say as well that that we have to engage in this fight at a hundred percent. And that means maintaining the essential services that are required to continue to function so that it is absolutely essential for grocery store workers to go to work and be available. Work for the rest of us to be able to follow whether it's supporting people who are in self-isolation are supporting a much more limited social engagement, and- that's that's, that's very important, so we need those essential services at work. Most people make comparisons between jurisdictions. Just note that in California, for example, the the industry sectors that have been excluded from from what sometimes called in California lockdown represent about 65% of the GDP of California. So just to put it in context, we absolutely need the food and the medicine and the other services that keep our society going and allow us to implement these extraordinary measures. These explorers from dr. Henry that change our society and I I think that continues to be an important thing to do. I think we need to flatten the curve you'll see. You know that we know that we're preparing for the circumstances that are before us and that's why we've made these historic, unprecedented changes in the acute care system as well, so we're not just we've just not made extraordinary changes, we're preparing for the weeks that are to come and the scenarios that are before us and we're doing that in a vigorous way, but so much of it depends whether that is enough depends on every single person out there engaging 100% and what they need to do as individuals to make to stop the transmission of this virus in British Columbia. Thank you very much and we're happy to take your questions all right. A few housekeeping items please thank you to those who joined us by phone. We will start with questions on the phone first and then come into the room. When you ask your question, please limit it to one question only and if time permits we will come back for follow-ups, so started questions on the phone. We're gonna go to David Molko from CTV News go ahead. David hi there good morning, dr. Henry, Minister, Dix I, wanted to ask you about the dental conference we've been talking about last week in the week before. Have there been any more confirmed cases or any confirmed and additional confirmed cases or deaths related to the conference and how is contact tracing going with with that outbreak situation? Yeah so that, as you know, the the conference was on the fifth sixth, seventh, so we're past the incubation period for people. From my understanding we have at least 20 people who are associated with that that conference and I know there are at least a dozen in other provinces across Canada. So we have, we think, identified those who have been positive, and so anybody who had symptoms and was followed up on from that conference, we've identified a number of contacts and some of them have gone on to develop disease as well. So it is, you know it's one of those things that in retrospect was bad timing and not not a good thing to have happened when it did, but we can't change that now. So, yes, we are actively connecting with everybody who became sick and following anybody that they had contact with during that period of time. I don't have the exact numbers on the cases I'm, sorry, that the contacts and the numbers of contacts but I know that it's kept. My colleagues, the health authorities busy as a reminder to those on the phone. Please unmute, your phone are, you will not be audible. Next we have Lisa. Houston is 1130, go ahead. Lisa I know that the concerns that we have or that people in public have is that other people going around and seeing people still out in public. What is your greatest concern right now? Yeah? So it's not so much. We have stopped most of those places where people are are getting together and the risky situations where there's lots of people coming together, sharing food spending time and in closed spaces. So I, you know it's less of a worry and I think it's actually important that people get out, but we don't want you to be doing it with your whole neighbors. We want you to do it with yourself in your family. The people that you live in the host with so that you can maintain some distance, but we know this virus is mostly transmitted by close contact and mostly indoors, so it eases your family and friends that you're most likely to have it to transmit it to so, we need to be aware of that. I am aware that there are still some large gatherings happening like weddings like funerals and I've. We've talked about this before those are situations where it's we have seen quite wide transmission that this virus, both here in Canada and in other in other countries, so even small gatherings. We need to have measures in place and one of the reasons we put the order for 50 people was that you can usually put more stringent measures in place, but things like funerals. We need to be able to do those important rituals, those important measures in our lives in a way that's safe for everybody, and we can we look to our religious leaders, but we need to look to our community about how to do that and I know. A friend of mine was attending a funeral of a loved one this weekend, and most of it was virtual and people were able to then be part of the conversation and the celebration of this person's life without having to be physically together, and we need to focus on those things. Events like weddings if we put people at risk, if we are thinking that older people in particular, should be coming together for those very joyous events. So we need to find ways of doing those that minimize the number of people they get together and have close contact over a period of time and I know. There's been some events where people have traveled from the United States to be part of these events. That can't happen right now. We need to protect our communities and our families. Next question comes from Jennifer sultanan at the Vancouver Sun hi dr. Henry you'd, explain the rationale behind testing, but is there any concern that, because there's a large number of people who have symptoms or may be ill who aren't being tested, it's resulting in a relatively small number of cases and it may be affecting how people are behaving and may be promoting the spread of the illness and also because you've worked through the backlog. Are you expecting a jump in the number of cases in the coming days? Well, we have seen the numbers being reflected in the last few days over the last week, really as the backlog was gone through so I, don't actually think that it's very challenging with something that you can't see and that many people have mild symptoms to reflect the challenges and the difficulties with this disease, so it is spreading in our communities. We know that we know it's spreading in communities around the province and that's why it's so important for all of us to take these measures. The testing that we're doing is actually fairly widespread. We're doing you know thousands of tests a day and we are showing a number of positives every day and the testing is really focused on the areas of highest risk, so we're focusing on health care workers and then long-term care homes on hospitals, making sure that we're catching those but there's also quite a lot of effort going into catching clusters that aren't related to travel in our commune. And we continue to do the baseline testing of influenza surveillance that that we started a number of weeks ago. So I am confident that we have a sense of what is happening in our communities. But it's hard to get that message out and and yes, we know there are hundreds of people who have returned from travel who are at risk of developing this disease and that's why it's so so important that they self isolate for those 14 days, and many of them will have mild symptoms and they may transmit this disease even with mild symptoms. So I can't stress enough how important it is to have those physical distancing measures to stop us coming together and congregating and passing this on as a way to slow this down and slow the transmission down in our communities and just at us where we're we're concerned, we're obviously concerned about long-term care, and that means we're concerned about our healthcare workers in the times they're in the community and in the times they're in long-term care, and that this is what we owe to them as well and I. You know it's been commented that some of these terms, the terms distancing and so on, are new terms. Stay apart, stay at least 2 metres. Apart stay, if you're in the Imperial system 6 feet apart, stay apart, when you're outside it doesn't mean you can't go outside in other such as California people are allowed to go outside, but what is essential is to maintain that distancing, that's where it becomes important, but if you've seen the measures that have been taken with respect to long-term care, you know that we're very very concerned about those who are vulnerable. Today, dr. Henry announced 94 people, who's, who's, Cove in 19 has resolved and that I think the total is now 100 cases so for people who have mild cases of Kovan 19 and follow the rules and stay isolated, and then they get better. That shows that that's one group of people that the group of people are obviously concerned about every day and who everyone should be concerned about every day is particularly our elders and those with other vulnerabilities, be they chronic disease or others who are vulnerable in our communities. We have to think about them and act for them and every single day, and that's why we need a hundred percent compliance and the most important thing one. We said since the first press briefing in January is if you're sick stay home. If you're sick stay home, we need people who are well to do essential jobs such as working at save on foods and so on, they're, essential jobs, and this we need them to do that. But if you're sick, no matter who you are, you have to stay home, and that is the most important lesson for all of this. That's what makes all of this enormous effort, the massive ramp up and testing we've done here. All of the work that's being done in the healthcare system. The virtual supports we put in place. All of this is made worthwhile when people follow these simple orders from the provincial health officer. Okay, next up we have Abby Wong from Tsingtao, go ahead, hi, dr. Henry and mr. Dix. There are many doctors and nurses being online or to some media that they are facing extreme shortage of medical resources. Some community groups are volunteering to collect resources from other countries like China, but they are also facing challenges like CBSA charges, them taxes or even just return the resources away. Could you give us some details on how the shortage is in our house system and what your suggestions are to those who want to help? Thank you yeah. So that obviously has been something that has been top of mind for many weeks. We are not aware currently of shortages in our system n-b-c right now, but we are, of course monitoring that very carefully on a day-by-day basis, and we have shipments coming in. We've been working with our federal partners so that there is large purchases across the country that will be supporting us in terms of groups wanting to help. The challenge we have is that the equipment, the PPE, may not be the right thing for our health care setting, and that has happened in a couple of cases where people have men and well-meaning but have delivered things that were not were inappropriate. So we are working through our federal counterparts to make sure that everything that is needed is asked for and is coordinated is done through our federal counterparts to make sure that we're not spending a lot of time and energy and then ending up with something that's not appropriate or is unsafe. Absolutely. First of all what we want to say thank you to all the people who are supporting their friends supporting their neighbors supporting their community right now we have received significant offers of support, many of which we've taken up and we are going to be expanding in the safest possible ways. The need for volunteers, particularly the support seniors in the coming in the coming days, but, and so what dr. Henry has said, is absolutely correct. We can't all be discussing these things outside of Canada, that that is being organized by the federal government measures to bring supports in equipment in from outside of Canada, and it's important that we get the right equipment, but we are also extremely appreciative of all the offers of support, all the offers of help all the offers of personal service, many of which, from from caregivers from unpaid caregivers in the community, just happen every day, covin, 19 or not, but are really important today. So we wanted to say thank you to everybody and say that also be patient, that sometimes it's impossible to take up people on offers and that all of the stuff the internet done internationally, is being organized through the federal government for obvious reasons of efficiency, and so we're not all going down the same path all at the same time. All right. Next up, we have Simon dick Simon Dingley from CBC national go ahead Simon. Thank you very much, dr. Henry and Minister dicks, following up on miss Wong's question about international donations. Here in Ontario, they set up a website asking for donations of masks and ventilators and Center. All doctors are actually running drives for personal protective equipment, what's being done to ramp up supplies in BC if the demand searches. So we have a. We have a centralized process here for doing that. That involves all of our hospitals, all of our health authorities and we've been actively monitoring that getting that going we're working, as we mentioned with our federal counterparts on that so I'm not aware of the one of online things. I know there are some concerns being expressed in social media here in BC and we're working very hard to make sure that people have what they need and the appropriate things that they need when they need it. And just apropos of that, we want to relaunch I know. Dr. Henry would agree with this relaunch our call for blood donations, which is very important at this time because of the impact on activity that will has and will have an impact on blood donations and so I think it's 188 188 to donate, but they have obviously strict procedures in place to ensure everyone has kept safe. But we do need people to contribute blood and if people are looking for a way to contribute that is- and they are not in isolation- be clear that that's an extraordinary way for people to contribute to the life and the health of everyone in their community and waters. Bc today, sort of related to the medical equipment stuff we're starting to see people making, masks and sharing categories and fabric recommendations and all kinds of stuff for just people who are going out in the community. Can you tell us anything about how effective those might be and whether you have any concerns around people, maybe having a false sense of security, because they've made themselves a mask in are able to go outside, so the cloth masks aren't known to be effective to protect you. They can be effective in keeping your droplets in so for those people who are having mild illness need to get a tent, seek medical attention or whatever, then those could be helpful. The other thing that we're seeing, of course, is that some distillers are developing alcohol-based hand sanitizer, which I think is a great use and they do need to meet certain criteria and the the the LD be here has some put out the criteria that they need to meet to make sure that it's has enough alcohol, so it needs to be at least sixty percent sixty to seventy percent ethyl alcohol by volume to be effective. So those are the types of initiatives that can be really helpful in our community. Your friend check news, dr. Henry I was just wondering you know. For the weekend we heard all the stories about people ignoring the mostly social, distancing and I'm, just wondering when you look at the statistics across the country. The other people still think that they are immune to. This are what are the statistics for any reported illnesses for people with any training under 20 and just over 20, and then I also was so just wondering the baptistin anecdotally, you see a lot of stores into people going in and grocery stores are an essential service. But often there are a lot of people in there and it's difficult to maintain social distancing. How much should they be taking a look at just reducing the number of people going in yeah? So maybe we'll talk to the second one. First, yes, I think there are really important measures. We need to do in grocery stores and pharmacies, and it depends on the the setting. It depends on how big the store is, but we need to be able to keep those physical distances within those important services as well and I've noticed, at least in my neighborhood and in many places that I've been walking when I've had to go up and get groceries that people are doing that they're lining up. They have markers every 6 feet and there's somebody who is making sure there's not too many people, and so it will vary by the type of store and the size of the of the outlet. But I think those are really important measures both to protect the public, who needs to go in and get things, but also to protect staff there. And there are other measures like ensuring the cleaning making sure that there's barriers in place for some depending on how how wide your counters are and how much space you can. You can keep. So those are all things that are reasonable, I, think and we're seeing them, and people do that. I do want to say that there's there's been I. Think a lot of concern expressed a vote. Can this be transmitted from my vegetables? If somebody coughed and touched my vegetables and and or can it be transmitted through the package that gets to deliver to my door and the the answer really is no, but you do need to wash your vegetables for a whole variety of reasons, not least of which is this, and of course you need to clean your hands. So it's not going to be something on your vegetables. That's going to make you sick, it's when you touch them and then touch your face, so the importance of washing your hands and cleaning your hands after you touch things. Is it you can't be overemphasized as well in terms of young people. We've seen this around the world when we've seen it in Italy the data from from China to start with, and they had very few people under the age of 19 who got sick and very few, and there was only a single death and a child under the age of 19, so that even tells us that most young people get very mild disease. Having said that, particularly some of the information from Europe that we're seeing now, people in their 20s and 30s can get very sick with this, they can end up in ICU. They can have a severe pneumonia, it's not a very for some people. It can be quite a serious disease and we know that people end up in ICU in that age group as well. So we cannot minimize the importance of it. But the other really important thing is that people in that age group bring it home and they bring it home to their parents and their grandparents and their aunties and the other older people in their lives, or they may have very mild symptoms and bring it into their workplace. And if you are a healthcare worker, that could mean a hospital or a long-term care home or your patient office, and and that's where the risk is, of course, of passing it on to people who are more likely to have severe illness or death. So it's incredibly important for young people to take this seriously for the protection of our of both themselves, but also our families and our communities. Right. Yes, so the numbers that we've had here in BC are will be posted again. I showed them on Saturday and we'll be updating those as we go. Okay, we have Keith Baldry from Global News go ahead, Keith dr. Henry. We had cameras in the Downtown Eastside last night and it was the usual chaos, no evidence of physical distancing, no evidence of much police presence or any type of officials. How do you deal with the situation like that? Or is it actually possible to deal with that? You know I think we need to look at it in a holistic way. I mean this is where people are living right now and unfortunately, for many. That means on the street in a park, so we need to be able to support them in in taking what our reasonable measures and I know. There's been quite a lot of work with the City of Vancouver, with Vancouver Coastal health and with all of the agencies that work in the Downtown Eastside to make sure that we try and provide the supports that are needed for people to take precautions, to make sure that, if they're, using the overdose prevention sites that you know which are actually very clean because part of the whole process of using those facilities is, is cleaning the head and and after each use. So you know there are measures that are in place. That may not be overtly visible. There's also some plans to ensure that if people do start getting sick in that community that we're able to to support them and care for them safely. So it is a challenging situation, as we all know, and it's not just the Downtown Eastside. It's. You know that the community, that is under house and homeless, and people with issues with substance use and here in Victoria, in the interior, in the north and all of our communities, and there is an ongoing work to try and support them as best we can and that's true everywhere, especially in Vancouver Coastal, Health and Fraser health, but also communities such as Prince, George and others. This is an important focus of our work and you will have heard from the minister of housing, Selina Robinson and the social development or Shayne Simpson on Saturday about some of the work that's taking place to prepare and ensure that people are protected to the maximum possible degree, but obviously both with Vancouver cosel's in the city, Vancouver, the Downtown Eastside as a priority and any area where people who are vulnerable live together has become a priority for us. That's obviously key for seniors, but not just seniors, but for other communities where people live together and are having challenges because of all kinds of other things that existed before this came in maintaining maintaining the apartness that is required to protect all of us. Next up. We have moira Witten from post media, go ahead and Myra good afternoon, dr. Henry, you guys everyone to limit gathering to one or two people that work camps in northern BC are still hosting hundreds of people, even though some have reduced their staffing. What's your medical opinion on the safety of these operations to continue, and will this permission to do so change yeah? So what we have we're talking about different things, so those work camps are places where people are living and working and we have given direction about the measures that need to be in place to protect people in those environments. So it's around enhance cleaning. It's around monitoring it's around, ensuring that there is space available and that stricter measures are put in place to reduce the crowding and the moving together of people. So you know spacing people out while eating meals. Things like that. So there are guidance, that's been provided and will continue to be provided and I'll. Note that you know WorkSafe BC has been helpful in some of these areas as well, in giving some very direct advice on how to maintain these in a way that is safe. All right, we have Richard Sussman from Global News, go ahead, dr. Henry I'm, just wondering I'm just wondering about whether people are being advised or they concerned about the conception of children. At this time and and also separately. You know, you've mentioned all the things we've seen on social media people not properly physically distancing. What can you British Columbians that see this do like? Should they call the police? Should they inform authorities like what should people do if they see people breaking the rules, yeah, so I think we need to be tolerant with each other and we need to have some understandings. We may not know the situation, but if we are seeing large groups coming together and having a neighborhood party, for example and I know, that's happened in a couple places, then you know it may be appropriate to involve the police in terms of not only things like noise, but also breaking the orders around public gatherings. So I know a number of municipalities as well are looking at putting in place measures for for people in public places, but really we're not seeing a lot of that. We're seeing people coming to that recognition and there's been a transition over this past week. It's these are. These are reflect on the the monumental changes that we've asked society to do and takes a while for those to sink in, and it takes a while for people to really understand that. That means me too. So we are encouraging people to be kind in how they address this, and when we ask people to do this, for the most part, people are doing the right thing and that hardens me not only that, but many people are coming together to look at how as a community, they can maintain those social connections for people, whether it's elderly people who who we do really want to protect and stay home or whether it's providing services so that health care workers can can get to work effectively. So there's a lot more good out there than than concern. Go ahead. Rob hi I'm, dr. Henry I just wanted to get some more clarification about people who are self isolating because they just have a call like I just did and can they so go outside if they maintain safe distance I realize people who our diagnosed I really believe they have. The Koch mid-nineteen should stay indoors and sort of self quarantine, but when do I decide to go out because, like cold is better, do I have to do the 14 days? Can I go up there as long as I maintain my distance go for a bike ride here and just what the guidance is there? It's on that on the BC CDC website. You know what is the difference if you are have any symptoms, no stay home stay in ask for help if you need it from your neighbors from your family from your friends, but we do not want you going out if you are in the quarantine period and you're not symptomatic if you're recovered and you're in that period, where you no longer have symptoms, it is okay to do some things outside, so that is going out by yourself a bike ride a run. You know, but not in places where you're going to come in contact with other people. So it's not okay to go to the grocery store. It's not okay, to go in a taxi. It's not okay to do those things! But yes, it's okay to go with your dog in the backyard or to walk your dog in a secluded place by and by yourself and maintaining your distance from others. Those types of things are reasonable. Okay, just a couple more questions: attention Fletcher from CBC, you go ahead: hi I'm, dr. Henry su the first of all just clarify whether any discrete us today are associated to that dental conference and how widespread the infection rate is within that conference, but also by March thirteenth. Two Fridays ago, your message to British Columbians seems to ship from these years being at low risk of contracting the disease to be in to the more extreme measures were seeing today. So what exactly changed then yeah? Well with respect to the dental conference. I actually don't know the attack rate in that conference. I know of the cases here in Canada, but there were 14,000 I understand people from around the world, so it is very likely in my opinion, given the number of cases we've seen that there were more than one person who was there who was ill and that's part of the epidemiology and looking back so I, don't actually have I can't tell you how many people, what the attack rate was in that conference, but it certainly had an impact on people here and know that the three deaths today two were related to the long-term care home and one was a an elderly person in the community, not related to the dental conference that I'm aware of in terms of yeah the world did change. It changed on March 12th, my our understanding of what was happening globally, really dramatically changed and I. Think. If we look back on our discussions on the eleventh, the tenth and the eleventh and then March 12th, it really was a realization and it was part of discussions that we were having in our national advisory committee. Understanding the w-h-o data and numbers that were coming out, and particularly the realization of what was going on in our in the United States and in countries like France and Spain and Italy I mean we had been watching Italy for a while, but recognition that the Spain and France and Germany were all dramatically increasing. One of the things that really struck home for me was looking at some of the genomic sequences that we have and realizing that all of the later ones that week were related to the genomes that were published in Seattle and Washington State, and having a better understanding from my colleagues in Washington state. Just how widespread this was in their communities across the state. So yeah it changed and we needed to change quickly. And that's why you saw we introduced some very strict measures, things that I in my 30 years of actually working on pandemic planning, never actually thought. I would ever implement things like travel restrictions and closures of schools and and the physical distancing measures that we're requiring of everybody right now, but but we've seen the devastation that this virus can have on our communities and our families, and these are the measures that we need now just to say that I think the work by dr. Henry led by dr. Henry and Steve Brown since January has been extraordinary and at every stage the decisions have been made based on the science, and so we've been taking measures since January. That's when our emergency response began, you're quite right, March 12th was an important date and especially in the period leading up and around that to what was going on in in Washington State and the evidence we were getting around that which is obviously significant to all of this. But every time doctor Henry makes an order. It's based on the science. It's based on that on health care considerations that are vital for people, and that has happened consistently and that's meant change after change and including in the last weeks that have been dramatic changes. We're going to continue to operate in that basis, because I think that's that's what makes people the safest and so when, when dr. Henry asks people and then orders, people who coming back to Canada to Canada to stay at home, that's based on the science and that's protecting your community and it needs to be followed at 100%. We said since January if you're sick, stay home. That's based on that science and that's important, and that means it has to be followed and all of the other things from washing your hands. The decisions not to have places where people congregate, such as restaurants and we've seen community centers and all those other places that are no longer functioning as they did before. That's based on the science as well and that's how we're going to continue to operate with passion and vigor, and so when such an order comes and when such advice comes for us to be successful together for us to have to be able to have the acute care beds we need and the ventilators we need and the systems we need to treat those who are sick and to have sufficient them. That depends on all of us, following the advice from dr. Henry and from public health care in this country at 100%. Okay, last question is from Adrian Blanc from CBC Radio Canada go ahead. Okay, Clarita peers adrian, has actually dropped from the queue: okay, Thank You Gigi news on Ananse and shall we count with cat the Cova Disney from Columbia Brittany from total the captains for Saunders car uncle me Brittany TP Dupree, not a counter-current with the police, the peanuts with Daniel declasse, understand event in mouths Newsome at least eight and I'll. Say casinos on this CD. They sweet the covetous nerve or limb valley care center and O'hara. Park Center, even resident resident of the Fraser corrosive receive a and threatened or a domicile new present on at say to a person or famiiy a ozo person, Hazama Dupree janvier, the present: oh, no, condolence, her famiiy AME family, new vaca and passing light energy on Santa German lady in care, centered on Horizonte, the Vancouver Coastal. You note it in travail, absent a detective. You care central resident resident, a the Fraser chakra Jesus wanted La Colombe, a botanical, McNally passionate and the covetous nerve. This on current weed, Castroville Vancouver, Coastal stance, encanta fraser from nervous allele, the Vancouver Toronto lent area, a single, no, the priestly. The total dick at the covetous nerve front were persons on actual no hospital is a Carol katha of sentence. When sentence intensive is result ASEA some a domiciled easily Newsome redundancy, because some person song some passions Tassie on some person, attend the covetous nurses on written ratably. Do some ploy easily in resort world puke the swamp, say some person, yeah gravity, la situación, petrol, susie estimate in new some oncological asian fest, -, stupid proof for suit nearly safari visa, a brazilian transmission. Merci, beaucoup and I think yeah. Thank you. Thank you.