Hi everybody welcome to the National Press theater prover. Second surprise at the camasta, the Declaration double Minister Tang of Sutra Minister I, do assume dr. Tom. Merci, merci de ba a Buddha Trebek news, Matt I, thank you for being with us here this morning. Come new Lovano, Seiya offender, premiers e Laguna, Madre Canada, a security list service, Donovan, Oh, Pooh, rabbit really, candid sensitive about Grand Princess killed, Wally vape, Rita, Oh, Audrina, lapa Dolan, a California said this is not appraisal. Estrada man Giovanna mod digital journey, the rapid, really resources at Roger, Abbado scenario: USA declare a UN, occlusion Zhukova, dezhnev news about robbery on it. What collaboration? Avec, no partner, America offender, Cyril torpedo, no Kennedy a new Canadian. The pure happen map possible Eve dama, the face on security, levan, f transport valley passage, a the Oakland Zoo scale, Abbas the first Canadian a Trenton. We see their new service with even we assume e int oniton Ducato Zhu Li passage a foreign object, dip stars, the symptom Ava, the mantra about the leper, a sill present, a symptom in assume OPA, Oh, Teresa, Motaba, al fey, op little obsession, elevation, Plaza prophecy, offender determine a representative seda Marshall, astrologers, ma la mobilization, evilman's Canada, facile, actress Rekha, with his nerve and C, cannot Edward collaboration, avec la venom, American poor, limited la población virus, an American or the sweaty apostate. The location does Audrey Parker and for immersive to leap eternally functional the pseudonym San Francisco, Los, Angeles, polakov I. Didn't you afraid deputy laura petrie man? They can as a sort of about grand princess, Oh domina. They sister polka, play at to leak energy Eric, an agent in Oregon Audrey. A key are visage Ida plasma, the lamp of towns. The planned will attend the concert: a no zvo Voyager II de Sol registry o producer business clips on the Canadian ecology. I find the reservoir leader Nia, mrs. Ruth Varnum of Canada Kasana local business lasts until a security they can agenda. Canadian tar, ope, Calatrava Dom are not anymore. So, as we announced late yesterday afternoon, the Government of Canada has secured the services of the plane to repatriate Canadians on board the Grand Princess, which will dock later today in the Port of Oakland in California. This decision was made following a request from the government of the United States to repatriate foreign nationals aboard the ship, which has experienced an outbreak of corvid 19. We have been working in close collaboration with our American partners to ensure the return of our Canadians as quickly and as safely as possible. The aircraft will transport passengers from Oakland to Canadian Forces Base Trenton, where they will be assessed and quarantined for 14 days. Passengers will be screened for symptoms before boarding the aircraft. If they exhibit symptoms, they will not be allowed to board and will instead be assessed further to determine next steps. This illustrates the commitment and mobilization of the Government of Canada in the face of CO vide 19 crisis, as well as our close collaboration with the US government to limit the spread of the virus in North. America I would also like to take this opportunity once again to thank officials and partners, including those from our consulates in San, Francisco and Los Angeles, for their work over the past few days to support the repatriation of Canadians aboard the Grand Princess in closing. I would like to remind all Canadians which are watching us today and who are considering traveling of the importance of taking the time to consult our travel advisories and to register with the registration of Canadians abroad service in order to receive the very latest updates from the Government of Canada regarding kovat 19, the health and safety of Canadians both at home and abroad, remains our priority. Thank You Minister Oshiro tooth messy death. Avec nous la plan present a parliament for champagne, vanilla, serve a Kalamazoo, necessary swamp lands for continued laverra's news. Yvonne, please set. This is your cottage a tool, a Canadian. As with our previous repatriations, passengers will be screened for symptoms before boarding the plane. If they exhibit symptoms of kovin 19, they will not be permitted to board. They will be cared for by the US healthcare system and our consular services will remain in close contact throughout the duration of their illness. All returning Canadians will continue to be assessed for symptoms of Koba 19 through a 14 day, quarantine at CFB, Trenton, and of an abundance of caution and to ensure the health and safety of all Canadians. Each repatriated, Canadian or family will be housed in separate accommodations to reduce potential exposure to other quarantined individuals, and if quarantined individuals remain asymptomatic throughout the 14-day quarantine period, they pose no risk to others, and they will be able to return home. We will monitor their health and we will make their stay as comfortable as possible. I'd like to thank the Canadian Armed Forces at CFB Trenton, the staff of the help health portfolio, the province of Ontario, our partners, helping on the ground, as well as our chief Public, Health Officer, dr. Tam, for all of their hard work and dedication and I now like to invite dr. Tam to say a few words on the public health assessment of Kersey's, Thank, You ministers and good morning. Everyone, as usual I'll, begin with a brief update on the evolving situation globally and cases in Canada globally. There are now over 110,000 confirmed cases in over 100 countries in Canada. As of right now we have 71 confirmed and presumptive cases of kovat 19 reported nationally, including 34 in Ontario 27 in British Columbia for in Quebec and 6 in Alberta. Most of Canada's cases include travelers from an affected area or their close contacts. In addition, colleagues in British Columbia have identified two cases of Kovac 19 in residence of a long-term care facility as part of their investigation into an individual who contracted kovat 19 in the community. New cases in Canada also includes six individuals connected to the first leg of the Grand Princess cruise ship voyage, who were on board between February 11th and the 21st. Given that cases of covin 19 have now been identified amongst passengers currently onboard the Grand Princess, any asymptomatic individuals repatriated to Canada will be quarantined for 14 days. We are also aware of a Canadian work, Ovid 19 in the Dominican Republic. This individual was a guest at a hotel where one other case linked to Italy have previously been reported. As a result, we have identified travelers who stayed at the same hotel from February the 22nd to March. The 7th and I've asked them to self isolate for 14 days. As a precautionary measure, I've asked Canadians to think twice about going on cruise ships. Today, the public health agency of Canada is recommending that Canadians avoid all cruise ship travel due to Cove in 19 cruise ships have passengers from around the world who may be arriving for areas with known or unknown spread of the novel coronavirus. The virus can spread quickly on board cruise ships due to the close contact between passengers. All the people and people with awaken the immunes or underlying medical conditions are at a higher risk of developing severe disease because of the ongoing expansion of kovat 19 outbreaks worldwide. For the time being, the rest of the general population within Canada is still low, but this could change rapidly. We are most concerned for Canada's vulnerable populations. It is very important for all travelers coming to Canada to self-monitor for symptoms of kovat 19 for 14 days and avoid places where you cannot easily separate yourself from others. If you become ill stay home if you're, sick and call ahead to health lines or public health authorities before seeking medical care, we must all do our part to reduce spread of kovat 19 and protect our most vulnerable groups, including anyone in long-term care facilities and our hospitals as well. The risk of infection is increased for certain settings, such as travel to the most affected areas, international conferences, large gatherings in enclosed spaces. So we continue to work closely with health authorities internationally across Canada and at all levels of government to assess the risks and keep Canadians informed on what we can or do to keep healthy and protect the most vulnerable amongst us. Thank you. Milk Co minister, dr. Tam among voters, come liberated new, come on South Africa, Lapointe soul, evolution de la situación, non Lamond, le ke, o Canada down Mount justice on this mill cattle, a melody on a taken fear made on posters on PE, o Canada. A la actual London Horizonte owns conferred me accusing me, the covetousness Alicia national SWAT Ron cotton Ontario when set on Columbia tannic Catco Quebec hisses on Alberta Donnelly predictor is a cheat the tax on key on voyage, a download the AirAsia on to shape with the tax on key on you, the contact it. What Raquel the place they collect on Columbia bucatini on a dock if he decried the covetousness Shelley resident Anita, please MA! Thus, when the long do gay, Don, Eladio del or on ket relative event, acts on a young constructively malady Donna community, the new vocal Canada come friend, Eagleman suspect, Sun, kisses rubaba, the nevere grand princess to owns event in favor, a lock de la première partie de la croix Sierra come de cada covetous nerve on 80 y da TV family packs on history of actual ma, a Bogdanovich grand princess to the person asymptomatic, kiss our intrepid trio, Canada Swami's on cap Anton, Pavan period de catorce jaw you serve on Eagleman concoction division, Canadian ETA, the covetousness of Republic Dominican, said toxin, see Johnny a lot. L will not recur liaison Italy avid Asia. It is senior a loser van Donck identify the Voyager, jo j-o memo, tell the vendor February or set max a locks up on the Monday, the sizzle, a panic attack, Joe Buck Missouri, the precaution on the mondo can enjoy the being upon, say, avant le on quassia ojos de la jostle, Asante public to Canada or a c'mon; okay, no g, DV, Tahlequah, sia on reason: the covet business, the quasi arrest, Praveen, Deepak - done mom a probably aggravated invasion, :, say: uno column, Nouveau, coronavirus, subclip are so darn a purse up robbery rapid mo a bogdan, a via the quasi air, on razor on the contact it. What entre de passage a little son, LJ le persone the only system, a miniature ETF, ably wookie, present a problem. The Santa Suja saw some consider a come 802 service. The malady graph calmly pedometer covet Disney continued as a grape and rode on Mount, I love, actual yoga school Canada polar population generally Feb Mela, situatio Povich on G, rapid mom, nunu preocupen, scepter depopulation, villainy acabo, Canada, yonder, Monmouth, now, apparently present in Westcott exposition, the OCO Vedas nerve, the limit, a lady plasma, a divot, a default later, bhakta the to leverage, Voyager Kia, vivo, Canada, the surveil, a symptom, the covetous nerve panic at of ja. Ich is David tu, t'en dois, with epiphyseal mo Sicily desert recede dvn, Malad, cristela, Mesa Silva, said Malad a communique Begley Lin and for Santi ELISA targeted the salty public avant the Consul T in medicine, user, Von, Tussle role as a privateer, the propagation, the covetous nerve, a protege I personally prefer near AB. The not a population ecomp researches on hospital is a rookie visit done is ETA. Please Mundus went the long dear a pariah. The wrist affection, a pilgrim non certain context, not upon the voyage on occasionally Pluto che. They come for us enter nasira, Allegro's even more kiss on chain done is a space clue new continue on discovery on it. What collaboration a vet Lesotho et de la santé, Alicia national international, in secret to lizard Kodagu värnamo, offend, evaluate a risk in the general population Canadian and form a DiMaggio canoe Pavan to stronger for de Moreno Santi, a potentially person leepu venerable maxi, guys. You know the drill. One question: one follow-up question for dr. Tam: the situation in the state seems to be developing quite rapidly. You have a lot of people from Quebec coming back last week from March Break in the States next week, as much break in Ontario. Undoubtedly a lot of people. We go into the states at what point given what's happening down south. Do you think about a travel advisory parts of the states? Well, we continue to monitor the situation. You know on a very much an ongoing basis right now. If you look at our advice, it would include all the areas in the United States that are currently experiencing cases as well, so as I've just said that all travelers, no matter where they come from, including the United States, should be aware of this kind of information on which is linked to our website and, as I've said, that everyone who comes back into Canada should self monitor for symptoms administer. Champagne. There's no doubt that if Canada did issue a travel advisory warning against travel to certain parts of the states that would upset the white house, how complicated is it for your relationship with the states to have a potentially unhappy president Trump for Europe when you're working through these issues may be clear. I mean it's science first and from day one in Canada, thanks to dr. Tam and Minister hadoo and the whole of government, we have been guided by science. We have been guided by the World Health Organization advisory and we're continuing to work with our five ice partner. In the case of the Grand Princess. As you could see, we have been in touch with our us colleagues to make sure that not only we protect the health and safety of Canadians both at home and abroad, but we also are mindful of how we can protect North America from the spread of the virus. I would say our relationship and our interaction is going well. It's it's almost daily at all levels of governments to make sure that we protect the safety of all Canadians. The problem dogs, renomii, lap person yeah, like it's only less Susan, tilma Linares Canadian Association appear in the city, pampanga manone, the papaver I told you you see, 160, please, dr. Tom maple cover returns. You seen on top our Daniel Isola quasi APIs. Cafe this man killed a group problem, the quasi it had not fast last discipline, a lot quite to stall about the abuja le pont, wiser, the bas-reliefs allah dr. tom patel upon professor mommy. Let's rap ask like an adorable easy to return and appealed abuse governor virus new summer contact illegally, a casino partner, a literary subordinate, rebounds, cursor, swath, dark, on-demand princess was Audrina consiguen princess week. Liz Authority Canadian provide the conservatory Tamil can only premiere on olive Rama, the PE evacuate, American chilli premium user process. Repair example kill this document. They can agenda Canadian, surface rap, Inman, Park, Yong, ki, repetitive, a leak, energy le Canadian personally Daniels estimations mama Colin a via ferrata ste, the veteran also swap when the Trenton Sankar kendama time, I love, wa lakin as a document that is authority American, which would directly Canada it'll premier plan. The response model potentially can has a notion: machinima literally appetite McHale Agnes, a doula dr., Tam Buddha, a jutsu vodka Co. Why did it take so long before giving advice against cruise ship travel because we saw what happened in that cruise ship in Japan? It's been weeks, so why? Just today, I think we provide advice to all travelers, no matter what setting, but, as you know, that the global situation changed quite rapidly, even from the time of the Diamond Princess cruise ship. To now many more countries and they're affected was at that point in time there was not as many but we always have to learn continuously from the experiences that have taken place, including that of the diamond princess, which is why I think the moment that something was noted in terms of cases on this particular cruise ship international communities acted rapidly, so I think is really a constant learning from the very rapidly evolving situation, and I think that this is a precautionary measure that we absolutely support from a public health perspective joycie one huh, thank you about the passengers on that on the latest ship. You said that those who present symptoms will remain in the States and be treated in the United States. So do you know if they're going to a military base in quarantine? Is it a civilian hospital and what kind of agreement do you have with the Americans? How many days will they keep them there? How will they be treated? Do you have specific agreements with the US about that? So yes, so in terms of passengers that are currently symptomatic, those passengers will not be allowed to board this plane. We're working with the US authorities right now to determine the severity of illness that people might be experiencing, whether or not they can isolate self, isolate for 14 days or longer, depending on their symptoms. How will how will work through supporting those folks and I know that consular services is working very closely with the individuals that are affected and we'll have more to say as we work through those details with the Americans, but we have been very clear with our American partners that we expect that those Canadians receive the appropriate level of care and, of course, we'll be in touch with them as well on the health side and about you know, a canada's critical care facilities. So we know by covering federal provincial conferences. The provinces have told you in mississauga lately that their health care system is in need of more funds from the federal government. So I'm wondering if our critical care facilities across the country are ready to receive, should there be a big outbreak in Canada? Do we have enough respirators? Do we have enough capacity or for testing or kits testing kits or whatever it is that we do have and do we have enough beds? Do we have enough people? Do you feel really confident that your healthcare system, as it stands today, will be able to handle this so two parts that question I think it's very important that we don't confuse the requests of provinces in terms of general health transfers with what we are facing right now, which is the potential surge on demands? It is a significant difference, so, secondly, I think it's important to know that these are the conversations we've been having both through the health ministers and now with the prime minister and premier. We are very alive to the fact that some provinces are indicating that they have they have deficits, and we are gathering that information, and we have said all along that we will be there as a federal government to support them with the resources they need, whether those are financial resources or practical resources. You mentioned kits personal protective equipment. Ventilators, dr. Tam can speak a little bit about the components of the testing kits, so we are in the process right now of ensuring that we understand where those potential deficits will be from province to province, and we obviously have supply on hand of some of the materials and are doing the assessment right now with provinces in terms of what their particular needs are, as it relates to a surge in capacity related to kovat 19 did you want to add anything director -? We have a federal provincial territorial, special Advisory Committee on covert 19 and as part of that, the discussions there we facilitate and coordinate discussions on supplies from the provinces and territories, including laboratory networks as well. So all provincial laboratories are connected together with our national microbiology lab and they have not indicated any issues with supplies right now, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't proactively plan for what the escalations are up and coming. So this is a very sort of ongoing ongoing assessment in terms of supply requirements, but, as you see in provinces, have done an incredible job in expanding their testing in Canada we blue wires, which is cristy current recession, reservoir Kelly rescue ephedrine Evo the preparation time. Thus at a public, 8, Tegel doing province alone, skd province key, you don't explain it. The person went back to de 10. Mr. sharp engine was certainly true in English I'd like to know if the level of preparedness from a province to the is the same at this point and was there any requests that were made by the provinces at this time? That is underway right now and I have a regular weekly meeting with my counterparts, health ministers- and this is a standing item on our agenda. We've also sent out formal letters, as you know, to the provinces and territories to let them know that we are here for them and that we are preparing federally in terms of what our anticipated demands might be, and also to advise me in terms of what other needs they have. As dr. Tam mentioned. This is happening at the technical level as well, and I know that the Prime Minister has written to the Premier's and has reminded them that this is going to be very useful information. As of this time, provinces and health ministers have said that they are grateful for that support, that they feel confident that the federal government will be there to support them if they see an anticipate, an anticipated surge or if they have specific challenges around needs that they may feel that they have a deficit of Howard. Did you want to answer that? French a little technique continue. I'd say it was more vague, normal of the province. It was from dr. Tammy Constantine committee, a consultative special vector limitation, Eastern chef de Provence. It's a 12 I just got on ru de Bona description, Oakland province, our senior Lakey in problem over capacity just got that meal continuity, no conversación, AC Jamie over gamma D. On this way. Only to the Prairie shell, national. The government idea got a support le province, e-ticket well answer: I. Think what I'd like to tell Canadians is that your officials and your politicians are working incredibly hard to be ready. Should we see a surge in any community. This is top of priority for all governments, including local governments, and so I want to thank all of those professionals and the leaders, political leaders that are taking this so seriously and doing that hard work. This is the work that has to happen undoubtedly, and it is happening and Canadians can be assured that the people that are in charge of these various health systems are extremely hard, working and working very diligently to determine their capacity and their readiness only do any automated avatar kdrama the education. We see a police at the Krishna, the majority please por su read when you Canada all effectively: Navarre example: a museo de la mala Canadians, the Grand Princess, now scram aside exactly dr. Thompson's Posadas Ferran Evo una volta depo, it's Akane bodies of Sierra Nevada, nama Pascal are Japan's casa, rosada certain reports a tune, reponse ki, kya, karu Tonio federal-provincial is a remem them in spanish shuriken swap upon for what case. Impala, do an even amount to draw a trend of guerrilla music Pavitra Mesa, plus Citroen Special K value on it and show comfrey maggini Pahlavi mayor Monique, open task, a compound, a surrealist artist security. They can agenda can attend, say the Tula Canada he can attend. Ok, the Mastrocola premier link set at tsuki of the service porch workup acrylic energy, which wave them after the service may discover a source of a personal corner advocates for 30 minutes. Francis also seek knowledge. We know a patrimony, Kennedy Christian Mary vested interest in gender minute Allah. Yes, not many. Reporters good morning, Christie Kirk will put The Globe and Mail. You mentioned off the top that the travel advisory specifically to the United States that there's no no plan change there. Can you just help us to understand why that is? Is it because Cova 19 knows no borders, and is that kind of part of the approach that you're giving the the public health advice? Because you know this can can go anywhere at this point, advice or travel notice is based on the existing data. So, of course, we will be monitoring every part of the United States like we would any part of the world, and but we will, our advice would be focused on specific area of the United States, as opposed to the whole of the United States, that that would be the most appropriate approach so right now, none of them are an increased level of travel health advisory, but that doesn't mean that it couldn't happen. It's just that it's right now, I mean, if you can't compare you know, maybe another country with much higher cases than what is happening in the United States, but we are taking the precautionary approach to warn all travelers. As I've just said, and dr. Tam I heard what you said on Friday that people should think twice about getting on a cruise ship today, you're saying public health agency is your. You know kind of going further to warn Canadians against cruise ship travel. The government obviously announcing this weekend your Patriot and Canadians that are stuck on the Grand Princess. If Canadians decide to maybe not take the advice of the public health agency, are you still going to order up a plane and to go get those Canadians? What's the policy in place specifically around also taxpayers are involved in dealing with this very sensitive situation. Now that the advice has been issued to not go on cruise ships, are you still gonna gonna go and get them if they're in a situation where they need some help? Well, first of all, let me be very clear for all of those watching at home. This is going to be done at a cost recovery basis, so I have talked to the CEO about in America, and we have agreed that that the cruise line will be will be assuming the costs of the plane to repatriate Canadians. So this is done on a cost recovery basis and the cost will be borne by the cruise line. In the case that we have obviously as people watching at home, we have to look at the situation case-by-case. This is a very exceptional circumstances. First of all, we had a specific request from the United States government. We are dealing in a cruise ship environment and everything we have learned, as dr. Tam said so far- suggests that we take measures which are exceptional and we're also acting to prevent the spread of the virus in North America. So these circumstances I've led us obviously to take a specific set of actions. If you compare the case, what do you learn in Italy, for example, in Iran? There is still a number of commercial means for Canadians to get out of these regional areas, where obviously there's an outbreak of the coroner virus, but you're quite right to say that, as we have said, the Canadians now that the advice from the public health agency of Canada in ministry and the whole of government is for Canadians to avoid travel on cruise ship. People would be on notice, obviously of the danger associated with getting into a cruise line at this stage, and therefore we will look at cases on a case by case basis, because all of them depend but I would say on this one. There were a number of exceptional circumstances which have led us to work with the u.s. Authority to secure a plane, and this is being done on a cost recovery basis in accordance with our discussions with the cruise line, balancing, as you see, Patrick Lana damnit. What happens? Mr. sharp angle, Cisco Pam avoided McNally German secret police during quasi at what rent zero a part of the madnes SIA digoxin quasi therapure, boo, hiss ppl, who develop optimally and just a follow-up I. Don't remember he answered this, but on the quarantine in the u.s. who is paying for medical treatment in the US for those people would it have to be their own insurance? Is that the US or is a technique of Ehrman civil permissive at Panipat, silica, snow Japan's case existence except like Jamaa McLeish, Authority, Canadian, Navy's, Licio, Gelli, Canadian d'ivoire extreme include our Savannah McEachern quaza, Japan ski leaves. Akeno gondola Maison complain: Cosmo ma la vivienda, new Navy, formal Kherson, upon a later edition, the voyage appraised at Muskogee, solar, rapid crema and is a solar, Grand Princess six abide fair hakuna apollo governor mods can a dusted, Le'veon, kiss off Lucas sel, afraid Moffitt assumed a lack of initiative. The Holland America set a new inner circle on it. F acid is circumstance: exceptional cerveza de Bona vendôme, an expressive and American keen on Monday the rapid, really Canada Canada bar. There is a mountainous, Nov Ranma, the quasi view calmly, dr. Timothy, o Napoli, the second specially quasi. It was a Mona's repo, prevenir la propagation virasana me Regina, cecilia, vittorio de lys, kopaka measure, Pascal's odds, really Kennedy a consult, a busy the records they really planned. Voyage people have wada quaza. On the question of Canadians, who are symptomatic that you can't travel first, I will say that every situation will be different and we're assessing right now. What people's personal situations are, how ill they are, whether or not they will need to be hospitalized whether or not they will be able to self isolate. You know, potentially in a hotel, but I will remind Canadians that when they travel and adverse events happen, that that is why we have things like travel, insurance and other kinds of precautions that we put into place when we travel, because unanticipated events can happen, regardless of whether it's an illness or other kinds of events. Obviously, the consular services will work with each particular individual to assess their their circumstances, but our anticipation is that those individuals will have to you know, work with the consular services and and hopefully draw on the resources that they have put into place as travelers. My other question is sort of a technical question. Maybe it's for you, Minister I do in in a situation where the it would become an epidemic. Where is the jurisdiction? Is it federal or provincial to decide if there were to be a quarantine for a city or for an area? So I'll answer briefly and then I'll turn to dr. Tam? We work very closely with provinces and territories and local municipalities to help them do risk assessments in terms of the kinds of social distancing measures that they'll take, including the potential of quarantine or cancellation of events. For example, we now have we've had obviously documents that are available to all provinces, but there's a link now on our web site on the front page that includes access to the risk assessment tool that local communities can use. If they're considering canceling events are closing down public spaces, but that is largely in at the discretion of the jurisdiction and in which the the event is being held, so whether it's at a local level or provincial level and I'll turn to dr. Tam. To just add a few words about that. No that's correct, I, think at the federal level and the public health agency we provide guidance and technical support, but every level of government have their own acts, Public Health laws which allow them to enact any number of these range of public health measures, and it is important I think that you do look at the situation from the ground up and the measures have to be balanced against what's going on on the ground and you can't sort of blanket a whole geographic area for with, without really paying attention to the details on the ground. So I think the key is that at the local level, they need to understand they're, happy, demillo, jaques situation, if you like, and then act according to that data, so I get dr. sakeena verdict at some aluminous cavity, design-y asthma, a la sistema fan and I confronted price I'll urge them to do that. Thank you for bringing it to my attention. I'll make sure that that happens. Thank you.