Good afternoon and thank you for joining us, my name is Tina Tebow and I'm. The director of media relations for the province of Nova, Scotia I, will be your moderator for this afternoon's news conference joining us today. The Honorable Steve McNeil premier of the province of Nova Scotia, dr. Robert, Strang, chief medical officer of health for Nova Scotia go ahead premier, you know. First, dr. Strang will give us an update on where we are with Kovac 19 cases. Today, Thank You premier, good afternoon, everybody today we're announcing 17 17 new cases of kovat 19, bringing the total number of confirmed cases in Nova Scotia to 68. Like the others. These cases were travel related and connected to earlier reported cases. We know that several of the new cases are connected to groups or families who had returned to Nova Scotia following travel outside of Canada. None of the cases are from spread within the community of the 68 individuals. They range from under 10 to the mid 70s two of the individuals have now we can report that there have fully recovered from Cova, 19 and they're not considered resolved. One of our cases remains in hospital to date, 2772 Nova, Scotians have been tested and with negative results, and then, of course, we have the 68 positive results. I think it's important to understand that we actually anticipated this. We knew that we have large numbers of people traveling and that would be coming back this week. So this I see this is actually while we're concerned about the cases it also to me, it's an indication of what we put in place is actually working that we knew people would be traveling potentially exposed. We set up systems to require isolation immediately upon return that we set up systems through people could get telephone advice online and then telephone advice rate, 1, 1 and then get directed to testing centers promptly with appropriate infection control, and then we would manage those people with with public health follow-up and identifying close contacts. All of that is working. The fact that we are and I want to thank Nova Scotians, who are adhering to the requirements around self isolation, so, on average, we're seeing are just a little under two for each case, a little under two close contacts for each case, that that tells us that people are adhere, and we know this from our follow up. People are adhering to the self isolation and there and and most of many of the contacts that they're having or within their household. So what we're working? What we're doing is working two minutes minimizing the potential for the spread of Kovac out in our communities. So I want people to understand that we anticipate the numbers, and we put things in place, not naive, that we are gonna, continue to see new cases and we may well see some community spread, but everything we're doing is built around MIT and controlling that spread as much as possible. Minimizing the impact in Nova Scotia we're in a position where we're we're further behind two by two or two to three weeks and some of the other larger provinces and and that the things we are putting in place is actually at a time when they can make even more of a difference by minimizing community spread. Bce Ontario Alberta are challenged because they're putting in the strict measures when they're further ahead in their epidemic and it's much more difficult to get a handle on things. So my main message is that we are at a place that if we all do work together and and apply our personal protective measures, our social distancing measures, all the closures that we put in place. If we stick with it for the next few weeks, we have the opportunity to really get out in front and stay out in front of this and minimize the spread and the impact in Nova Scotia. It's critically important that we keep doing what we're doing. We have good systems in place, but it depends on all of us to do that. We all want to just quickly. We all want to stick with our social distancing, which is really the key messages stay at home as much as you can avoid closed contact with others. If you do want to go out, have one person go shopping? The first sensual needs if you're, just social distancing- and you want to go out with your community by all means- go for a walk, go for a bike ride, but respect that social distancing and don't get together in groups more than five for those who have been have been told because of travel or contact with a case that they have to self isolate. It's stricter, but we, if you can, if you have fortunate to have a yard or about canoe, you can go out within your home environment, but it also recognizes that lots of Nova Scotians don't have that luxury. But we really asked it's important that you stick with that. If you're self isolation, you really tightly need to stick within your home and people who are multi-unit dwellings again I recognize how much of a challenge that is. But we asked you to be creative and we asked your neighbors your people who live around you to support you and not be criticizing each other and and and and viewing each other in a negative way, but find out. How do we help people who need to self isolate? How can we help them? Maintain that self isolation we can all do by working together and I'll, say it again in a sense of caring for each other, in building a sense of community and by using some common sense, and if we all stick with it, we can make a huge difference here. This is really challenging times. We're the Prima and I are fully aware of the imposition and the challenges of what we put in place and what it is requiring people to do and there's also. This is a fearful time. This is. This is a situation that virtually all of us we've never faced something like this before it's okay, it's understandable! That's the natural that we're that we feel afraid about this, but we need to recognize that and then how do we? There are several things we can do with that fear. First of all, is gaining a sense of control, we're at the things we're asking people to do social, distancing, hand-washing, personal protection that allows you to get some sense of control that you can do these steps you're doing them, you're protect yourselves and others. So we know that, from from psychological research that having a sense of control, there's a way to help manage that fear. There are other ways that we need to. You know don't be afraid to talk talk to each other about it, be open about how you're feeling reach out for help. We have lots of in today's with phones and virtual means. We have lots of ways we can connect with each other. It's important that we continue to do that and support each other. I just want to end up by saying I, just to point out that there I we do have a couple of resources of people are feeling really challenged. We are working to get more information on kind of psychosocial supports on our coronavirus website. There's also the mental health crisis line, one eight eight, eight four, two nine eight one, six seven and the kids help phone 1-866-931-6190 now we'll work is not social gathering on construction sites, for example. If soap and water isn't available hand, sanitizer must be made available. Workers should self distance, some call centers are still up and running. They are essential and they've changed the way they work for now we will continue to allow our essential services to work. We are just asking you to work differently for those of you who have specific questions or need advice around workplace health and safety or labor standards. You are encouraged to reach out to the Department of Labor's safety branch and those numbers are available in the government's Cove kovat 19 website and I encourage you to take advantage of those if you have any questions specific to your job, site or workplace, and with that we'll take some questions again. We'll take questions from the phone line. We'll take one question and one follow-up, we'll start with Jesse Thomas from Globo go ahead Jesse. This is just regarding community spread. I. Guess we've been asking about that for several days and we've just been getting calls here on the newsrooms of people with symptoms, and you know, they've got the fears that you guys were talking about. It may be been a dozen people just calling global alone, but you know in the community I'm wondering how many tests now that we've ramped up to 400 have been administered for specifically community spread tests, not travel related tests so where our testing is mainly still focused on travel related. But, as I said yesterday, we are we've already started testing contacts of close cases and we're- and those are some of the results that we're reporting today we're getting those results in anybody who requires a hospital care where it's clinically appropriate. So they have the appropriate symptoms. We are testing for Kovan 19. We haven't had any of those come in that way, we're also looking for indicators of clusters of respiratory illness, though, as I outlined yesterday, we get daily reports on the percentage of people coming into emergency with flu-like symptoms, we're looking for outbreaks. You know: we've had a recent outbreak in a long-term care facility of some other respiratory virus, but we made sure that we were testing for kovat 19 in that circumstance, and we'll continue to do that. We're also looking very quickly to how we move into other use our assessment centers to perhaps start to look at how we test other groups of individuals that may not have traveled but have symptoms. We have to remember two things that we still have influenza C, we're still in influenza season. That's not over yet so lots of people who haven't travelled who have flu-like symptoms, there's a good chance. They have influenza, not kovat. We also have to make sure that you know we work with in our lab capacity, we're working to rapidly expand the lab capacity, but we also can overwhelm it by having everybody coming in to be tested. So we absolutely know and we're actively working on expanding in the community testing and and and and if, if we do get indications of actual community spread, which would mean that we have a case that doesn't have a link to any anybody. That's related to travel. If we, if we start to see that we will certainly be bringing that forward and include that as part of our regular updates Jesse do you have a follow up question. Thank you, doctor Strang I guess the virus doesn't know borders per se, but we've kind of got this inter provincial border crossing set up and people who cross it have to solve, isolate I guess my question is: will a traveler say from New Brunswick who cross the border? Would that be considered community spread and just clarification? Have we tested anyone for community spread or that zero test right now? So we don't test people for community spread. We test them to see based on symptoms, as we do our Public Health follow-up. We we we get details on where they have traveled or not and, as I said, all the cases so far are based on. They have had a tray history of travel outside to Nova Scotia and the vast majority is travel outside of the country or they been exposed to. Somebody has traveled in a household setting is jet in generally, so all our cases are that are can be at this point in time linked directly to some some travel outside of Nova Scotia. If we start to identify through our follow-up of cases, people where we can't make that link, that is the indication of community spread. We haven't seen that yet, but we're rapidly expanding our testing, so we can test more Nova Scotians who haven't traveled, we're probably going to see some of that. We will we're open and transparent, and we will be talking about that if and when it happens, but everything we're doing is by rapidly identifying cases testing. Their contacts also will minimize the chance of, even if there is somebody in the community that we don't know where they've got it. We can rapidly say jump on that case and and test all their contacts and put them in strict isolation and then and then get their results so through public health follow-up, where we're well aware of the need to to move quickly unknown cases and isolate people and test them, and that in itself will be helping to prevent any further spreading communities thanks Jesse next we'll go to John McVie from the Chronicle Herald go ahead. John medical volunteer firefighters. Because of concerns. So I've heard those reports, I am I, haven't been involved in any conversations like that, but I have full confidence that are that are my colleagues in the NF and for in first response. Emergency emergency, responders accommodation, review, Police, Fire ambulance are working through this together to make sure that Nova Scotians, who need prompt medical attention are going to get that medical attention. We have a very. We have a world-class I'm, a paramedic service in Nova Scotia, that is that has stood up and is fully part of our health system response and they do work in close collaboration with police and fire. The follow-up John returned from travel on February 21st, so so February 21st and then what was the date of March 12? So that's that's more than 14 days and so that that's really outside. If somebody as I said we're still in influenza season I, don't know the details of the case, but somebody who gets sick with flu like symptoms, which is how you present with kovat beyond their 14 days. A possible exposure would have some other respiratory virus Thanks. Next we'll go to Shana luck from CBC go ahead. Gina, hello, I'm, wondering doctor Strang. You talked about last week, the status of a homeless or vulnerable population working group and their efforts to create a response plan. I'm wondering what details you can release about that response plan and and when will we have more I? Don't have any details that come to me. I know the deputy ministers leading that work are working rapidly with the with the organizations like shelter, Nova Scotia, we'll take that back and have some conversations about potentially bringing that forward. The number of the departments have been working with Mayor Savage here in HRM and his team to help support that vulnerable population. Do you have a follow-up question? Shana yeah I do I'm wondering- and this is for both dr. Strang and the premier. How are we doing in terms of getting health workers, access to supplies like masks and hands on sanitizer and ventilators and as well? What are our options in terms of turning to supplies like distillery made handset hi, sir? Can we do that so we're well aware of that. So, as we outlined yesterday there, where there is a we're participating in a national bulk procurement process, so through the department of health and wellness, we are working with a number of partners in the healthcare sector. Our health authorities, family doctors, offices, we're working. Even though dentists offices are closed, except except for emergency they're, all identifying what their needs might be. We put that into a common process of what we need in the health system. That is we're, and then that goes into the national procurement piece that is underway. We also we have left over from h1n1. Actually, we did have a stockpile here, nova scotia, so we're using that to supplement our existing current supplies. We're also getting lots of people reaching out to government industry saying we have certain amounts of materials and how do we connect? We do so and we're also reaching out for across the school systems and other who have identified that they have supplies of personal protective equipment. So there is a coordinated approach to reach out to the in the federal process to reach out across government as well as to coordinate any any of their businesses that are reach coming into governments, and we have something to offer. So it's been working with inside of government as dr. Strange's said, for example, in education and 95 masks, we've now to identify a number of them. They're private sector entities have reached out as well with some of their equipment. We've looked beyond our own borders, not just dealing with the procurement process with the national government, we're using our own networks that we typically would order through and other contacts around the globe to identify whether or not they have access equipment there and the national government is putting together a made in Canada a program that would allow companies that to retrofit themselves, to build ventilators here or equipment. We've identified a couple of Nova Scotia companies that can do ventilators and November that can also manufacture garments there in that process and I'm. We're hopeful that not only will Canada have a process to build our equipment that, but that nova scotia company is a big part of that. Next, we'll go to to tasha paste from CTB, go ahead and etosha hi there. The first one will be for dr. Strang we're just looking to confirm I guess in total, how many people have been hospitalized are still in hospital right now and if there is anyone in the ICU, so we've had two individuals, Hospital hospitalized and we one person remains in a hospital. I haven't been able to check on their current status where they were, and so we're also very careful about disclosing. You know clinical information of an individual, but we've we have had two in hospital. One remains in hospital: I do yes, it'd be for the premiere in terms of enforcement. Quebec and also New Zealand have now started arresting people who aren't complying with public health orders, there's still lots of people out and about I'm wondering if police need to be doing more. Do you feel like we need to step up enforcement, or perhaps the consequences for people not obeying, or are you happy with how things are right now? Well, police I know have been out around social gatherings work even on job sites, work sites identifying individuals, whether or not they are following the process. If they're not, they communicate that to them. They've had good response from from citizens to break up the social gathering component, but at some point, if this continues we're heading into a weekend, for example, somehow this continues I'm sure law enforcement recognizes they have the ability and the tools to be able to start finding. But at this point, they're working with them I would also tell you that you know there is that people are out in a boat. When you're asked to scifi late at home, you can be out around your neighborhood, you walking in that neighborhood. You know. People who have gone away and they're coming back and are, you know, are doing things in their community, but then they're heading home, like I, you know my family would be like many families across the province where you know someone's been identified to go to the grocery store and that person would be in a note and and so and as long as people are practicing protocols that doctors, training is put in place, the six-feet distancing, no social gathering. Do the proper hygiene will continue to be able to allow some activity to happen with inside of our province a lot of the economy, to move to a lot of people to get the essential services they need at the same time? Is we control this virus next, we'll go to keeps Doucet from the Canadian Press go ahead, Keith good afternoon question for the premier, I'm sure. As you know, the federal government has put in place quarantine or will put in place quarantine restrictions as of midnight on our borders. You took a somewhat similar step on Sunday. You said that some smoothing needed to be done. Can you give us an update of how it's actually working in the Amherst? It's going? Well, my understanding briefed on it this morning. Actually we have an essential service lane, a third Lane. Now that is allowing you know, trucks to be able to move through healthcare. People are moving through, uninterrupted, very positive. That way we have seen a reduction in traffic I. Think people are getting the message. You know if you're not coming here if you're not coming back home, if you're coming here to socialize stay home and if you're coming here back home, you need a self isolate for 14 days, and so the border work at the border is going well and my understanding the same thing at our ferries, the one in Digby and the one in North, Sydney follow-up question Keith. Yes, it's for dr. strong in terms of the numbers. Do we have any breakdown of where the people who were confirmed cases and traveled to specifically we're wondering about number of people who were in the United States I? Don't have that specific break breakdown? I do know, that's certainly a number okay or in United States, but we haven't broken that down with with with with specific numbers, I'm, not sure. That's really that important. We know that there is a covert 19 around the globe and travel anywhere puts people at risk and even that the act of traveling in and going through airports and an airplanes, but look travelers from around the world, put you at risk. So the main thing is that, no matter where people have traveled once they get home, they have to isolate very strictly Canada grocery stores and grocery stores chains are setting up to pay their workers more. Under these circumstances, any consideration being given through maybe doing the things for health care workers or looking at really ensuring that we keep our population healthy. That is working the essential service component and then looking at how do we support those Nova Scotians who have actually lost their jobs with no paycheck? There are families out here today where both both working parents have lost their income, we're looking at how do we best support them as we do this and then those that are working the essential service side, we will do all we can and continue to work with them to make sure that we maintain a safe workplace that they get the equipment that they required so that we can all get back to a level of normal life here in Nova, Scotia Cassandra. Do you have a follow up question premier on Monday? You said that if people have to drive to get their exercise them, they are going too far. We have heard reports of people being stopped by the police on their walk and being told that they work too far from their home, even though this is not drive there. So what are the guidelines exactly and maybe are some police forces getting the wrong information not heard of that situation, but the length of walk? All of us would be different lengths, I guess, but if you're leaving your house and walking and walking in your neighborhood, that's what we're looking for. What we don't want is people get in their car and drive to their favorite park, because the problem with that is, we can't control how many of us go there. We do know how many people live in a particular neighborhood. You can walk around that neighborhood, you wouldn't be congested. There wouldn't have the social gathering that you would get in parking lots across the province. Last weekend we were having traffic jams on some of our major beaches and in some of our parks. That is just unacceptable. That is behavior that will cause this virus to have community spread. That's that simple, what we're asking people is to use common sense walk around their neighborhoods. Yes, some are gonna walk further than others. I believe we're asking everyone to to practice the common sense, and that would include law enforcement when it comes to people walking. But we've not heard any any situation like that, but we've not put a restriction on the length of your walk, but it's just please do it in the community that you live in next, we'll go to Lindsay Armstrong from all Nova Scotia go ahead. Lindsay. The premier is the province, considering some form of financial aid for municipalities who are facing deferred property tax revenue in the coming months. We're working with our municipal partners and I appreciate the question it gives me a chance to say thank you to municipal and community leaders across the province, who have been very cooperative with Minister Porter and his department and with my office I. It is. This is putting pressure, obviously on municipalities as well, but we will work with them to find out what is the appropriate package for them, but we also have the issue of how do we deal with these small businesses that we've shut down? We also want to make sure that we can keep them somewhat viable so that, when we find our way through this, this challenge that we will be able to start those businesses up pretty quickly to get the economic part of our economy moving forward. Go ahead. If you have a follow-up, I'm sure, dr. stern I know that you mentioned that we've expected these cases to rise, they're rising at how long's you before we expect to hit a hundred cases. I'm not gonna speculate on the right on the rate on the rate of rise and when we get to a specific number I'm focused on an O being realistic. We can fully expect to see more cases. Our hope is that, as we actually get many of the people traveled back into those at Nova Scotia from March Break, we end with a 14-day incubation period this week and next week. We expect to see lots of cases and travelers if we're really good at everything we're talking about it and and by good. We is all of us doing it together. Once we get beyond that 14 days with the surge of people coming back from March break, if we're controlling the spread, we're. What we hope to see is then a tail off of that and have and the increase at least you know being minimal or plateauing if we're really good at this, but all that will depend on how effective we are collectively applying all the measures we've been talking about. Next, we'll go to Paula from CH any TV in study camp go ahead. Paula. Thank you for the premiere. Could you give me any updates from your ongoing conversations with the federal government about systems for seasonal workers, so not people who are in quarantine now, but who depend on the tourism and the fishing season, opening well part of the national package that went through the Senate today we're looking at finalized through the Senate today we're looking at what that means for seasonal workers in our province. We have the the federal government has said that no worker will be left behind we. We will agree with them and do everything we can to to see how this program would work. I think, today the Prime Minister announced a program that would be funding directly into families whose livelihoods been impacted by covert 19, so that would include those seasonal workers. Cuba follow up paula. Last week the department of fisheries and aquaculture announced collaboration with the other advantage promises. Could you tell me what I would look like in terms of fishery? Well, there's been ongoing talk with our Department of Fisheries ministers. Fish I spoke to premier King today, briefly through through text. We're gonna have a get together with our range call, with our other Atlantic Kramer's, specifically about the fishing industry. What does that look like right now, we're out on the water people are on the water. Some of our fish plants are so functioning we're processing product, that's coming in our big worry, is really price. When it comes to Cle to lobster, we need to make sure you know we need to have obviously a market which will impact that price. So we're very concerned, you know what that would mean to the economic future of Atlantic Canada I don't have to tell too many people what the the lobster and live fishery means to so many rural communities and we're working very hard to keep that food supply chain moving forward and we'll work with our partners in the Atlantic region to shore to continue to reassure lobster fishermen and other fishermen that will be out in the marketplace looking for them to get the appropriate price so that they can continue building and growing their business but, more importantly, employing some Nova Scotians and growing the economy of those regions. Thanks Polly next we'll go to Tim Bousquet from the hellofax examiner go ahead. Tim premier sunday, you've declared a state of emergency under the terms of the Emergency Management Act. It's it's no longer allowed for people to raise prices for a wide range of goods, including food, but I'm hearing from many people that prices are going up in the grocery stores and elsewhere on essential products, and you haven't said a word yet about price gouging. Since we declared the state of emergency, people were facing April 1st rent payments and people are very concerned about rent, so I'm wondering if you could address all that. First of all, I've not heard of any of price-gouging. We have. That has not been something that has been brought to to our attention at all. As a matter of fact, retailers across the province and grocery stores have been beyond belief when it's come to ensuring that the broad safety for their own workers, but ensuring that Nova Scotians get access to the essential products that we require. Whether or not those prices have changed somewhat in the in the past 10 days I, we had not heard that I've actually heard the opposite. Quite frankly is that stores have been very supportive of working with individual families and communities, and we will continue to monitor that and watch it and I would encourage anyone who feels that that is happening to reach in you can reach into my office and we'll do the inquiring for them in terms of the the rent here, you're very right, it's coming upon us very quickly. There are those whose income has been impacted by kovat 19. We need their landlords to work with them to ensure that they can help that family through I think the first unemployment check is is April 6th, so landlords need to be supportive and flexible of their tenants. At the same time, those of us who can afford to pay who've not been impacted by go above 19 who still have income, need to make sure that we pay our rent on time. These large commercial agreements with banks still have to be paid. We know we're hoping that we can see something from the big six banks working with the national government when it comes to commercial lending, not only on the on the on the residential side, but on the commercial side. I've said this many times. We need those commercial loans to be deferred and we need the. We need, the landlords of those of those defer payments to pass that on to the renters. And that way, what will happen is the restaurants. The small businesses will be able to weather this storm by deferring their rent payments, leaving some cash in their company, leaving some cash in their pockets for their families, and it will also allow us, then, when we come out of this, to turn our economy back on in a hurry. If we don't get that deferral, if they don't get that deferral, we're gonna see a number of these businesses go under, which means it will be more challenging for us to turn our economy back on in a hurry, and we will feel the pain economically coming of this a lot longer, but the collaboration between landlords and rent renters will will require everyone on both sides, both the landlord and a renter to come together in cooperation and work together to ensure that that building stays viable and that families aren't being forced out or having to choose between doing rental or buying groceries. All right, we're gonna shut the line down. There's too many people ask me the question: Tim we'll come back to you tomorrow. Sorry about that premiere go ahead, Thank You Tina, our numbers are growing and it is or it is a worry part of. Is people are returning from March break and the snowbirds are coming home, but we are among the lucky provinces where community spread has not happened, but let's not kid ourselves. It could be just a book. It could just about any time, but we have the ability each of us to control it. That's why we cannot become complacent. We must continue to follow the good doctor's advice. Wash your hands frequently stay home for 14 days. If you've traveled outside of Nova Scotia, keep your distance six feet or two meters from others and I know it's not easy. It's lonely and I worry about the isolation and what it does to a person so I, dr., Strang I, was so pleased to hear you talk today about encouraging Nova Scotians to monitor their mental health, reach out to the right channels. If you need help pick up the phone call a friend or check in on one another, FaceTime has become a lifeline, you may you may not be able to do a visit in person, but a virtual visit can be just as fun social media that sometimes focus on negative seems to I found a more positive place in our world. So many community groups have popped up known now as care mongering groups. People coming together to share to support each other and to spread kindness and love. Let's focus on that from inside our houses not outside you.