If I get Kelowna I get Corona at the end of the day, I'm, not gonna, let it stop me from partying. We've been waiting for Miami Spring Break for a while about two months. We've had this trip planned to three months. So, where does having having a good time, whatever happens happens with the bars being closed, you know we'll find alternatives. Unfortunately, it does suck at the bars and restaurants are closed, but we'll find ways I phone with my spring break. What is there to do here, other than go to the bars or the beach and they're closing all of it? It's really messy I, think they're blowing it way out of proportion, I think it's doing way too much I mean it sucks, but we're gonna make the best of it we're enjoying ourselves it's and I'm from New Orleans. So this really sucks, however, we're gonna enjoy ourselves. We haven't Day parties howdy, it's my birthday, st. Patrick's Day doing this bad. We need a refund. There's Morris ain't that serious serious. It's more serious things out there like hunger and poverty. We need to address that. Word is trying to roll with the white weirdest living for the moment. We're just going for we're just going to do what happens when it happens when self closes we're gonna do when it closes. But besides that we're just trying to have the best trip, we can we're just trying to make with what we have right now. Yeah I mean we putting this a long time ago and it was kind of up in the air if we were gonna still go but like we're here. I just turned 21 this year, so I'm here to party, so it's kind of disappointing, but we're just making the most of it. We met these other people in our little Airbnb spot, so we're just hanging out with them and trying to get drunk before everything closes. Everything's closed. A lot of restaurants are doing to go food and they're serving just the hotel guests, so they can obviously order food to the rooms. The beaches are closed from fish streets. 14Th everything's been closed for the last couple days now and that might be for a longer period of time. You.