We're looking at sites across the state to find existing facilities that could expeditiously be turned into health care facilities and again when I said, the federal response is very welcome. I want to thank the president. He said that he would bring the Army Corps of Engineers here they came here. The next day. I spoke to him last night to follow up on the meeting, so this is going forward aggressively. We're also going to take a bold action but a necessary action that offering 90-day relief on mortgage payments waiving mortgage payments based on financial hardship, meaning if you are not working if you're working on in part-time, we're going to have the banks and financial institutions waive mortgage payments for 90 days. That will be a real life economic benefit. There will also be a stress reliever for many families. Waiving these payments will not have a negative effect on your credit report. There'll be a grace period for loan modification, we're not exempting people from the mortgage payments. We're just adjusting the mortgage to include those payments on the back end, no late fees or online payment fees, postponing or suspending any foreclosures. During this period of time and waiving fees for overdrafts ATM credit cards, this is a real life benefit. People are on the tremendous economic pressure. Making a mortgage payment can be one of the number-one stressors, eliminating that stressor for 90 days, I think will go a long way again, we'll reassess as the situation goes on. If that should be extended or not number of positive cases, total positive 4000 number of new positive 1769. You see additional counties that are being added to counties that have cases the spread mirrors what's happening in the country. Just as the spread has gone through all states, the spread is going through. Our counties was downstate. First, it's now moving upstate New York now has 2,000 cases, Washington State, 1,100 cases, Washington State had cases earlier because it went through a nursing home. If you remember, but New York State has more cases than Washington State, more more cases than any state in the nation and I've made that point to the federal government and the president. He understands that if there's a state that needs help, the state by the number of cases is New York. In terms of testing we have tested now 22,000 we tested 7500 people last night. Why are you seeing the numbers go up because you are taking more tests, people see those numbers go up, they get nervous, they panic or look at how many more people have the virus. That's not how many more people have the virus you're just taking more tests, so you're, finding more positives. There are thousands and thousands of people who have the virus who we're not testing. There are thousands and thousands of people who had the virus before we started testing. There are thousands and thousands of people who had the virus and who resolved and never knew they had the virus. We're still testing, because you want to find those positive cases, so you can track them down, isolate people and stop the spread, but you can't watch these numbers like the stock market and say well, that's the indicator of of anything other than the indicator of how many tests were taking. It is good news that we're now up to 7500 tests. We were at one time doing 200 tests per day just to put that 7,500 in focus. So that's a tremendous increase in the number of tests and you want to see the numbers go up. The hospitalization rate is very relevant because remember, this is all about the flow into the healthcare system. So 777 out of 4152 perspective perspective perspective. We know the virus, we know what it does. We know who it hurts. We know who defects Johns Hopkins since day. One has tracked this virus through China 222 thousand cases, 9,000 deaths. Eighty four thousand recoveries 129,000 pending one last point: we talk about this as a government response. The federal government's doing this state government is doing this government government government this. This manifests on a number of levels and the government response is obviously very important, but the impact I think is greater, greater and probably greatest as a social phenomenon and on people and on families. This is tremendously disruptive on all sorts of levels. It came out of the blue for me in New York. It reminds me of 9/11 where one moment, which was inconceivable just changed. Everything changed your perspective on the world change your perspective on safety, children who were young at that time, but of school age watched on TV, they didn't know if their parents were coming home. I think it changed their whole outlook on life after 9/11. This is a situation like that. It's obviously totally different magnitude, but it's like that. It's a moment that just changes your whole life yesterday, you were going to work and you were gonna, go to the office party today, you're at home and the kids are at home and you're worried about health, and you worried about your job and you're, worried about economics and you're, dealing with personal issues and you're dealing with family issues, and it's all happening at once, and then you turn on the TV and there's all this different information, and nobody can tell you if this is gonna, be 30 days or 60 days or four months or five months or nine months. The stress, the emotion is just incredible and rightfully so it is a situation that is one of the most disruptive that I have seen and it will change almost everything going forward. It will that is a fact. It's not your perception. It's not just you, it's all of us and it's true and it's real. Nobody can tell you when this is going to end. Nobody can tell you. I talked to all the experts. Nobody can say two months four months, nine months, nobody it's hard living your life. With that big, a question mark out there. Nobody can tell you when you go back to work. People can tell you that it's not just you economically, it's everyone, take comfort in that federal government is actually acting on an economic package, but it's true having your family. All together is a beautiful thing. It's also different for a lot of people, especially for a prolonged period of time, so these are major shifts in life and in the most emotional stressful conditions that you can imagine and I. Think my own personal advice is understand that for what it is and that it's not just you, it has changed everything and it will for the for the foreseeable future and think through how you're going to deal with it and what it means and even try to find a positive in it right. It's a very negative circumstance, but you're going to have time on your hands. You're gonna have time with your family. You're gonna have time at home in this busy hurry up world all of a sudden somebody said: okay, you have a couple of months where you're gonna be home with the family. No work, you work from home, but it's a totally different situation. How do you use that? How do you adjust? It's not gonna be done overnight, but it is something that everybody has to think through.