Well, good morning, everyone this morning, I've declared a state of emergency in the province of Ontario we're facing an unprecedented time in our history. This is a decision that was not made lightly. Covet 19 constitutes a danger of major proportions. We're taking this measure, because we must offer our full support in every power possible to help our healthcare sector fight the spread of covet 19. The first order under this declaration will be the prohibition of organized public events of over 50 people, including parades and events and services within places of worship until March the 31st. Secondly, the following establishments are closed, effective immediately until March, the 31st all facilities, providing indoor recreational programs, all public libraries, all private schools, as defined in the Education Act, all licensed childcare, centers, all bars and restaurants, except to the extent that such facilities provide takeout food and delivery. All theatres, including those offering live, performances of music, dance and other art forms, as well as cinemas, special movies and concert venues again. This order will come into effect immediately. I want to be very clear about what this means and what this doesn't mean. This is not a provincial shutdown. I repeat, this is not a provincial shutdown. The vast majority of businesses, including those most vital, the day-to-day life, will not be affected by this order. Essential services and essential needs will be able available to every individual and family groceries. Convenience stores, pharmacies, manufacturing facilities, public transit, important public services, construction sites, office buildings will all continue to operate right now we need to do everything possible to slow the spread of covet 19 in order to avoid overwhelming our health care system. The health and well-being of every Ontarian must be our number one priority. We must think about our children, our parents and our grandparents. We must think about our neighbors, our colleagues and our friends. We must think about the elderly, those with health issues and every other person across this province. All of these people have been in my heart and on my mind, with every decision I made during this crisis. It is imperative we protect every person and every problem family across this province. We must act decisively. We must not delay as covet 19 continues to spread. The government must be in a position to take any and all actions necessary. That is why today, Ontario has declared a state of emergency. As I've said, all along we've been preparing for every scenario. This decision was not made lightly. It was based on the advice of our chief medical officer of health and public health officials. Our cabinet deliberated late into the night and again very early this morning, as we take action to fight the spread of this virus, I want to assure the people of Ontario. Their government is taking every step possible to flatten the curve, we're taking the steps necessary to protect you and your loved ones we're taking these measures now, while our system is strong and to ensure it remains strong in the days and months ahead, I want to urge calm across the province. No expense will be spared to support Ontarians in need. There's no level of support. We won't consider by declaring a state of emergency. Our province will be in the position to act as fast and decisively as needed. Again, this decision was not made lately, we've seen around the world that jurisdiction jurisdictions like Ontario, who take timely and decisive action, have so far stayed ahead of this virus. We must flatten the curve and help stop the spread, a covet 19. We understand this decision will impact workers across this province. My message these people is that we will support you during these difficult times. We expect the federal government to support Ontarians with the following measures. They must work with us to establish a loan program to support businesses. Immediate Ewa forms must be implemented to support workers. Eligibility criteria must be expanded to include workers impacted by this outbreak in Ontario, I've directed our cabinet to look at all options necessary to support the workers and businesses during this unprecedented time. That is why today, I'm announcing the first stage of our covet 19 emergency relief package. This is over three hundred million dollars committed to supporting the fight against covet 19. This is the first stage of our larger emergency relief package. Our ministries have been working around the clock to develop a plan that can be implemented as fast as possible. This initial investment of three hundred million dollars for immediate measures to protect the health of Ontarians. This funding will also help us protect our seniors and the most vulnerable during this difficult time. We're going to bring 75, more critical beds, online 500, post acute care beds and help hospitals set up 25, more covet, 19 assessment, centers we're backing up our frontline public health workers, with more resources for monitoring and testing and we're purchasing more personal protective equipment like masks, gloves: surgical gowns for our nurses, doctors and personal support workers, as well as more ventilators for long-term care homes. This funding will provide 24/7 health screening, support for staff and visitors to help protect our seniors, as well as additional staffing for infection control and cleaning supplies at these homes. We're supporting our health professionals. We are providing funding to backfill 1,000 personal support workers to support capacity during the outbreak, we're also providing funds for 50 physicians to cover emergency departments, urgent care and primary care, and indigenous norther in the world and remote Andie's. We listen to the frontline workers and this surge funding will back them up in the fight against covet 19. In addition to the public health measures we've introduced today to keep everyone safe and healthy, and our legislation to provide job security to workers and families, and certainly the businesses, as I've said, we will spare no expense to support Ontarians. This is a first stage of a larger emergency relief package. In the coming days, Ontario will face challenging times. We must come together as a province. Every Ontarian must support each other I and the entire government of Ontario will do whatever it takes to guide our province through this difficult time. For years, Ontarians have led the world in healthcare, research, business ingenuity. We have the greatest minds: the greatest businesses and the greatest people in the entire world. Ontario will weather through this storm together. Ontario will come out of this stronger than ever before. Thank you and God bless. Okay, we'll take questions now, we'll take questions from the floor first and then we'll go to the phone line. One question: one: follow-up: premier Ford, you say that you're doing this with the best medical advice, but was last Thursday, you were saying, schools would remain open, go on March break yesterday, your chief medical officer of health, behind you want to answer this as well. We're saying he was weary of going below 250 people that bars and restaurants didn't need to close now we're at this stage what's to say that the people of Ontario, weren't, right to panic, aren't right to think government and health authorities aren't ahead of this well. I have all the confidence in the world and our chief medical officer at Health, Minister of Health and the entire cabinet. This is changing hour by hour day by day and we're getting ahead of the curve. I'm gonna stop the spread, or at least slow down the spread. I should say, not stop the spread, slow down the spread, because every every region that has done this is getting ahead. Covet 19. When we do this, we can put more resources to our healthcare system and that's the reason we need to do this and move as quickly as possible, but as far as what why weren't you doing this ahead of time? What's to say, you are getting the best medical advice because it took four hours yesterday for dr. Williams to just switch from everything has to close, whereas earlier in the day it was stay, open, well, I. Think I should let dr. Williams answer that question. Yes, as I, when you asked yesterday, I said that we were in consultation with our federal counterparts and we're across the country each one reviewing and whether we would switch to the 50 from the 250 our stands before was consistently across that we did have input as the day went on and that we were all going to move to that direction and in concert with the chief Public Health Officer of Canada. So again, as the premier said, things have been changing very fluid. We're trying to make sure we're in concert as best we can with our peers across the country to be consistent. You know yesterday, when Trudeau announced the closure of the borders, he was heavily criticised for taking so long and dragging his feet in doing so. What is your message to I guess, other provinces and regions that that haven't taken gone to the extent that Ontario has at this point to do so to follow in your footsteps? Well, I'm in full communication with other other premiers and I just want to mention that every situation is different. Every single province, I know the problem of the Premier's. Well, they're gonna make a decision based on the situation they're facing and the province with that Ontario facing a deficit in the billions. How are you finding this three hundred million dollars where's that money coming from well again, I've said right from day one and we'll spare no expense, because we've been prudent fiscal managers for the last 18 months. That's what is allowing us to spend the additional 300 million, but we can't do this alone. We need support from the federal government and we'll make sure that we take care of businesses, some people in this in this province, but we do need the support of the federal government and when you're a prudent fiscal manager of the taxpayers money, you always have to make sure that you have enough funds for the rainy day that comes along and because of the great work that our Minister of Finance has been doing along with Treasury our cabinet and caught this we're able to have some funds when, when those rainy days happen, just to be clear, do you know what the split is between the federal government in the province right right now? If you want to answer that sure this this, it reflects the 200 million as well, that the federal government provided as well as 100 million that we spoke about last week. Obviously, as as I talked about yesterday in our statement next week, we're going to be looking at money in three buckets to support health, healthcare and other related government services to support people and also in areas where we need to support jobs in the economy. So those are the those are the categories and we're in regular communication with the federal government to discuss about how how exactly we want to work in a coordinated way as Jen is for the premier. You had just mentioned that this has been changing by the hour. So what was the turning point for you yesterday or this morning to decide to declare the state of emergency? Well the advice from the chief medical officer of health, we're following the experts in health care industry following the advice of the chief medical officer of health, and that was based on that decision there, and also you had mentioned that so any sort of gatherings of 50-plus, more people you're making mandatory. That is not to happen, but yet you mentioned that you know office buildings could remain open. There are many businesses that have 50, plus or more staff. So why wouldn't this apply to that? Well, first of all, it's critical. We keep the supply chain going absolutely critical. We need our grocery stores open. We need the manufacturers of goods to continue manufacturing to get the products in the stores, but it's absolutely critical that we keep the supply chain going. Mr. premier you'd mention that every region that takes similar steps in Ontario is taking today have gotten ahead of the virus so which regions are you talking about? What makes them a good model to follow? Well, a large country and you're, seeing the job, they're doing I think they're doing a good job mind you, their numbers are a lot higher would be Korea. You know, they're they're doing their best, like all of us to get ahead of this and flatten the curve slow, the spread, and when we do that, put more resources. The 300 million into frontline healthcare support them. That's what we need to do. Try to get ahead of this I was wondering if you have any sense of how long this state of affairs will last when you think Ontarians might be able to get back to their normal lives. Well, we're doing everything we can again to slow the spread and I'll be relying on the advice from the chief medical officer of Health. That is our main goal. We don't want the spike. We want to flatten the curve, put more resources until we can handle any influx whatsoever. We have to be ready for for every scenario and that's what we're ready for okay and as a follow-up, it's not the Canadian way, as you mentioned, but are you prepared in case people? Do panic or have any forbid, there's looting? Well again, I have confidence in our in our police and I. You know, you know I just pray to God that that wouldn't happen. We have incredible people. We have the smartest and brightest people in the world right here in Ontario. We need to stick together. We need to support each other. We need to look out for each other. If you have an elderly neighbor, take care of them if you're going to the store, maybe ask them if you could pick up some groceries, but I I have all the confidence and the people of Ontario we're gonna get through this. Together, we're gonna work together and we will get through this so we're sitting on Thursday with the cooperation and the NDP and the Liberals and the green, hopefully we'll get through that and in one day. But I want to be very clear. We're doing this to make sure that the bars and gatherings of over 50 don't happen. We we have to slow down the spread of covet 19 and really that that's why we're doing it Jamie. That's the only way we can slow this down. I'm social distancing well I'll be a bylaw officers or police officers, but we shouldn't we shouldn't have to do that. Jamie, there's so many great business owners and in some cases when they close the restaurants close the bars not all case, but they'll have access to their insurance that they have on their businesses. But we need to work together. Let's work together, we'll get through this and I think the responsible business owner will not open up. Ok, we'll go to the phone line. Now again one question: one follow-up: your first question comes from Victoria gets in from I politics go ahead. That was very hard to hear. I apologize, it's hard to hear on the line there. Maybe if someone could repeat that question I think about taking medical professionals from other provinces, can you repeat the question yeah? The question is for the premier with the state of emergency: can the province potentially allow out of province, medical workers to work in Ontario without Ontario College certification all pass out over the Minister of Health? That's not something that we're contemplating right now. The purpose of the emergency order really is to allow for the closure of the facilities that are noted in the order: childcare licensed childcare facilities, private schools bars and restaurants. That's what we're really focusing on right now. It may be something that we might need to consider in the future, but for right now we're looking at limiting those kinds of activities to, as the premier said, to flatten the curve and to prevent the spread of kovat 19. Thank you and in follow-up will the declaration affect anything about supply? Will there be any limits on qualifying that might be able to be enforced? For example, no they won't affect the supply chain. Next question: your next question comes from Travis Don rush from Global News. Please go ahead, Gordon premier right now having to decide who will live and who will die due to the lack of respirators and possible capacity. The evidence showed that if you were everyone to stay home, the case number and when the case numbers are low, II reduced transmission and reduce overloaded Hospital. Why are you not worrying everyone to stay home now, as opposed to waiting to do that? Well, Travis. We weren't in the same situation as Italy and second. Secondly, I'm taking the advice of medical professionals and the chief medical officer of Health is not required us to do that. We aren't at that stage, but again every scenario could pop up and as I've mentioned over and over again, this is changing hour by hour day by day and just as a follow-up to the Health Minister. Can you say with confidence that Ontario will have enough hospital capacity and enough respirator? If there's a bike quickly in cases like we have seen in, say, Washington, state or New York City for examle, York State, for example? Yes, we do have a plan in place, it is evolving rapidly and we have the ability now with the additional funds to be able to create more bed space. We have respirators on hand, we have ordered more, but certainly what we're doing today with the announcement of this order, is, as I said, to try and flatten the curve so that we don't end up with vast numbers of people in hospitals requiring respirators. This is the purpose of the of the order, so that we can protect people and keep them healthy next question. The next question is from Allison Jones from The Canadian Press. Please go ahead. - you're I'm wondering if you can talk a little bit about what you see as the economic impact of this order to the close restaurants and bars, etc. Well, there's a there's thousands of people that work in bars and restaurants and that's why it's essential the federal government gets moving on the EEI instant, a I for for people that have been laid off, we're there to support them. Our government will be there to support them and we'll be there to support businesses as well. Can you clarify if this order applies to shopping malls as well? Well, I'm gonna pass that over to the chief medical officer of Health the aspect in there we've looked at that to consider and because it is retail stores, separate we're watching to see how that will happen. We have not actually closed malls at this time. We're going to be advised by that situation to see if that's necessary, but we will be advised by different directors and and our health care people in that regard next question. Your next question is from Rob Ferguson I'm, just Toronto Star. Please go ahead good morning, premier just wondering what what was the tipping point to to declare these emergency powers today on things that dr. Williams simply recommended yesterday? Where were you seeing signs that some businesses were not complying? So what happened there well again, based on the advice of our chief medical officer, we sat down with a cabinet late last night early this morning had a extremely good discussion back and forth, and we decided that's the best thing to do: to protect the people of Ontario, to slow down the spread to flatten the curve and make sure that we have the resources for our healthcare workers to do the job and give them the tools they need. Okay, as a follow up that with these emergency powers, you're declaring today just what kind of other powers does this give you and, and what would be the tipping point for for using those? For example, can you tell people that perhaps you don't want anyone else coming in to Toronto? Can you tell people that they shouldn't be flying or taking the train in the province or public transit? Can you well right now we're just focused on making sure that, as the minister said, bars places of worship any any place that people gather restaurants, we just want to make sure that we have social distancing to the best of our ability. But again we need cooperation from the public and I think the public is well aware of the situation and I'm proud. The way they've been handling this and I'm very, very grateful for the people of Ontario and the way they've been reacting so far. They again are partners, along with the federal government, where we need the support and I'm seeing it in these communities we'll be there at Queen's, Park, we'll be there. The federal government will be there, but we need the people. We need the communities right across this province, all 444 municipalities to be working with us and making sure that we again slow the spread to covet 19 next question. The next question is from Sabrina Angie from Queens Park. Today, please go ahead, oh well. The relief package include compensation for businesses that will be forced to close, well we're working along with a federal government right now or our first package, we're focusing the 300 million dollars on on health care, we're working on other packages that will support small businesses and businesses across this province. But right now we want to focus on our health care workers, and can you do you mind only be elaborating a little bit on what what type of support you'll be providing to businesses? Minister of Finance is working with her as federal colleague and I'm. Sure that's going to be coming over the next few days next question. The next question is from Christina Horan Sun City news. Please go ahead. Hi premier good morning, I'm wondering if you're planning on changing the time of use right now for highs, room rates or people can expect massive reductions in their hydro bills. At this point, well, that's on the table. We had that discussion when the Minister of Energy, with the time-of-use I'll, be very frank. I've never been in favor of that from day one, but the Minister of Energy is working on that and we'll be talking about that over the next few days. What are you planning on instituting in our correctional to hearing a lot about a lack of PPE gear for back there, but are you going to be stocking transfers? A lot of Jo guards are saying that they simply don't feel like they are prepared for this sort of situation. So I'm sure you caught the press release that we sent out Friday we've already instituted a number of measures, things like people who are serving weekend. Sentences no longer have to go into the institution. We have put a number of protections in place and will continue to do that to ensure the safety of our corrections, officers and the inmates who serve, but are you planning on stopping transfer to a different institution? So, as a general rule, because of some of the changes that have happened with the Attorney General, the the court transfers are very much limited. There are some transfers that are happening in terms of releases, but the I want to assure you that we have put a number of measures in place ready and we'll continue to assess the situation to see what additional procedures that we can put in place to protect individuals. Next question: the next question comes from Cynthia Mulligan in Sun, City TV. Please go ahead, hello premier. Yesterday, the Federal Health Minister confirmed that the corona virus is spreading in the community. How many cases are being investigated as community spread in Ontario right now, and judging from other cities like Italy? What would the actual number be, because we know there would be so many more that that we don't even know about yet. Thank you for the question I'm going to ask dr. Williams to please join me to discuss this situation with respect to communities right, so we are aware of each of our different health units as they obtain information on cases with positive testing. They undertake an investigation to see if they have risk factors such as travel or contact with a case. If they can't identify that there's a question. If that's community based, then you have to do further investigation of the close contact that person to see did they get it from some other source? So it does take more time to do that, so the ones that are not definitely addressed with risk factors are assumed. It could be community, but it doesn't mean it's ruled out. Yet honto has some. Some of the other health units have one or two and they're falling up on those at this time, but my joy of our cases have been related to travel or away contact of cases, okay, but um. How many in total, as the follow-up? How many cases in total you said shirono had some I believe the number yesterday was three: how many in total do you believe our community spread and therefore is the potential for that number to be far greater I haven't got the numbers yet for today it changes day by day as they work through their investigations. Some are removed off and any risk factors are identified so we'll have to see what that total, including new cases being added every day and for them to be followed up on. So it's it's. A fluid number in there and I am very proud of the work that they're doing to manage that very well and to keep that number down and to try and identify any risk factors or, if there's any clustering, that they would follow up on as appropriate to their protocols that the spread is far greater than we realized. The methods we've done with our sentinel surveillance, we were concerned before to say: are we missing any and so therefore any case that we've seen in our long-term care facilities, outbreak of respiratory or in our hospitals and emergency departments that are mitad for respiratory problems? We've done parallel testing we've done nearly well over just about 2,000 tests and they've, all the negatives. So far. So if we were sensing a lot of that, we would start to see some of those showing evidence of that. So far, we've been reassured by that, but it doesn't mean we're going to be complacent on that. Okay, we have time for two more next question. The next question is a follow-up from Travis Don rash of Global News just go ahead, hi there premier, if this actually is a question for that Health Minister Minister Elliot. Yesterday, BC South Minister didn't hold back saying that he thought it was a mistake to close the border to every other country in the world other than the United States due to the outbreak that we are seeing there I'm wondering if you can weigh in and whether or not you think it's a misstep not to close that border more quickly to reduce the amount of transmission coming from the United States. Well, I can't really comment specifically on that, because that's a another decision that was made, but we are dealing with that. We are trying to make the best decisions for Ontario right now, which is why we've brought forward this emergency order, because it really is necessary to to flatten the spread of kovat 19, and we want to make sure that, to the extent possible, with mass gatherings that they not be held, so that we can stop the spread of this virus and keep people safe and keep our hospitals from the overwhelmed. Its dr. Williams to dr. Williams I. Just have a clarification on my earlier question. Premier said that we're not at the point yet where they need to have a province-wide shut down. What point do you make that decision? Is there if there a case number that we have to reach? What's the threshold there before you recommend that all in our approach here in Ontario, we have continually emphasized that people coming forward and participating and taking part in this response has demonstrated the effectiveness of the Ontario program Ontarians are concerned. They continue to do what they need to do and they're taking action, and the information is that when you add social, distancing protocols with your control mechanisms, your containment, the key thing is public participation. I think we have that Ontario we have people who are dedicated to that. They want to take part in that, and so I have confidence at this time. We don't need those kind of aspects, because things that people do on their own volition, like dedication, as the premier said, helping each other to manage the situation, because it is a collective action and we can do this and we can keep flattening the curve on covert 19 and on that aspect there. So I really emphasize the participation ongoing of our Ontario citizens. Okay, one last question from Antonella we're getting very worried emails from people like artists, the self-employed people who have small shops like hairdressers, who can't who need that that monthly income to to meet all their expenses I know you can't provide perhaps every detail right now, but are you? Can you assure that these people they're not being forgotten in this, that these sort of small employers, independent artists, will have will be covered in whatever protection measures or supports you offer we will, with conjunction with the federal government? Again, it's absolutely critical. We partner with a federal government, especially the self-employed, that EEI is not available for them and I just wanna mention. We won't forget those people, they're gonna, forget anyone we're gonna spare, no expense to take care, the people's health and and personally their businesses across this province, with the support I emphasize with the support of the federal government. Thank you, everything. Q. Thank you appreciate it. You.