Hello I'm Robin Gilbert, standing by for the prime minister to address Canadians about the kovat 19 pandemic. Justin Trudeau has been in self-isolation since March 12th and has been speaking from Reno College each day. His wife Sophie tested positive for covin 19 on March, 13th she's recovering and is doing well tomorrow. The House of Commons will reconvene in order to pass emergency legislation to help fight this pandemic. We can tell you now the number of confirmed kovat 19 cases has risen. The number is recorded every day and growing each day. There are now 1,400 confirmed cases in this country. The majority remain in BC and Ontario. That province is reporting more than 70 new cases in the last 24 hours. Bringing the total in Ontario to 503, Quebec and Alberta are both over 200 cases. Here's how the rest of the country looks with UConn reporting its first cases. Yesterday a couple recently visited the u.s., the regional chief medical officer. There is now recommending everyone avoid non-essential travel into and out of UConn, let's bring in Michael Couture in Ottawa Mike. We know that there's a special special session of the House of Commons tomorrow, but not all MPs can get there yeah and not all are welcome. Frankly, they already agreed to this before suspending Parliament. It feels like it was a year ago, but only a couple of weeks ago, and they said that look we'll have a pared down Parliament enough to have quorum, I'm hearing from at least one source that it'll be proportionate to their representation in the House of Commons. Hearing that there'll be 15. Liberals, not many cabinet ministers in that group, though, because they will have cabinet meetings and for any kind of vote they have to be in there. They can't break away from cabinet we're hearing, there'll be 11 conservatives, which will include conservative interim leader, Andrew Shearer and Candice Bergen, the house leader for the Conservatives we're hearing David akin has reported that a government aircraft has gone to get both Andrew Shearer and Candice Bergen in their respective cities. They will be brought obviously to Ottawa. Then you have, we believe three ND piers unclear how many from the block will be coming. Obviously they can probably drive. So it'll be easier and we are hearing that one, the Green Party candidate, not the candidate, but the member Jenica, a twin who is from New Brunswick, has actually started driving to Ottawa to be here in time for tomorrow to have a green party representative in the House of Commons. What we have also heard from the Conservatives Andrew Shearer was making the rounds yesterday saying that he's not going to stand in the way of this 82 billion dollar emergency stimulus package, in fact he's working hand in glove with the government to make sure that if they see any gaps in it that, if the opposition parties see any gaps that they can identify that they will make these suggestions through the regular backroom channels and talk to you know through house leaders, one from the Conservatives won from the Liberals and they're not looking to score political points here. This is a change in tone. Considering that what you had even just a couple of weeks ago, where there were some members of the Conservative Party who were saying look, we are in a really bad situation. This is the rainy day that we needed the rainy day fund for that the Liberals have spent the cupboard bare a definite change in tone, realizing that this is getting all the more serious and that they need to have a more collaborative approach with this government. We're also hearing I heard from a source today that what we expect from Prime Minister Trudeau today is another announcement of funding for research into a vaccine. So we had heard on March 6th that there was 27 million dollars that was announced by this government to try and get universities and researchers together to try and find a vaccine and also look at different ways of testing. They are obviously ramping up that effort, so expect that to be coming in the next. In the next few moments already, there has been 47 research teams that have been looking at this, but because of what we're seeing across the globe. Canada wants to be a leader here. They want to make sure that we are teams that are specialists in this can contribute to this, and you know expecting also that the the Prime Minister will have any kind of update on the repatriation flight we've heard from Canadians across the globe saying they are concerned that they won't be able to get home. There was a flight that arrived Saturday evening from Morocco too much. We all another one is supposed to leave today. A third will leave on Wednesday. Just this morning, Francois Philippe champaing, the Foreign Affairs Minister, was tweeting. If there will be more flights that are being operated three from Peru in the next few days. It's interesting. We had him as a guest on the West block in this very studio. Just yesterday morning, speaking to him about it, and just before we started the interview, he said, I need my phone right beside me, because I'm expecting calls from different Foreign Affairs ministers in different countries, Spain Peru and Morocco. So I'm gonna have to stop this interview if I get a call from them right now and of course, we said of course, I think getting Canadians home is a little more important than the interview that we have to do, but he is on the phone and constantly connected to his counterparts from across the globe, trying to make sure that he gets Canadians back to Canada those who can get to an airport. He also mentioned that he's in constant communication with his counterpart in the UK and making sure that there is almost a constant flight going back and forth from London to make sure that if we have to repatriate Canadians from Europe that they can get to London and then come back to Canada, it's really an all of government effort and they are continuing this 24 hours a day 7 days a week, Robin all right. Thanks for that, Mike we're gonna go to our Auto, a bureau chief Mercedes Stevenson Mercedes. There seems to be this real race to get a vaccine yeah Robin. Obviously, there is a hope that imagine if you could find that vaccine and if you could not only slow the infections down but stop them so that people who have received it we're not vulnerable. If you could create what scientists call a doctors call herd immunity where the idea is that the more immunity you have among large populations, the less the vulnerable, are exposed. So there's certainly racing towards that they're. Looking at chloroquine ions as a form of treatment as well. Some of our viewers might remember that, and some of the folks out there have served in the military. It's an anti malaria drug, that's a very controversial one at the Canadian military. Very rarely uses it anymore because it could cause a lot of side effects. But when they're, looking at the potential side effects of a chloroquine ein versus people potentially dying, they are seriously looking at that in trials. Now as to whether or not that can help. There is this race on to try to do as much as possible to try to prevent the spread number one, of course, is social distancing. That's what everyone's talking about! That's where I am right now at home, I'm in self-isolation, Robyn cuz I was down in the u.s., and so we are coming to you live from my living room and this becomes the new normal for people and they're. Saying look. This is not so it's gonna be days or weeks. Hunker down, it could mean months, get used to it. There are other ways to connect with people, but this really is important and in fact it's so important that the federal government is saying if people can't listen or don't listen, not only our province is bringing in enforcement rules to force people to stay home. There is the possibility. The federal government could look at serious consequences, including fines and criminal charges and beyond that, there's the possibility they can- and this is a very remote possibility, but they can Robin call them military in to do quarantine. Enforcement. Mercedes we've been talking about the pandemic plan and that's what they've been sort of basing their plan on. Are you getting any sense of what the military is doing? Actually, just speaking with somebody very senior in the military, literally as you were speaking to Mike there to get the latest update and they're planning a whole lot of things and the military are great planners, that's what they do. There's always a unit on standby in the Canadian Forces, that's ready to go in the case of an emergency and those are the people we've seen fighting forest fires and dealing with floods. They could also be used for this pandemic if the government makes a request or if the provinces make a request now, the number one thing they expect they could be doing is medical help, and we saw that even on the flights coming home, repatriating Canadians where there were Canadian military medical staff on board, there's also logistics that are really good at moving people and managing people. If you have large numbers of sick people or you have to get goods to remote places, they're the people that know how to do it, they also are able to treat people in a larger scale, because there's a lot of them and they've canceled exercises, including the Army's biggest annual exercise with almost 5,000 people, to make sure that they don't have all their resources concentrated in one place. They are at home. They are on sort of the minimum staffing they can do, while still doing all their jobs to make sure people aren't exposed in the workplace. But the military absolutely is coming up with a plan for the full range of scenarios that you can imagine right up to that. Quarantine enforcement, hoping they'll, never have to use that, hoping that and said they could deploy a smaller packages to help the other thing they have to adjust for. Here, though, Robin is the fact that they have that unit on ready on standby. That's always there, but if we start seeing things like spring floods happening at the same time or firefighters, now they're getting split in two directions. So they're really thinking about all the different possible scenarios they could face here to come up with plans for all of them. You talked about enforcing quarantines. Yesterday, Nova Scotia introduced strict measures, Newfoundland and Labrador did it last week, where's the federal government on this. So yesterday, patty hi, - who's. The health minister came out and said that if people aren't going to listen, then there is the possibility of there being a actual criminal violation considered or a federal, fine I think right now, they're relying on the provinces to try to bring in those measures first. But if she made it very clear that the federal government has not been impressed with people who aren't listening to, what's not just advice or a request to stay at home, they're being told to stay at home and I think they try to allow for some kind of an adjustment period. But that is a very limited time frame on this. Where we're hearing that this week and next week could be two of the biggest weeks from experts in infection control of the spread of that disease and people are saying well, I, don't feel it I'm young I'm healthy. You know what it doesn't matter, how you feel you can spread it to someone else, and people feel young and healthy until they come down with this virus. So the federal government's saying look, one person could spread it to dozens of others, not even knowing they have it just stay home. You know, try to limit your going out. Grocery shopping, definitely don't gather in large numbers, and that includes outside. So just because it's a beach or a park doesn't mean you should congregate and stand close to other people. All right, Mercedes, we're gonna, get back to you. We're gonna, go back to my clica tour Mike team Canada is saying that it's going to not send its athletes unless Japan delays the Tokyo Olympics yeah, and that is unprecedented. When you consider the environment we're in making that decision, you know and they saying on their website look. This is not a fourth decision. This is a public health decision. At this point you know and there's the tweet saying we are all Team Canada and making sure that everybody doubles down on this self-isolation consider that athletes when they train they train to peak not only to the amount of time the month and the week that their event will be competed in but the day, so they can't get the training grounds right now. There are pools that are closed, that our gyms that are closed, so they can't properly train. They don't want to send people and they think that they're trying to get ahead of this, the IOC for the first time is talking about postponing the games. So is the Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe, a amazingly enough. You have Prime Minister Trudeau that on his schedule today is supposed to speak with him. It would be interesting to hear if they will speak about the Olympics more than likely they will. They are g7 leaders, so I'm sure, they're speaking about other things as well. As you know, what Japan has done to make sure that they are flattening the curve, but I'll read from a just a tweet from Adam Vancouver ninh who's, an MP, a newly minted MP, but also a former kayaker rower I says this is so tough for so many athletes. But this situation is bigger than sport. The health and safety of our athletes, coaches, staff and fans has got to be top priority and he's proud of Team Canada for taking this lead. So you know, and that I'm sure was a difficult decision for them. But the world is also looking at the IOC and kind of saying. What's taking you so long, because you know for them to even let me in the IOC the IOC says it has about four weeks to make a decision and yet we're talking about how cases are gonna rise in the next little while so it just doesn't match and that's the issue. You know a lot of people have thought that the ice IOC has been tone-deaf on a lot of issues. Doping is one of them, and athletes have often led the way on that and making sure that they bring the you know the Olympics in the right direction and perhaps we're seeing another iteration of that. Where Canada has said, you know what it doesn't matter, what the IOC is going to do. We're also hearing Australia is making that decision to not go to the games, not send their athletes to the games, and perhaps the IOC will be looking at this and they won't have a because they won't have enough countries to actually just compete and put on a proper Olympics in the meantime. From what I understand the torch relay continues throughout Japan, but you'd have to think that that will stop at some point as well, and the IOC will have to before that four-week period make that decision as to whether or not they postpone or cancel the games altogether Robin. This is probably such a tough decision for everyone involved. These athletes have been training for so long, but this is a public health, emergency yeah and those Olympic dreams that they've built for so many years. You know if you have been practicing a sport whatever it is you're training for this moment, and it only comes around every four years, so your window of time to win that medal to compete in the games and to achieve that dream is so small. But at the same point we heard dr. Teresa, Tam say our window from flattening. This curve is also shrinking and this is a public health emergency. This is a global public health, emergency, -, Adam, Vancouver, Dan's point. This is not just about sport, anymore, all of the major sports leagues canceled across across North America and you're, seeing across the world and at some point the IOC. Even though these Olympics are scheduled for later in the summer, the IOC is going to have to make that decision sooner rather than later, and as I'd mentioned, you may have it where all of the Olympic Committee's make the decision for them and basically say sorry, we're not going even if you want to hold an Olympics gate and Olympics just you won't have enough countries just think about the NHL. The NBA they've cancelled everything we still don't even know. What's gonna happen with baseball this year, and yet they still seem to be focused on on continuing with this yeah and I. Think that there's also a public relations aspect to this, and you think about that not only from the different sports leagues, but also from government you've been hearing from government. You know this could be weeks. This could be months. Nobody really has an idea of the scope and I. Don't think anybody really wants to make a decision that can make the public panic think about it. Just yesterday you had Quebec, say schools will be closed until May 1st that reverberates across the country and other parents and I know for myself. I've got two kids and I. Look: okay, Mike! You know what we're gonna get back to the prime minister is walking up and just about to speak. I want to begin by recognizing that a lot of people have now been stuck at home for a week or more because of kovat 19. If that's starting to take a toll, it's understandable, but we can't afford to stop now. I want to be clear, so full, distancing physical distancing is the single best way to keep the people around you safe. What does that mean? It means keeping two metres between yourself and someone else. It means avoiding groups, it means staying home as much as possible. If you choose to ignore that advice, if you choose to get together with people or go to crowded places, you're not just putting yourself at risk you're putting others at risk to your elderly relative who's in a senior's home or your friend, with a pre-existing condition. Our nurses and doctors on the front lines are workers stocking shelves at a grocery store. They need you to make the right choices. They need you to do your part. We've all seen the pictures online of people who seem to think they're invincible. Well, you're, not enough, is enough, go home and stay home. This is what we all need to be doing and we're going to make sure this happens, whether by educating people more on the risks or by enforcing the rules. If that's needed, nothing that could help is off the table today. We're launching federal advertising campaigns. You'll see faces that you know and trust people from our cultural sector getting out the recommendations from our health care workers. Not having heard this message won't be an excuse. We're reaching everyone. Listening is your duty and staying home is your way to serve every day. There are more and more people who step up and heed this call. Just yesterday, Team Canada and the Canadian Paralympic team made the tough decision not to send athletes to the Olympic and Paralympic Games this summer. I know this is heartbreaking, for so many people, athletes, coaches staff and fans, but this was absolutely the right call and everyone should follow their lead, no matter who you are. If you're doing your part, I want to say thank you, you are saving lives and when it gets hard know that your government is right there with you on Wednesday, we unveiled an 82 billion dollar plan for people and businesses affected by the virus. If you're worried about eight making ends meet we're putting more money in your pocket, if you own a small business, we're helping you bridge to better times tomorrow, the House of Commons will reconvene to pass emergency legislation and put this plan in motion for farmers and people across the agri-food business. I know these are hard times too. So we're also opening up five billion dollars in additional lending capacity. Starting today, farmers and producers can apply through Farm Credit Canada for the support they need to keep food growing and get it onto our tables. On that note, I want to say thank you to people right across the entire food sector day in and day out, you grow transport and stalk the food that feed our families. Last week, we also announced a plan to mobilize industry, so our hospitals have the medical support and equipment they need later. Today, I will have a call with the first ministers to discuss our continued coordination on quarantine and self isolation, we're working together to ensure that everyone has what they need, whether that's equipment for testing or medical supplies. This evening, the Premier's and I will also talk about continuing to move forward with measures to support families and small businesses to ensure our economy rebounds for Canadians stranded abroad, we're working with Airlines to get people home. People should be returning by commercial means, while they're still available, Air Canada, WestJet, Air, Transat and Sunwing all have flights. This week, as of today, we've secured authorizations for Air Canada to operate three flights for this week from confer Canadians in Peru, and there will be two more flights in the coming days from Morocco. We've also helped secure an Air Canada flight from Spain, as well as Air Transat flights, including two from Honduras and one each from Ecuador, El, Salvador and Guatemala. If you're a Canadian abroad register with the government now, so we can send you updates and contact you. You need to do this if you haven't done it already, the best in the world, and they want to be part of the solution. Research on Kove 819 and the development of vaccines, vaccinations and antiviral treatments are options that we must look at we're seeing this surf with flu vaccines to stop people falling sick, they protect the most vulnerable and to make sure that fewer and fewer people go to the ER today, I'm announcing that we'll be investing 190, two million dollars so to directly support the creation and the production of vaccines. Here in Canada, you will be funding a long-term solution against Ovid 19 here at home in you not only signing an agreement with seller of Vancouver to support their work designed to treat and to prevent covert 99 we're also working with medicago from Quebec to produce test vaccines. At the same time, we're also earmarking money to the University of Saskatchewan for the development of vaccines and clinical tests as well. Lana needs the necessary capacity to produce treatments on a mass basis as quickly as possible. We're also investing in the national research board in Montreal, providing a hundred and ninety two million dollars to directly support vaccine development and production in Canada. We're investing in a long term solution to kovat 19 right here at home. Our government will be signing an agreement with vancouver-based AB seller to support their work on drugs to prevent and treat kovat 19 we're also working with Quebec City based medicago for vaccine testing and production, at the same time we're providing funding for the University of Saskatchewan vaccine and infectious disease organization for development and clinical trials. Once there are promising options, Canada needs the capacity to mass-produce treatments as quickly as possible. That's why we're investing in the National Research Council of Canada's facility in Montreal to prepare for the rollout. These are critical steps forward. We have to remember that vaccines won't be ready overnight. They will take months to develop and test. So, while that's happening, we need to work to mitigate the impacts of this virus, and luckily we have the tools we need right here. At home, blue dot in Toronto was among the first in the world world to identify the spread of kovat 19. Coming in nine days ahead of the World Health Organization's public warning, we've signed a contract to use this Canadian software to model the disease. It will help us track and therefore slow. The spread. Minister Baines has also sent a call-to-action to every University, College, Polytechnic and CEGEP in the country. Their labs have the resources and expertise to be part of this fight. We've asked them to identify equipment, they've got like masks and ventilators. At the same time we're looking at innovative solutions. They can be part of including 3d, printing of medical supplies. Many institutions have already stepped up, and many more will do the same. If you need more information, please go to buy and sell GCC a we need all hands on deck new demondo, a shocked, University, we're asking all colleges across the country to give us all the masks and ventilators they have or to suggest other ways they might help through 3d printing, for example. Many of these facilities have already stepped up, and many more are thinking about doing so now for more information, please consult, buy and sell GCC a on a tooth polish. We all have a role to play in the fight against kovat 19. Even if you're, not a paramedic or a researcher, you can save lives by staying at home as much as possible by keeping a distance of at least 2 metres with others. If you go out that makes the whole difference, which makes all the difference. Rather that's how we can protect ourselves, our nurses, our physicians and our health care professionals who are taking care of those who need to care. We need to follow the recommendations from our public health agencies. We have to trust them and we must listen to them. Yeah yesterday, I had a part of my speech where I talked to two kids directly I have a message for our seniors. Today. We all have loved ones who are at home, who are very, very vulnerable. Call them tell them that you love them. I'm. Thinking myself of my father-in-law Sophie's father who's undergoing treatment for cancer and has been for several months. We didn't. We don't see him very often, but today it's his birthday, happy birthday, Shan, Shan, you're, 78, today, happy birthday. Think of our elders. Think of our loved ones and do everything we can to keep them safe. This is how we will put a brake on the spread of kovat 19. Thank you for doing your bit and please know that our government will continue to work day and night to support you together. We will get through this. Thank you very much hi. Mr. prime minister, it's auntie Bertrand Oliver with CTV national news. You said that a vaccine will take months despite funding and assistance that's being announced today and that the government has already put in place. What immediate and specific actions is the federal government doing to increase testing capabilities and to reduce the testing backlogs that people are facing right across the country? We said, as we said, on vaccines, we have moved forward on investing in a number of companies to accelerate their movement towards clinical trials and eventual production of a vaccine. In the meantime, we are increasing our testing capacity every single day. Many companies in Canada are increasing their production, we're working with labs across the country to accelerate the arrival of testing results as well. We recognize that there is a significant load on the system. We are looking at technological and concrete solutions that will accelerate this process, because we recognize that mass testing is a key part of the path forward of accent, vaccines for assisting companies who clinical test stage to more quickly. But that's going to take several months. Of course. Over the time being, we know that testing is essential, we're trying to invest and where I are in vesting, in accelerating production and the availability of tests, but we're also working to expedite or to increase, to reduce rather the wait time for results. There's the system is a bit overloaded. We have to do more because we know that testing is an integral part of how we will actually put a break and stop the spread of coffee 19 right now, watching this press conference, who cannot afford to continue paying their rent for themselves or for their businesses. Why hasn't your government done more to specifically help renters yeah? We know that there are significant pressures on Canadians right across the country who are facing bills coming in who are facing pressures on caring for their families. That is why we are working extremely quickly to get money out the door into the pockets of Canadians. During this extraordinary time we recognize there are hundreds of thousands of Canadians out there who are applying for AI benefits online. What we're working through, including with this step of recalling Parliament tomorrow, is a legislative package that will allow us to move forward even quicker on getting money into the pockets of Canadians who need and pright across the country. You mentioned the Olympic Games earlier your message to Canadians and to athletes, but also to the organising committee. Is it appropriate to organise an international event at this point in time it looks like it's going to go forward. I know, there's a lot of concern, that's implemented on this. You know about international gatherings. We recognize that Prime Minister Abby of Japan is very, very well aware of the challenge. The Canadian Olympic Committee has decided that we won't attend the Olympic Games this summer and this was announced yesterday, but I'm encouraging or everyone everybody who's who's thinking about organising gatherings of thousands of people to not do it. It's important, not only here in Canada across the rest of the world stay home, please. If we look at what's happening here in Canada, people on the internet for examples seem not to be worried about the virus. They seem to feel invincible. First of all, I'd like to know how shocked you are by this, and secondly, does this mean that the borders or interprovincial borders will have to be closed? Have you talked to premiers about this? Well, of course we will be talking to the provinces this evening. We have to continue to coordinate our efforts to coordinate our communications as well. Unfortunately, as we've all all seen, there are people who seem to feel invincible who continue to go outside. I, understand, I, understand that the temperatures are warming up, people want to go outside, but it's not the time to do that. You must keep your distance. People must stay at home as much as possible. We're not just talking about our own health. We're talking about putting in danger our seniors health and endangering our profession are health professionals, health as well. We need to follow the advice from experts, and the advice is that you should stay at home as much as possible. Keep your distance with your neighbors as well. How exactly will your government enforce social distancing? Can you spell out exactly what that will look like? We are going to be speaking with the Premier's this evening and talking about ways we can coordinate. We recognize that many communities, many provinces of declared states of emergency. They have taken measures to close certain public places. There is more that can be done. There is more that needs to be done around messaging and that's what we're going to be talking about, but every step of the way. If we see that measures aren't being taken up properly, that aren't being aren't being followed, we will look at different measures that could be necessary to enforce these rules we'd rather not, and we know that millions of Canadians are doing their part, but those who are not doing their part are putting at risk everyone else, including the eventual recovery of our economy and the well-being of millions of Canadians. So we're going to continue to look very carefully at what could be next steps as we move forward. Can you spell it exactly? What kind of enforcement measures you're looking at at the national level? I can tell you that we haven't taken anything off the table from the Emergencies act to new measures or existing measures under the quarantine act. There are significant tools that are at our disposal, but, like I said we are impressing upon Canadians. To do this of their own will to understand that individuals can and must do their part to keep us all safe and to ensure that we come through this in the best way possible should all provinces and territories close their borders. I will be speaking with the premiers tonight about measures that we can take as a country to move forward and I. Look forward to that conversation. Prime Minister, Ryan Hamilton, with National Post I'm wondering this week will be the end of your 14-day self-isolation. Are you planning to resume a quasi public schedule? Are you planning to leave the house as many people are I'm? Listening to the advice of experts, I recognize that there is still a week to go in my self isolation and we're going to continue doing that those decisions on what next will be taken in the right way, depending on what public health says, but certainly I am I am going to make sure that we continue to follow all recommendations of public health officers, particularly around staying at home, wherever possible and self isolation and social distancing, which means keeping two metres apart from each other. In terms of the messaging you know, we've seen people at beaches, we've seen people out on trails clustered together, we've seen people out at large parties together. Do you think it's just a question of people not getting the message, because you're talking a lot about messaging today, I think people need to get the message that this isn't just about them. This is about their neighbors. This is about vulnerable seniors. This is about health workers who are on the front lines trying to keep us all safe. Canadians can and must do their part to keep us all safe. When we see images of people out enjoying the sunshine in large groups, that is extremely concerning, because they are not just putting themselves at risk, they are putting everyone else at risk. We need to slow and stop the spread of this virus. If we are going to come through this strongly as a country without losing too many of our loved ones, every single Canadian has a responsibility to engage in keeping their distance in staying home, whatever possible and ensuring that those who have to go out for essential services and to keep keep us healthy and alive and fed are not at risk themselves. If we're strong, I think it's frustrating for many Canadians who are stuck at home. It's very frustrating to see that others are not listening, they're, not following the recommendations as frustrating for many people. In fact, many people who are seeing that some people are not following the rules listening to medical advice and staying home for their safety to watch other people out there putting not just themselves at risks, but everyone who is staying home at risk as well I might not pass a Ella okay. So on path, telephone mother said Oh, Thank, You, Missy. The first question is from Brian lily of the Toronto Sun ephemeris. Neither Brian needs you Toronto's done that I got a table. Please go ahead. Sir. Your line is open. Prime, Minister I'm wondering if you can tell us you keep being asked about the emergencies act and you seem hesitant. Why are you hesitant and what expert powers with the Emergencies actor quarantine that give you that you currently don't have the quarantine act is already in place and it gives us significant tools. One of the key elements of the emergencies act is that it is an override over the provinces. It takes powers that are normally only in the hands of provinces or even municipalities, and puts them at the federal level. That's why we've been working closely and coordinating watching closely as provinces have invoked their emergencies act, which has been an important step in in fighting this spread of this virus. It's also why we will certainly be talking about emergency federal emergencies, act at the premiers meeting this evening to make sure that we all understand what tools each different order of government has and where we might need to do more. Thank you, miss mean I, guess monsters out. 8Ln visit the wall is machine. Odors Wawa, please go ahead, Trudeau I know you talked to your counterparts, but I'm sure you're, you or you've already talked to them are any problems he's asking you to in fact invoke the Emergencies act on it. Well, no province has actually made a formal demand for the invocation of the Emergencies Act. That's part of our discussions, and but given that part of the Emergencies act gives powers that are normally at the provincial level to the federal government. So this is a conversation we have to have with the provinces if that is to be done. Thank you. The last question is from Maura Forrest political I guess once we thought even more for its political, that I'll tell you your line is now open. Please go ahead. Yes, thank you. Prime Minister in the United States California and New York has inactives lockdown measures at the state level. You're not ready, yet to invoke the Emergencies act that would support individual provinces enacting similar measures in Canada. We we know that provinces and cities are looking at what next steps they can take. We, of course, will support them in their decision-making in the powers that they have recognizing that many of them, if not all of them, have invoked the Emergencies act in there at their provincial level. We will continue to coordinate and make sure that they have the backing of the federal government where necessary. We will continue to monitor closely this situation to work with experts across Canada and indeed around the world, on everything we need to do to keep Canadians safe, but even as we do that with all the levers of governments and regulations and powers. Fundamentally, it comes down to citizens making smarter choices, choosing to stay home, choosing to self isolate, choosing to keep their distance from each other not going out and putting at risk people who have to be out for essential reasons in our hospitals in our food supply. In our pharmacies, these are the things that people need to be doing. These are things, unfortunately, that not everyone is doing yet, and it is why it is so important for Canadians to step up and do what they can not just to keep themselves safe, but to keep their neighbors and the rest of us safe as well. Yes, the third vote that is the prime minister giving his daily a brief to Canadians is this is the eighth day in a row that he's given this national address and taking questions from reporters. Let's bring in our Ottawa correspondent, Mike lacouture Mike, the Prime Minister's tone really changed seems to be the tuchis language he's used all week. Yeah, it seems like he's a little fed up of seeing these images on TVs everywhere on social media of people, gathering in large groups really kind of wagging his finger at them and using the strongest language, as you said yet saying. If you choose to ignore the advice of social distancing and he changed it also because we've seen this a lot of people use these now, it's saying physical distancing, keeping in mind that everybody needs to understand. It's two meters away six feet. However, you want to put it out there, and you know these are the images that he's likely seen and that frustration in his voice, saying if you choose to ignore that advice, you're, not just putting yourself at risk, you're putting others at risk, and he mentioned that. You know seeing these pictures online in these videos of people who think they are in visitin invincible and his message them go home stay home. This is what you need to be doing, saying that every Canadian needs to do their part, and your part right now, everybody out there watching this and watching Prime Minister Trudeau is to stay home, even though it doesn't feel that way. I can personally say in my neighborhood. It doesn't feel like we're in a state of emergency. Everybody knows it, but when you walk around we're told you can walk outside, you can get some fresh air. Clearly this is taking it to an extreme and the Prime Minister said this. Is it enough is enough. He needs to use this type of language. To that end, announcing today that there's going to be an ad campaign with faces that people know so we saw yesterday there was an ad that was sort of leaked out from the government of dr. Teresa Tam, our chief medical officer, underlying the fact that this is what needs to happen. You can expect other people other known faces, to be part of this campaign that will be on social media it'll, be on TV screens, it'll, be everywhere, Prime Minister's saying today you will not having to have an excuse to say that you have not heard this message and even in the end they're trying to help people understand you need to do this. You need to stay home and and I think you know the government has already said patty hi. Do the Health Minister yesterday underscoring the longer that you go outside in congregating groups, the longer we're gonna be in this situation. So if everybody just stays inside and does their part, maybe we can end this sooner and the Prime Minister asked again at what point do you have to bring in the emergencies act? At what point do you have to bring down a heavier hammer in the quarantine act to you know, put in fines to tell people you'll be arrested and he's saying we don't want to do that. Yet we want people to heed the advice, but clearly he's getting frustrated. Clearly, he's gonna have conversations tonight with the premiers. As he mentioned, and seeing what they're doing and whether or not it has to be a complete national ban on going outside, let's talk about that conversation that he's going to have with the Premier's there's been no formal demand or formal request for the Emergencies Act to be invoked not yet, and you've seen different provinces doing what they have to do. Limiting the number of people that the number of groups that can be outside it goes from any number of it had been at twenty five to ten five we're hearing some places, -, making sure that people have that kind of social distancing. The report yesterday outside you know out of Quebec somebody who was in corn, who was seen to have been walking around a neighborhood, was under arrest. The Prime Minister doesn't wanna have to play that card. Think about it. This way the government understands, and this Prime Minister understands that's his last card to play. You don't play it yet, because you have to get to the point when it is extreme, he doesn't want to have to invoke martial law. He doesn't want to have members of the military or police forces patrolling telling people get back inside, hoping that we can flatten the curve by everybody pitching in and that I think is why today again he's imploring people he's practically begging. People saying this is the advice he doesn't want to have to use the Emergencies act and but clearly saying we'll do it if we have to so I think that conversation tonight with the premiers will be key, because the Premier's may ask him and say: look we're doing everything the weekend in our provinces. You know: Nova Scotia has lineups of people that are coming over the border and there anybody who has come over the border into Nova Scotia is going right into a 14 day, quarantine or 14 days, self-isolation, because it's such a patchwork, I think tonight. After that conversation you'll see more of a unified front and possibly you know, could we see something tomorrow? It depends on how that phone call goes tonight. I think, okay, let's switch gears. Now, let's talk about the announcement that came out of this, the prime minister says he's going to spend 192 million dollars to support drug companies and scientists, there's a real arms race. Now, when it comes to these two being the first to develop this vaccine for Cova 19, yeah and I just spoke to somebody from the prime minister's office. That is part of the already earmarked 1 billion dollars emergency fund for Cova 19, but today, they're really just saying look. This much is going to go there. When you heard the prime minister really mention all of the places that they're going to that they're. Looking at you know, University of Saskatchewan they're, looking at different companies that they can lean on how Minister Bane's is actually going to be putting a call out to all post-secondary institutions and saying anybody. Who's got a lab anybody who has anything that can help 3, D, printing medical supplies and protective equipment. This is the stage we're at now. Iii think that you know the Prime Minister and this government sort of fleshing out and saying it's an all-call. Now, whoever can help in this fight needs to help, and it it's you know, reminiscent of what people have said. I obviously wasn't alive at that point, but during any World War, when every single company, every level of research is now put towards this effort, and everybody understands and knows that this is the battle. This is the enemy now covert 19 and they need everybody to put their efforts into this, and that's why part of this is going to be funding that side of it. He said again months away for a vaccine, so we need to make sure that everybody is looking for it. Everybody is researching it and putting their efforts towards it and figuring out who can get there first, as you said, a bit of an arms race all right. Thanks for that, Mike we're gonna go to Jackson prosecco, our Washington bureau chief in DC Jackson. There was that two trillion dollar stimulus package that the White House was trying to push through, but it didn't go through. What was the holdup yeah there's? Essentially, a political bickering happening here in Washington over how exactly this age should be given out and Republicans and Democrats are kind of divided over the issue of expediency, in other words, getting that cash to businesses, big and small, as fast as possible, and the issue of accountability. In other words, should those businesses face limits on how they spend that money? Should there be restrictions making sure that they're not doing using that money for executive compensation, for example that they're not laying people off if they're getting government assistance, so that has really held things up and the fact they couldn't get it passed yesterday, sent the markets into a tailspin overnight. Dow futures actually hit the limit at which they had to stop trading in them and they're down sharply again here today and Robin as all this political bickering, which is going to require votes from senators and members of Congress, takes place, there's another complicating factor, and that is late. Yesterday, the first u.s. senator tested positive for coronavirus, Senator Rand Paul, and he had been interacting with members of the Senate right up until yesterday. He'd been at the gym on Capitol he'd, been in the swimming pool and over the weekend had had lunch with a good number of Republican senators. He is asymptomatic, but he was awaiting his test results results while he continued to interact with all these people. Understandably, a lot of folks upset on Capitol Hill about that, and what this means is that not only is Senator Paul now in isolation and unable to vote a number of other senators who had close interactions with him are also out of the mix, and so this is raising questions as Congress grapples with the idea of passing a massive aid package of. Do they need to look at other resiliency here. Do they need to find a way to make sure that these politicians can actually vote remotely so robbing lots of layers to this, and it's not clear how fast this is going to get hammered out, and on top of that you have Washington, New, York and California declared disaster zones. We should note that New York has 5% of the world's cases, so this is very significant. The u.s. is number three worldwide in terms of the number of cases, and yet the Trump administration has been slow to react. That is the criticism around the world now. What is he planning on doing in fact robbing some fresh numbers coming in while Prime Minister Trudeau was speaking more than 10,000 confirmed cases in New, York, City alone? Right now, that's why local officials, there are looking at converting convention, centers and arenas into temporary hospitals and they're, saying that that precious medical equipment is already running short, which is why they're ramping up pressure on the federal government I will note that in recent days, New York's governor has had more praise for president Trump saying it seems as though the White House is. You know catching on here, they're stepping up to the plate now, but there are still certain things that the White House is not doing so they've authorized the deployment of the National Guard in New York, for example, but they are still not invoking the defense production act, which is a wartime law that can essentially compel private industries to make things that the government needs in this case. That would be masks and ventilators, and the White House has said we're comfortable with the corporations that have stepped forward on their own to volunteer, to make these things a number of companies saying that they're quite happy to step up and increase the production of masks, for example, but all these things are sort of unfolding simultaneously here and robbing one other note. I will point out when you talk about the White House, the mark difference in message coming from Prime Minister Trudeau versus President Trump, you heard Trudeau saying enough: is enough! Go home stay home well today, down here, president Trump is openly amusing, that these restrictions are too much and he's suggesting that maybe it's time to start lifting these restrictions in the near future and get people back to work because he's deeply concerned about the impact this is having on the economy. He tweeted this morning that the cure should not be worse than the problem itself and so I think that gives you a sense of almost the impatience here in Washington. Well, that's what I was going to ask you next about these tough measures that we are implementing in places like Nova, Scotia and Newfoundland and Labrador there's talk or questions about whether we close provincial borders? Is there anything like that happening down there? Not right now. You know. President Trump has been asked about this repeatedly, whether it's time to restrict domestic travel, he has hinted, that's a card that he could play at some point. Then you see the tweets today and you you come to think that there's no way that's going to happen so, instead, you're seeing individual states take up more and more restrictive measures, while we've been on the air here, Maryland just outside Washington DC is shutting down all non-essential businesses they're, shutting down beauty, parlors and salons they're doing everything they can to keep people away from each other, but other states are far less restrictive. We should point out that roughly one in three Americans, that's more than 100 million people is now effectively under a stay at home order. We have heard nothing, though, of the likes of what we've heard in Canada in terms of prosecuting or fining people who break those orders, and so I think it's only a matter of time until things ramp up here and become more aggressive, especially if you continue to see an explosive growth in numbers like we're, seeing just in New York State right now and Louisiana now emerging as another hot spot as well all right, Jackson Prosecco in Washington, let's bring it home and go back to Ottawa to our audre bureau, chief Mercedes Stevenson Mercedes. What did you make of Prime Minister? The Prime Minister's announcements today? Well, I think it was the change in tone that was the most remarkable thing there Robin that we heard some announcements about more funding for things like research in terms of a vaccine, the 3d printing. You were talking about the trying to get everyone involved in science fighting this together, but it was really tone that struck me and how he chose to start when he said enough is enough stay home. You saw that teacher side of Justin Trudeau, where you know the class has been asked to settle down and take their seats they're not doing it. Next up is going to be that you're kicked out of class you're suspended, and that is what I think you're. Seeing is the federal government asking people to do this? There they're no longer asking they're telling them, and you have a sense that if that doesn't happen, there is going to be a very serious consequence and that could be declaring the Emergencies Act and the fact that the Prime Minister went so far as to reveal what he's going to be talking about on the call with the first ministers the premiers later today, that that will include the Emergencies act and and how they want to approach this. That's very important, because the Emergencies act, as he said, overrides the provinces. It actually allows the federal government to seize provincial jurisdiction. It gives them incredibly sweeping powers. The last time we saw this act invoked. It was called the war Measures Act, and that was during the FLQ crisis under Justin Trudeau's father, and there was quite literally soldiers in the streets, and you could see that again, you could see the military enforcing quarantine. So it's a very extraordinary step. It's one that the Prime Minister doesn't want to take lightly or easily or without the support of the provinces, but it is something that he's making clear look. These are critical times the next week or two or really, when we're gonna get a sense of how this is spreading. It's when experts say there's the most undiagnosed infections out there that can be spreading to people who don't even know that they have it and so he's being very clear. That tone is telling you that the federal government is willing to take some very serious, very major steps that would change how we live. So, if you think how we live now has undergone a significant change. You'd really see more than that, if you're starting to talk about quarantine enforcement orders in the military getting involved. One final question: What: did he say about closing interprovincial borders? So that's one of the things they're talking about too is you've. Seen Nova Scotia has border checkpoints. Some other provinces have talked about this they're asking people not to travel interprovincial e, but the question becomes when you stop asking and start enforcing and how does that work now? Obviously, right now that falls more under the provinces, but if the federal government starts saying no one can leave again. That is stepping on provincial jurisdiction, which means they might to look at the Emergencies act. I think the fact that they are being very clear, you know don't leave your home. Pretty clearly means don't go to another province, so they are still giving people a chance to make their own decisions and stay home, but they are very seriously considering all of the options that are on the table. These are unprecedented times. We haven't seen anything like this before in Canada. We haven't seen a pandemic like this before so very different times, calling for a very different and potentially extraordinary and very restrictive measures, no kidding. Alright thanks for that Mercedes, let's go back to my clicker turn Mike. Let's talk about the Olympics Team Canada is not going to send its athletes. If Japan does not delay the the Tokyo Games, is it appropriate to have the Olympics? That was the question thrown at the prime minister. What did he say yeah? Clearly he doesn't think so. He said that he has spoken to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, a of Japan and saying that he's well aware of the pressure mounting around him and making sure that they either if they're gonna hold an Olympics that'll be safe for everyone, and he did say that look. Anybody who is holding an international gathering of thousands of people probably shouldn't do it at this point. I, don't know whether or not he has said it as such to his counterpart from Japan. But clearly, if Canada is not going, you know and there's going to be a growing number of countries we've mentioned earlier. Australia has already said it. The IOC says they're considering it now. This is the first time they've changed that kind of language and said possibly postponing it maybe to next year, but, as we've said before, all of these international athletes plan their training not only to the month to the week but to the day that their competition is scheduled to be so, they cannot get into gyms. They can't get into swimming pools, they can't train properly. So the Canadian Olympic Committee making this decision yesterday and possibly trying to lead the rest of the world into it and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, saying look. No gatherings are appropriate. Let's not look far into the summer. At this point, even though it is months away, he's saying these aren't appropriate and if we're telling our citizens now that you can't gather- and you should be inside and at home. Well then maybe Olympic athletes are taking the lead here and saying: that's it. We're gonna shut this down for now we're not going to the Olympics, and maybe the rest of the world will listen. Alright, let's just ask one last question, and that is about the Canadians still abroad. It seemed that the Prime Minister was encouraging as many people who are close enough to an airport that is still open to get on one of those commercial flights, but we still have ones that are stuck and Connor are relying on the federal government yeah and the key thing that different members of the government have said: travel GCA, that's where you register with them. That's the only way that the government knows where you are and knows that you need to get out. He did mention in his press conference that he's talking to Ecuador El Salvador. We heard earlier today that the Foreign Affairs Minister said he's having conversations with foreign affairs ministers in Cuba Uruguay as well, making sure that people who are trapped there know that they can possibly come home. There are three flights that are planned to Peru they'll, be operated by Air Canada, there's another flight leaving tonight from Morocco another one that we'll be leaving on Wednesday. This effort to repatriate Canadians and get them home is just incredible. At this point you have different air carriers that are saying Air Canada WestJet Air, Transat Sunwing. These are now working with the government to identify where Canadians are and to make sure that Canadians will get back and that's why the government is saying register with us. So we know where you are and we can bring you home all right. Thank you for that. Mike, like a tour in Ottawa now, I just want to quickly recap what the prime minister announced today. A hundred and ninety-two million dollars will be directly supporting vaccine research here in this country, Justin Trudeau also announced a series of repatriation flights that will be bringing Canadians home. There will be flights from Peru, Spain, Ecuador and more flights from Morocco. He also says the government is working to help get Canadians home from other regions. Today, the Prime Minister's tone changed a little. He said enough is enough, and that staying home is your way to serve. He's stressed that all Canadians must practice. Physical distancing seems to be switching away from social distancing and stay at home to limit the spread of Kovan. 19 Trudeau will be speaking to the premiers tonight to discuss how to enforce this physical distancing and that conversation could determine where the Emergencies act is invoked. And tonight global news is broadcasting a primetime special on the coronavirus crisis. That's tonight on Global Television. In the meantime, you can find full details on global news dossier and tonight on global national I'm Robin Gill. Thank you for watching. We return you now to regularly scheduled programming. This has been a special report from Global News you, our grocery shelves, working in a drugstore or providing medical care, and there are other essential jobs. People need to continue to do those, but everyone else please stay at home limit or eliminate contact with people at higher risk, such as all those seniors who you love and people at poor. In poor health, they can again can again dwell Paktika social, distancing, physical distance, what to do, for example, working in pharmacies and eliminating all contact with at-risk seniors, hear from dr. Tam, our chief Public Health Officer. Let me nice go to equation Science and Industry navdeep Bane's, who will discuss Cova dean research that he is strongly supporting, and we have of course also available to answer questions. The Minister of Health Patti hi. Do dr. Howard knew an A or C the president took office or business and the vice chair of the covered nineteen cabinet committee, dr Dooku, hello, everyone! So globally, there are over 340 thousand cases of kovat 19 in a hundred and eighty nine countries in Canada. As of this moment, there are one thousand four hundred and seventy four cases of kovat 19 and 20 deaths. The Yukon reported his first two cases which were linked to travel tomorrow repatriated passengers from the Grand Princess, who remain symptom-free at the end of the 14-day quarantine period, will be released from CFB Trenton passengers who tested positive for the virus and they're asymptomatic contacts whose quarantine period was reset will remain as CFB Trenton until their extended release date. We've now tested over a hundred and two thousand people in Canada, which is an average of approximately 10,000 a day. Many of those cases were exposed to virus outside of Canada, but in addition, we are seeing more cases that are not linked to travel most, concerning of, or are the cases occurring among high-risk populations in vulnerable science. During this protect vulnerable populations and prevent an even greater acceleration of spread in high-risk settings, we need to continue with strict Public Health and infection control measures, but to further protect all of these populations, as well as our health system and all of our communities. We must slow community spread through unrelenting social distancing. A key reason we want to delay and flatten the epidemic curve is to buy time for research and innovation to occur. It's been just under three months ago that scientists first identified the novel coronavirus. During this time, Canada has stepped up on a wide range of research from biomedical solutions such as Diagnostics vaccines and treatments to social and behavioral science. We should be proud that Canadian researchers are now part of the whu-oh large global trial, called solidarity designed to rapidly gather data on the most promising therapies for covert 19 is an all-out, coordinated push involving multiple countries to collect robust scientific data rapidly during this pandemic. So let's keep up the momentum and let's get this right. Everyone who is practicing social, distancing and self isolation is giving a chance for researchers around the world to work on novel solutions. Messi. Thank you very much. Dr. Tam. This morning the Prime Minister announced two new measures we are taking to respond to the agriculture sector's immediate needs, Farm Credit Canada, so first Farm Credit Canada, as we all call FCC, is receiving an extra five billion dollars, lend in lending capacity. This injection of credit will permit FCC to help farm and food business owners on a case-by-case basis, with potential deferrals of the principal and or interest portions of their loans or access to an additional credit line. Agents are standing by to help already I'm, also pleased to announce that all eligible farmers who have an outstanding advance payments program, loan deadline on April, 30th or earlier will now receive a stay of default for an additional six months. This represents a total of 173 million dollars in deferred loans for the farmers and food processors who are facing tight margins and a cash crunch together. The two measures announced today will help many in their pocket when they need most. These are unprecedented times for our farmers and food businesses. I am in regular contact with the industry and my provincial and territorial counterparts and our government is working around the clock to take all the necessary steps to deal with this crisis. Once again, I want to thank sincerely everyone in the food supply chain. Everyone who, despite the concern, goes to work every day, so the rest of us can have food to eat. During these times, we see just how critical they are to our country, so thank you to them. Maxie, multi-cloud and now we'll hear from minister of innovation, Science and Industry. Now, two things now Marisa Chrystia. Thank you. Chris to come make a legacy. May my gratitude also like to acknowledge our world-class scientists and researchers and, in particular, I want to acknowledge our chief science advisor Ramona Nemer for her outstanding leadership throughout this crisis. As ministers Heidi Anand and I announced last Friday, we have put in place Canada's plan to mobilize industry to fight kovat 19 and today we're complementing those efforts was support to quickly mobilize Canadian researchers working on counter measures to combat colvett 19. Fortunately, our country's research community is amongst the strongest in the world. Canadian labs discovered the Ebola vaccine and were the first in the world to sequence. The DNA for the SARS virus in 2018. Our government invested the largest amount in Canada's history towards fundamental science. Is those researchers that we count on today? With that in mind, we've identified several projects for investment that are already underway from University researchers and others to respond to kovat 19. A natural partner in this regard is the University of Saskatchewan international vaccine center or Vito inter vac. For short, as one of the world's most advanced infectious disease research facilities, it was the first facility in Canada to receive clearance to harvest a sample of the kovat 19 virus and so investing 23 million dollars to help the center expand and renovate its current animal vaccine production facility to meet the standards required for producing human vaccines. This will allow the center to produce vaccines for clinical trials as well to meet early production needs when a vaccine is ready, we're also investing fifteen million dollars to expand and upgrade the National Research Council's human health, therapeutics Research Center in Montreal. This will allow the NRC to partner with researchers across the country to produce vaccines and therapies for clinical trials and to meet early needs for frontline health care workers. When an approved vaccine becomes available. Now, as we spoke on, Friday Kenna's, fight against kovat 19 requires all hands on deck and that most certainly includes the private sector to make it easier for companies and research institutions to contribute to vaccine development. We've added a new stream to the strategic Innovation Fund to be focused on the fight against Kovan 19 and we've topped that fund by a hundred and ninety two million dollars to ensure resources are available. We've identified new projects that will be prioritized under this stream to deliver direct support to Canadian companies for large-scale projects, companies like Vancouver's, obses, Laura in Quebec cities, medicago, medicago, add Asia, truly and possible of X, and therefore against curve at NOAA the funds it's devack's, a hunter-killer eight. The production has already identified a viable plant-based, Kovan 19 vaccine candidate, so this funding will accelerate clinical trials and then production. Meanwhile, the biotech company obses lura will use its rapid pandemic response platform to develop antiviral therapies for Cova, 19 treatment and prevention. The aim is to begin clinical trials this summer. In addition to those two projects, we have just signed: a contract with blue dot. The Toronto based digital health firm was among the first in the world, identified a spread of covin 19. They use artificial intelligence and a range of anonymized data sets, including global air travel to correctly track the spread of the disease. Around the world in our government will use blue dot software to support modeling and monitoring of covin 19 spread and to inform future federal decisions related to the virus nuvvula as year and its workers. With the measures announced today and with the help of our industrial base and research community, we will do exactly that medicine beaucoup. Thank you, okay. Thank you very much. Now, then, we're now ready to take your questions. Okay, as discussed, we'll do three questions on the phone first or question one follow-up and then we'll come back to the room so operator, Thank, You Missy. If you have a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad. She was having tests only step for the 5/8 violence of what's good. Telephone first question is from John Blackwell National National Post. Please go ahead level in in some Asian countries like Taiwan and Singapore and South Korea. They found a lot of success in getting the epidemic under control by using sort of trying, through epidemic kind of detective work, to contact, tracing and strictly isolating people. You know they and Singapore. They recruited police into the contact, tracing process and and they're using you know, cell phones to track them. People who had contact with infected people I hear a lot of a social distancing, but not much about that kind of sort of detective work in in terms of you know, identifying who's infected and whose eyes contact with them. I know that's been by local Public Health offices, but but to your knowledge, is that still going on or that we've sort of given up on that and I just sort of trying to Hawaii I'm social distancing, case identification and very rigorous contact tracing is still carrying being carried out at every you know, province and local municipality, local public health right now that is still Canada's strategy. So, if you have a traveler who's come in with positive diagnosis, all of those contacts are still being tracked. If you actually have a community cluster like the one in Vancouver, for example, that is linked to a long-term care facility. All of those contexts completely tracked whether they're families who go into the facility or staff or, of course, residents, and so absolutely that is a very intensive piece of work right now that is still going on. We will continue to do this because we're still containing the virus as much as possible to flatten that epidemic curve, yeah even more specific follow-up, the cost Balu another cruise ship that docked in Marseille I think a couple of days ago. All those people flew back to the states and in Canada I, think through Atlanta on commercial flights and there's reports that there were a number people would cover the 19, the number of people that were quite severely ill. What sort of efforts with many have been made to sort of track the Canadians, but that came off that that ship and and apparently have have returned to to North America in the last couple days. So we work very closely with Global Affairs Canada, because we are aware of Canadians on a number of cruise ships around the world and so anytime that Canadians could be exposed to coronavirus on any cruise ship. We will track that we will get the manifest and if they should be entering Canada flag, any passengers from those cruise ships in order to identify them and that it could be any number of potential ships happening. But we are trying to trace those very vigorously I just say to reporters. Also. We can't hear you so clearly. So if you are working a teleworking, please speak close to the phone and maybe not into a speakerphone but use your handset. To be sure, we can hear you. Thank you see ya. I stayed on that Paul departure day. Jenia dat collect tax, expose a contact with someone difficult for sure. It's a different question for every single case. Understand like it's John I, don't know doctor First, Minister I do for madam Freeland I'll, try it in English and whoever one wants to take it. So, in this conversation tonight with the Premier's, what what exact signs are you looking for from them to see if the situation is coordinated and if they don't know her or play mini soon opportunity? Come a toluca avec le ministre la semaine, passe Beauty leaves a lemur zoo, a stronger federal role in all this mantasy. Thank you. The next question is from Lauren Gardner political. Please go ahead. Ali temple thanks for taking my question. You you all, and the Prime Minister have all said that no tools have been taken off the table, including the Emergencies act. Is there a chance? Parliament will be asked to vote for this Tuesday and Wednesday of this week. When you all reconvene thanks, Lauren, it's cased. Yet again, the Prime Minister has been very clear that the Emergencies Act is a measure of last resort that should be used only when all other tools have been exhausted. That said, he has also been clear that everything is on the table. I think the conversation later today with the Premier's of the provinces and territories will be very useful in getting a clearer sense of both what the situation is across the country and where the Premier's feel they do or do not have the necessary tools in their own provincial and territorial toolboxes, and one follow up on on the border. Have you seen as the new restrictions on the border between Canada the u.s. played out over the weekend? Did you see any cases where further clarity may be needed any problem areas, or do you feel that it's been rolled out pretty smoothly? That's a great question and I: don't actually have the hotline number here with me, but you will find it easily. Online CBSA has very swiftly set up a hotline and a website that people can use if they are at the border and they feel they are engaged in essential crossing of the border and need some help getting across. So please look that up and please you know Canadians doing essential work who need to cross the border. Please use that hotline to let us know if you are having difficulties. Okay, so we'll go to the room for three questions before going back to the phone Kelcey Poitras good afternoon. My questions are from Madame Du Bois. The first question is: you said last week that there's an exemption for temporary foreign workers to come to Canada. Most of those workers, though, that can't Canadian farmers employ are coming from countries like Guatemala and the Philippines where the airports are shut or the borders are closed. I'm wondering how the caning government actually plans to get those workers here in time for spring planting. So the part that falls on our government's responsibility is really to negotiate with these country, and Guatemala is a good example. So Minister champagne is engaging with his counterpart over there to get the right to have a flight going there and and bring these workers for the organization, the logistic around the flight and the supervision of the application of the the isolation protocol. It falls under the responsibility and the coordination of Farm Canada, mainly with the support of other Association throughout the industry. Around CFIA resources. I'm wondering is there is a we're hearing rumblings about concerns about the availability of meat inspectors at Canadian plants. Is there? Is there a meat inspectors shortage at the moment or have there been changes to how meat inspections are being done? In light of the co bid? Cove in nineteen, there is a challenge around human resources at that CFIA. Mainly flower inspector the whole weekend we've been working on it with the collaboration our of our counterpart in the provinces and with the industry were still asking the industry to help us make the priorities out of the priorities, and we are already doing that and we will have further conversation with the provinces also to see how we can share some inspectors. How we can, just you know, ease the the different inspection that are normally done from the federal and sometimes slightly differently from the provinces. So we are really in the mode right now to finding different ways to make it easier and faster so, and we are also calling back inspectors who have retired recently, Julie CBC, hi, Julie, Van Deusen C BC, miss hi. Do the prime minister said today enough is enough, so if people don't follow the rules, as we've seen examples where they seem to be oblivious to social, distancing and so on, could one expect the police or the army to be called in to enforce the rules? Well, I think we've seen at every level of jurisdiction leaders more stringently asking canadians in fact demanding canadians to take these. These orders seriously. Various different jurisdictions have various different pieces of legislation that they can use to compel citizens to comply with the quarantine orders that are in place or the the closures or different measures that are in place. I think the primaries with Prime Minister has been clear that we will use every tool available and we are looking right now at stronger tools for those people coming back to the country to make sure that people understand that this is not. This is not a nice-to-have in terms of people staying in their homes when they return from their March break or return of snowboard, snowbirds or or various other returns to the country. This is absolutely essential, and yesterday I said you know, I was very clear and I will say that again when people are coming back after international travel, it is seneschal that they don't stop for groceries, that they don't visit their friends or family on the way home that they're not stopping anywhere but going directly home and doing so safely. We are looking at ways that we can even provide transportation for people that don't have capacity to transport themselves in a way, that's private. It is very, very important that people take this seriously. This is a very, very serious situation. I know, we've talked a lot about the needs of vulnerable people, but let me remind you that the greatest age percentage that we're seeing who are infected with coronavirus right now are working age adults and can have very serious complications as a result of this illness. So yes, of course, the risk of dying is much greater if you're, older or you have underlying conditions, but even for those people that are middle aged, there are significant complications for about 15% of them and that's way too high, and so we want people to take this seriously and we'll be looking at additional tools that we can put into place. Should we see no progress in the next little while so is it possible the police or the army could be called in? That's what I want to know is that down there as impossible, there are a number of ways that quarantine orders can be enforced and those could include random inspections. Those could include you know, hotlines. There are a number of different ways that these kinds of things can be enforced and we are looking at a variety of different measures. Should we take that step? Thank, You, Rachel, CTV, ya, rijal Haines from CTV first question would be for either minister haider or Minister Freeland. A lot of cities and provinces have ordered non-essential businesses like bars, salons, spas, restaurants, to close down. Is the federal government going to issue a blanket order to close all non-essential businesses now I'll? Take that answer and then turn to dr. Tam for why? But listen the measures that we take have to be based on the epidemiology of the particular place in which they are imposed. You've heard my colleagues talk about the need, for example, for essential workers, it's very important that what we do is strategic and based on the presentation of disease and what we see as the epidemiology of that disease and how its evolving in the particular areas that are under under those measures. As a rule, the majority of provinces and territories have already confined social gatherings to under 50 I think some have confined them to less than that. People have closed some provinces and territories have chosen to close down establishments that are considered non-essential. In our mind, these are all very good measures. I'll turn to dr. Tam to talk a bit more about the work that she's doing at the special Advisory Committee on trying to coordinate that across the country. I think there's absolutely consensus amongst the chief medical officers that people should say stay at home and do social distancing as much as possible and I think we've seen across the country. Now our schools are closed from kindergarten to grade 12 and also in the area of mass gathering, as the minister has said, or gatherings, and in the description, some jurisdictions are very small and their capacity to deal with a situation is limited and for them the gatherings might be lower than 15 that they would be sort of trying to prevent some of my colleagues that there are, of course, are strong public health measures like quarantine acts where you can engage peas officers as part of those acts to do some of that enforcement. But on the public health side, I know that my colleagues are engaging like public health inspectors who normally inspect restaurants, for example, is checking in to make sure if you, your restaurant, actually stayed open. Are you social distancing? Have you reduced for some? Is you need to reduce your capacity by 50 percent in order to increase that social, distancing and others, depending on their context, have actually closed restaurants for temporary basis? So there are ways in which you monitor whether people are compliant as well um. There are still some businesses, though, that do remain open because they aren't clear whether or not they are essential non-essential they're worried about having to lay off workers. What would you tell businesses now who are still open and need some more guidance? So we are providing guidance in terms of how you maintain your workplace or business, while social distancing, observing hi, judge, hygienic measures and doing all that some good examples are like grocery stores so providing some guidance to those establishment, because people do have to eat and they have to go there, but even as I was shopping this weekend, people have increased the distance between people as they line up and the cashier, for example, but we are providing that type of guidance to businesses, and so you know, I think all of us know that this is going to take some time for us to reduce an impact and level this epidemic, and but essential services must continue. So those are those are absolutely critical and and and in the other cases, depending on your local instructions on things like restaurants, but you know what our advice in general is start or essential non-essential aspects of social gathering and I'll. Just say that, as you know, and as we work through those essential spaces, one of the essential spacious spaces that it stays open is actually homeless. Shelters. As you know, and just today, there were guidelines posted for employees and for homeless shelters to protect their staff and to protect the people that they're serving so clearly. There are many organizations that cannot shut their door doing this time because they are providing an essential service to a group of people or another. But I think the message that dr. Tam and I have been providing to Canadians over and over and over is, if possible, work from home employers. If you have a capacity to facilitate working from home. Do so, and if you are, you know on the weekend thinking of going to a restaurant and it remains open your jurisdiction think again and stay home. We are asking Canadians really to conduct only essential business going to the grocery store going to the post office going to the pharmacy. Yes going for a walk, but within a safe distance, six feet away from the next nearest person to you, and these are the kinds of measures that we all need to be thinking about every day. Not whether or not a particular facility remains open, but whether or not we actually need to visit that facility for any reason, and is there another way that we could get whatever it is that we need delivered to our door, for example, Thank You operator back on the phone for three questions: Clark, it's totally different, Thank You Massie. We have a question from lndustry from another wall. Please go ahead, what's running into it, yeah to follow up on that ministers. What do you think of there are some municipal governments requesting still today that all their workers show up fort unless they can't find a solution for your taking care for their kids? Is that the right message to send when you're you know a governmental body? I will just repeat that employers should be looking for ways when possible to allow people to work from home, regardless of what level of government or what organization or what sector. Now? Having said that, there are some services that cannot be provided from home bus drivers, for example, continued to provide public transit. Although I know that many municipalities are looking at ways to make that safer for bus drivers like having people enter in the back door and ensuring that social distancing is happening on public transit, listen, there are some aspects of life that need to continue and I I appeal to all employers, regardless of who they are to look for ways that they can allow their employees to work from home. And/Or ensure that they're using the best possible guidance to protect their workers when they are actually providing essential services, Oh sweetie and as a follow-up. The prime minister mentioned today that there would be a publicity campaign launched sometime I, don't know: when can you provide more details as to who would be part of it when is it launched and how much it's going to cost me? I can provide some of those details and not all of them. We will get you some that I cannot provide. We had an initial amount of fifty million dollars for a national media campaign. We've been working on some of that product, but that hasn't stopped us from distributing information. Prior to the launch of this media campaign, we've got a number different ways that we're communicating with Canadians, whether it's in social media, in print in radio etc, and much of that is running now we will have additional messaging to Canadians launching late this week, early next Thank You chief. The next question is from initially an alum ago. Canada, please go ahead. Your line is now open. Now, Elizabeth, Thank, You, Minister I knew you were saying that the government could provide transportation for people coming back from from you know, different places. Can you give us more details? How does it work? How? How would you put that in place? Thank you. This is one of those areas where I will quote my colleague, Minister Freeland, who said sometimes we're making decisions and planning the details afterwards. What we're finding is that some people are obviously don't have private transportation from the airport when they're returning and so we're looking at measures that we can put into place to make sure that they are not unwittingly coming into close contact with other people like taxi drivers or other other public transportation riders. We'll have more to say when we have those details: Thank You Missy. We have a question from Sharon turkey from the National Post. Please go ahead what's running into it. Hi thanks for taking my calls the question for dr. Tam, dr. Tam. Today a drug company announced it was donating 1 million doses of hydroxychloroquine to hospitals to use with koba's 19 patients experiencing respiratory distress. However, the Society of critical care medicine recently concluded that there's insufficient evidence to support the use of anti malaria drugs for kovat 19 I'm. One of your thoughts on this I mean. Should we be sending malaria tablets into the hospitals if the evidence to support their use is weak yeah. So absolutely we need the evidence before you can provide medication to people. We've got so many ideas from all over the world. Many researchers saying well, this drug might work or another drug might work. I think Canada is part of an international effort and at the whu-oh and and other international networks, where they've identify really a very vast suite of potential drug therapies and combinations of drugs are already in existence but being repurposed if you like, for covert 19 treatment. So the trial that I've just talked about, which is called solidarity ran by the WTO, was stood up really really fast and of the key drugs that they will be doing. A randomized clinical trial on is the malaria anti malarial, drugs, hydroxychloroquine or chloroquine. So that forms one aspect of that and I think, given that Canada is now part of that network, there are actually appropriate ways at which Canada can be engaged and make sure that our patients who are receiving these drugs are doing it in the most scientific and safest way possible. So there are mechanisms. I also know that the regulatory authorities have Canada the researchers cihr. They are supporting these kind of efforts in different ways as funders of research, but also as regulators. It is absolutely essential that you do science base treatments, because there are so many therapies in every single pandemic. Everybody has hundreds of solutions that they think might work. We can't rule out the fact that it they they don't work, but unless that's just prioritize the top ones that the world scientists think are important and then do proper trials. Well, I'm really impressed with is that this mega trial, if you like globally, where numerous countries can join in, is set up in such a way that it makes it that really really simple to join, and then the results can be analyzed in real time. So I'm really excited about that, and one follow-up. If I can, there are also reports that Canadians are trying to horde these tablets much the way they did with Tamiflu during the bird flu outbreak again, dr. Tam could I get your thoughts and whether this is a wise thing for Canadians to be doing. My message is that you should not take medication without the scientific evidence. It can be quite dangerous. These drugs are not without side effects, in fact, they're quite significant side effects, and so that people have to be really really careful about this. Don't don't do it from a national set of Health Canada perspective. They are the regulators, but they also maintain a very close link to the manufacturers and the supply I and where that supply is going. So there are mechanism to actually monitor to see what the distribution looks like and then be able to actually do something about it. So I think if there were signals of certain massive buyouts, etc, the manufacturers are actually being really really responsible. If they're spotting some signal that supplies are going in a certain direction, there's a mechanism set up to ensure that that doesn't actually happen. Okay, thank you. So yeah, we're short on time. We're gonna do in a spirit of equity to more from the room and to more from the phone Dylan did on the provincial bulk buy I. Think I was first talked about two weeks ago, I'm wondering if any equipment has actually gone out so far or if that's intended for leader, how you're going to prioritize these requests and if you have any sorts of numbers on things actually going out the door. I'll turn to dr. Tam she's, actively involved in the special advisory committee. That's looking at both the procurement side and also the distribution side. We may know how to get back to you with the details, because things are sort of coming in and going out, and there are many different items on that list. But I do know that there are certain types of viral swabs for the test kit that have been distributed as well as some of the some of the sort of other personal protective equipment. But I don't have that specific those specific numbers, but we can certainly get back to people but certainly I think we're getting more and more participation from different jurisdictions. To look at a more of a bulk purchasing approach and just on the coordination of supplies. I've had many conversations with various ministers from across the country over the weekend, as you can imagine about this very topic, and it does appear that there is reflection going on about how we best distribute those to both meet the preparation needs of various jurisdictions, but also the immediate needs of jurisdictions that are really struggling with particular outbreaks and we're going to have to balance both of those. Obviously, each jurisdiction wants to be prepared, but we also know that there is a you know, a somewhat of a surge in certain areas and we have to be also responsive to those needs and the question about data sharing. It appears there's a patchwork of data that the provinces are publishing. Diva Naylor has said that Alberta is the only one. That's showing us aggregate data on zones, demographics, growth rates, the kind of stuff that the public needs and researchers need. Have you asked the provinces to release more precise data, and why is the Ford not that granular right now? Yes, we have and that ass continues and we have offered resources to provinces and territories as well. Should there be a human resource challenge in terms of getting that data to us quickly? That is one of the live discussions. That's happening in one of the areas that I hope the Prime Minister will raise with the Premier's this evening. Yeah. Let me just I promised me: we'd have lots of follow-ups, but yet that is something that patty and dr. Tom have been very focused on and that the prime minister will certainly talk about in the call with the premiers this afternoon. Thank you, Michael, okay, so we have nurses and doctors all license in different provinces. Say one province is super super full with stuff, and you got the doctors, the nurses there's no beds. Can we take nurses and doctors from other provinces? Do you have the ability to do that now or what would be the situation where we could do that? So this is actually part of the years of pandemic planning. We do have a framework or the operational framework or mutual aid and mutual aid agreements, but it is up to. Of course, we have different licensing bodies for different health, professional groups, but a good, but each of them have actually thought about emergency situations and emergency licensing, so that is very much part of the strategy, although up dr. Tam. Actually, you know if I just have the one minister Freeland carbon tax a week, Wednesday goes from four to six cents. A liter on gasoline 50% increase. Is that a good idea? I think our government has been very clear that this is the time where our first priority is protecting the health and safety of Canadians and that's what everyone here has been very focused on. At the same time, we are very aware of the economic cost of fighting this virus and taking care of our health, and so that means we are thinking very carefully about our whole approach to what we are doing economically, both in terms of how we are supporting workers and businesses and also what we are doing on the tax side and you've already seen some action from the government Thank You operator we're going to switch back to the phone two more questions and that's it. Thank You Missy, we have a question from Emily Belcher I, don't chew me go ahead. Your line is now open hi. My question is for Minister I. Do yesterday you talked about making sure all that the directives are uniform eyes. Where are you in your reflection in terms of maybe closing the inter provincial borders, when thank you? Yesterday, I talked about the need for a clear and coordinated approach. That doesn't necessarily mean that it has to be the same everywhere. It is based on epidemiology and the best advice of Public Health in terms of advising around the closures of inter provincial borders. You know that some jurisdictions have done that based on their own particular situation and I. Think dr. Tam talked about that in the Northwest Territories, for example, knowing that they have a very vulnerable healthcare system and a very vulnerable population. Those conversations are ongoing through the special advisory committee and I will give dr. Tam a few moments to just speak about some of that conversation you're having around uniformity around advice to Canadians, so I think all of us agree around the special Advisory Committee and the chief medical officers that the time to really try and make a difference in terms of stopping the sort of propagation of the virus of delaying and reducing its spread is of paramount importance. But we also agree nationally that protecting vulnerable communities is a key objective that we or would essentially practice, and so that means protecting the northern terrace the northern areas, but also the of course, the territories provinces territories recognized that they are very different, epidemiologic situations as well and that there may be quite a quite a vast area of Canada that really hasn't seen anything but the specific introduction by travelers, which is why you're seeing some of these measures being done to protect some of these areas. I think there's also some underlying criteria or factors. That may not be immediately obvious. Some of these measures might be temporary because they're coping where students huge numbers of people coming back, for example, to a territory right at this moment in time. So some of these measures are just to cope with the influx as well, by reducing the numbers of other people, maybe coming into the territory, so they each have the very individual requirements and so I think we're all very supportive of that type of approach. But recognizing that we have significant concurrence around essentially all of the social distancing measures and closing those schools and reducing mass gatherings, etc. So I think that, but the other aspect that all chief met courses will concern about was, of course, maintaining essential services, making sure that North has the medical essentially support that they need they. They are fly-in fly-out communities that must be maintained and also the longer-term impacts, whether it's mental health or other impacts, because if you start impacting social economic conditions that can actually have a very severe impact on health, it's not the kind of decisions that can be taken lightly, but I'm very happy to see that people are actually being very decisive about how to protect their communities. Just on TV immunity, yeah about mental health that you just mentioned. What are the echos you're getting about this? How it pressures, people that already have mental health issues well, I'm very concerned about mental health and I'm very concerned about a number of other situations related to the fear and the anxiety that people are feeling people are very worried and concerned and, of course, forced into situations that they would prefer not to be so. Yes, I'm very concerned about the rise in mental health concerns. We have very soon will have an announcement about a national app that people can download and use to support them in terms of mental health concerns that they have and being able to access support through that app and in the days to follow. I'll have more to say about that, and it's a tool at least that people can use that will be free and that will be available to all Canadians. But I'm also concerned about the rise in domestic violence. The rise in child abuse, the rise in all kinds of situations that we know come when people are in extremely, very, very stressful and very anxious circumstances. I have spoken with my colleague, Miriam Munsif, who is the minister of women and gender equality and rural economic development. I think I got that right wage anyway. The Department of Way aged about things that we can do specifically for is particularly people who are more at risk of domestic violence and how we support families, who are often now caught for 24 hours in a condo with multiple children who may be feeling enormous amounts of fear, anxiety and pressure around the future. Their future and their capacity to be able to support their families. These are real and live issues that we haven't forgotten about and that we are working on every moment to try and come up with solutions to help help people in this very difficult time. Thank You Minister operator, one last question on the phone. Thank you yeah. We have a question from Danielle the glance from The Globe and Mail. Please go ahead. Your line is no hello. This is a question for dr. Tam. In the news release today they say the public health agency is the one that will be working with blue dot. Can you give us a sense of what you are looking for from the company and what information they are providing and the value of the contract Luther is? Is a company and dr. Cameron Khan is a colleague that we work with on an ongoing basis? Actually so there's a lot of innovative thinking in terms of how the applications that they have, but also not just just the tools, but the incredible amount of expertise. That's behind those tools can be used. So while some of the work has been done and looking at the international spread of covert 19, we can potentially use this tool to look at where what's happening within the Canadian context. So that's some of the areas of focus follow-up. Okay, thank you very much to have him at a hundred ways to accompany me. Dk GU, GU, medias of chemical industry, poo vaccine, a leak and ski to 2, cm port on a 300 million dollar set up easy dr. tan, like today, honey she'll, gemalto, the salon see in the downstroke death, xeo, mini-movie, ocsla, no CNU jewelry. So once again we are I said about e15 SSSs -, so that we have already can take care of ourselves and of all Canadians. Thank you. John.