For the the huge efforts that the country's is making to comply with the advice that we being given but asked me such a huge amount asking these students to put their education on hold we're asking people not to socialize in the normal way, and so it's vital that we in government stand behind them when what we are asking anyone to do is so crucial for saving literally thousands of our lives by defeating this virus and unconscious. As as the days have gone by that people, we want to know how long we're expecting them to keep it up and I wanted to try to say something today about how I see the timescale of this campaign and where we're going and what we need to do and I do think. Looking at all that, we can turn the tide within the next 12 weeks and I'm, absolutely confident that we can send a coronavirus in this country. But only if we take the steps we take. The steps that we have outlined reduce the peak and what we've achieved that if we do those techniques, as I've said, then the scientific progress that we're making would start to come into a play. I wanted to discuss a little bit of that this afternoon with you, because we are rapidly declined so much better at understanding. The the genomics of the heart of this virus, and all that is going on in this country were getting better. Admittance would may treat and cure it, and today we put the first British corona patient into a randomized trial for drugs than they treat the disease UK experts. The scientists expect to start trials for the first vaccine within a month. This process is so difficult because the enemy is invisible and the answer is to remove the cloak of invisibility and to identify the box and two men who which of us is carrying it and to give you an idea of what is coming down the track. We're in negotiations today to buy an antibody test as simple as a a pregnancy test that can tell whether you have had the disease and it's early days. But if it works as its proponents claim, then we will buy literally hundreds of thousands of these kits as soon as that, because obviously it has the potential to be a game-changer. There was once human likely to be less vulnerable, you're less likely to possible, and you can go back to work and, of course, by the same token, were massively increasing the testing to see whether you have it. No and Romney are daily testing from five thousand a day to 10,000 to 25,000 and then up at a 250,000 and that knowledge of where the virus is will make a huge difference to our management of the disease and our ability to reduce disruption and economic difficulties and I wanted to set that out, because it is. This is where coming down the track as I say, but it really take time to come on the street, and that is why, in the meantime, to get back to a theme that you know I'm going to repeat, it is absolutely vital that we followed the advice search. We've been hearing over the last a few days, the the announcements that we've already made about staying at home. If you have the symptoms, if your family has the symptoms like avoiding unnecessary contact, avoiding gatherings where you may pick up the disease pubs bars. Restaurants, please please follow all that advice scrupulously work from home. If you possibly can wash your hands wash your hands, and it's by this combination, ruthless, determined, collective action and scientific progress. There already see that we will. We will succeed and I know how difficult it may be when they seem right now. But if we do this together, we will save, as I said many many thousands of lives, and so everybody in the UK who worried about their jobs are less than everybody in who faces difficulties. Because of the advice that we are giving I say to business. Stand by your employees stand by your workers, because we will stand by you and be hearing more about that in the course. The next table, sir, and that is how, by an iterative, corrective determining collective action and scientific progress, I, absolutely no doubt that we will turn the tide of this disease and beat it together now, and you told the country yesterday wouldn't hesitate to take extra measures. People are worried about what that might mean when you tell people what might be next. Will you within days seek to shut pubs, cafes clothes and a lot of people have contacted us today to say the measures set out for businesses to apply to loans? It's simply not quick enough for them to be able to keep their staff on we've had a lot of messages. Is it good enough to say it's a business? You can apply for a loan when many of them face immediate decisions. That might mean they have to look to see cut staff. Yeah decisions are very much liked by the science and the advice given is he's working. So as long as we think that people are actually staying away from places where they may transmit the disease that is working, then you just want to say thank you to everybody for their extraordinary efforts and encourage everybody to do likewise. If we feel nothing, we just got to do it together and please, please follow the advice. Second thing you mentioned this tomorrow from from issue the Chancellor's. You know at the transfer. My message to the business is why I can't just stand by your employees as his widow stand by you understand by this target any different as we come through this difficult economic race. You know how to do you have to make every city know about the baton. You didn't go out there, the people who Reza it's time to make sure that we look after the people who suffer from the first half of the twenty nine deaths today in London, so p.m. I have to ask you in careful and others. Do you not think he is now right to move from those substantial drop down of the capital like they have done in Italy and Spain and France, where you can't leave your house unless you keep Parker, will you go to the shops for food or medicine? Are you not doing that because you don't know how to enforce it when you can't enforce it, or rather you do it, but the time isn't quite right and just secondly, a bit of hope. There will suggest in to the public that if they follow the rules that you can turn the tide on this disease, are you telling people that by the summer they might they just might be able to go back to normal life, go on their summer holidays? Thank you. We do want to see people following the advice that we give them in the capital, which is up as what you say, the place where the disease seems to, but that we need them to consider. You know absolutely necessary to ensure that I'm very confident that we'll beat the virus I think within the next week, but it depends on collective, resolute and doing that, the the greater the the choices that the scientific community will be able soon to come up as I say the fantastic results from testing to say nothing like other other medical treatments. If I could ask a couple of questions, -, Chris, witty, there's pollen concern within the NHS about capacity running short, lungs and hospitals. Could you tell us a bit about how you see the capacity issue agenda? Second, is we also be aware there is a lot of concern among medical staff that they're not getting the protective equipment was. Apparently the system is just not in the right places. How quickly will you be able to get it to the right places and then finally Prime Minister? You came up with 22 number just now, you said 250,000 tests. What what do you mean by that they are they on course, testing is I, think crucial to our success. In defeating this, this virus were making fantastic progress on testing I. Are we had a great meeting in Mexico with people supplied us with all kinds launched at the end when he testified I mentioned much faster and more digital test to see whether he currently have the the disease, not the culture of those to help? Us is obviously enormous, we're not there yet, but we will get there very soon, yeah the testing to public, helping with new parody, leaving the testing on this their products through the 5000. There are proposals to get that much higher through other mechanisms for the virus itself and then the antibody test, if that turns out to be something as well so ideally you'd like to get those sorts of numbers, you'd like to be able to do both testing the infection itself and testing yet packet, you have that we've done a few short weeks. Practically that can be done. I mean the testing, for the virus is a pretty standard technology. It just happens to be your Z precise with this virus, but it's not a new technology event, and if the antibody test is reliable works if seen at that centers. But if it does, then that's what one does it be easy in to scale up pressure in London, so at the moment, London from the corona virus is under pressure, but indirectly, but that's going together. That is actually the reason for doing all of the things we're trying to do and the first thing that will give the greatest pressure Andres perfect system, that's the thing which, in a sense that's the first point of of real pressure on ths, is happen and to be clear, even if everybody does all the things, we hope and really really would ask that they do do. The numbers will continue to go up over the next two weeks because it continues it takes a while for there to be a lag, there's a lag until things start to improve. Now, at that stage, we need to do three things, the first of which is obviously to try and pull the feet down, and that is the key thing that everybody can help with in terms of the social distancing, and let me be very straightforward if the numbers are high enough with high enough proportion of people choose to that. Do. Coming for Sarah social distancing, there's a lot of evidence of huge proportions of people. Are we don't know yet whether it's enough that will cool it down if they do not? The second thing we have to do NHS's issue is to increase the number of beds which are capable of taking whispering patients, because that's the big bottleneck for this particular infection. So that's that's very important and then the third thing you have to do is at the moment all NHS staff who are getting burned getting symptoms that are compatible with this virus are, quite rightly so, fascinating and isolating to their families if they have a household, and that has taken people out of the system, and the key thing we need to do is get the testing out. First, priority was our to use second priority, all the people who got symptoms, but the next priority for us is to get the NHS workers, so you can test them quickly and then, if they've got it fine, they continue, but they know they've married once, but they've not lost it. Then they can come back to work or if the the reason they just ate at home is because one else in their families got symptoms. We would test and see if they've got it on PPE the the there is O'connor there's a local and a global. We steal this I completely understand. This is a obviously in the supplies in there because well I'm on the right ones, and that needs to be these four. This will be even so. This is it. Thank you tikrit question, as if I'm a and firstly to the experts, new data from the Centers for Disease, Control and Prevention shows that nearly 40% of patients sick enough to be hospitalized in the US for a to 2254. Is there any concern that the pandemic is affecting younger people in the UK? Worse than previously thought- and secondly, Prime Minister tiny redundancies are sweeping the country. An Iranian police have said that government is not doing enough to help struggling businesses retain workers. You've mentioned that the Chancellor is going to talk more about this tomorrow, but do you accept that every day you delay announcing new support measures will cost thousands of jobs to go well. First of all, on that variable, emily understands that we will stick by businesses. This country is getting too advanced economies that has the company's remaining parts back. Well. It's absolutely now originally say trust me saying more tomorrow about the package were pretty inflexible. Workers support everybody. Through this difficult time you mean talking that trade unions and others today and I will stick by their beliefs, but is on the second question. You asked it's clear that there are three things that probably people need to think about simultaneously. Firstly, the great majority people to get this part, irrespective of age, will recover from it and most of those very important to make that point first off, because I think that isn't keep fighting for people to remember. It's particularly, it seems to be true for children and white children isn't, on the whole, to have this as a milder disease that probably quite a lot harder in those cases. How the second thing is. It is also true that particular groups of older people- vulnerable people, medically vulnerable, that do get this more severely and if you look in the data from China to look at the data from Italy and if you look at the data in the UK most of the deaths occurring in those groups, but- and this is the point that the u.s. is making and I think is important point to emphasize- that is not to say that there will not be severe voices amongst people who are younger adults, and that is important because it's important the people don't this. This is a significant issue for everybody. Although the great burden of disease will tend to fall in terms of severe disease in the more vulnerable groups, and that's why you're given very specific advice to people who are over 70 or have pre-existing health conditions, that there will be people who don't fall into those groups who will fall seriously ill? Unfortunately, the great majority will not that's somewhere, and so we do ask people yes take this seriously to yourself as well as taking it seriously for all of society and as a way of taking pressure off the NHS. Thank you bar instead of just two just pick. One Australia you've you've quoted this figure of 12 weeks to turn the tide into the first time. You've said that you haven't really defined for as what the tide means, but crystals or Patrick might be able to explain what that would look like. Does that mean that we will be well over this and we'll be returning to our normal lives, or does that mean that we will just hit the peak and we'll be started to go back to the other side? What does that actually is? And the moment proceed? You know in a way that does not seen yet to be responding to our interventions. I believe the combination of measures that were asking them to take and better testing now I can't stand here and tell you by the end of June that we will be on a downward slope, but I can't City can't say that that's that, of course, we don't know where we are, and we never heard of how long this thing will go on. What I can say is that this is going to be finite and we will know the type I can see how well measures are in place should start having an impact on the rate of growth of the epidemic and those are significant measures, as we all know, and they're expecting to then delay and break transmission training chains. So you expect the epidemic to come down and the sooner we get that down the more then we can move into phases as well when we can test and trace and make sure we keep on top of this and there's a start of clinical trials. First, patient enroll today there's the staff of vaccine trials in April, expecting these are things which all together start to tell us that we've moved from a phase of it's growing and we need to take these measures to try and stop it growing. So what we're saying put a lid on it and begin to start looking at what we do beyond that in order to get into the right position, so I think that's where we need to get to and that's the timescale, that's pretty much. It Simon done, probably due to being unnecessarily booster issue. Black things. I also need a want to strike that vector today, but I genuinely think this. We buy the combination of these two things. We will turn a to follow and then I will start to see. We will see the impact of our testing programs on the new tests that will start to see those making a difference, and that is what my message to two companies is is really think very carefully before you. You start them off. You'll start. You do want to stand mind good companies. We do want to make sure that people recognize there's they stand behind their start. They should step. We ended up in the sky, behind British clubs and as I say, you've got more about how to speak fruit from the translator in the air more tomorrow. Above all in the news. Thank you all very much. This is probably each other in deference to the virus. I think that I think there may be a moment when we started to do this remotely, but I hope you agreed that. However we do, it is important that we should continue to have these discussions every day. I do think they're valued by blue, be trying these as candid as we possibly can about what is going on. I hope that you find useful, so we may have to fight through now find somewhere getting them done in a way that doesn't look very else as they're working were not following the advice that we give you get each other, but I see you worried about the most questions, never pledged that if we have to more legible than interrogation, I was absolutely sure gets to ask questions in my business area.