I want to begin by recognizing that a lot of people have now been stuck at home for a week or more because of kovat 19. If that's starting, to take a toll, it's understandable, but we can't afford to stop now. I want to be clear. Social distancing, physical distancing is the single best way to keep the people around you safe. What does that mean? It means keeping two metres between yourself and someone else. It means avoiding groups, it means staying home as much as possible. If you choose to ignore that advice, if you choose to get together with people or go to crowded places, you're not just putting yourself at risk you're putting others at risk to your elderly relative who's in a senior's home or your friend, with a pre-existing condition. Our nurses and doctors on the front lines are workers stocking shelves at a grocery store. They need you to make the right choices. They need you to do your part. We've all seen the pictures online of people who seem to think they're invincible. Well, you're, not enough, is enough, go home and stay home. This is what we all need to be doing and we're going to make sure this happens, whether by educating people more on the risks or by enforcing the rules, if that's needed, nothing that could help is off the table today. We're launching federal advertising campaigns, you'll see faces that you know and trust people from our cultural sector getting out the recommendations from our health care workers. Not having heard this message won't be an excuse. We're reaching everyone. Listening is your duty and staying home. Is your way to serve I? Think people need to get the message that this isn't just about them. This is about their neighbors. This is about vulnerable seniors. This is about health workers who are on the front line. Trying to keep us all safe Canadians can and must do their part to keep us all safe. When we see images of people out enjoying the sunshine in large groups, that is extremely concerning, because they are not just putting themselves at risk, they are putting everyone else at risk. We need to slow and stop the spread of this virus. If we are going to come through this strongly. As a country without losing too many of our loved ones, every single Canadian has a responsibility to engage in keeping their distance in staying home, whatever possible and ensuring that those who have to go out for essential services and to keep keep us healthy and alive and fed are not at risk themselves. Apostasy first pour beaucoup de Canadian key, so she's er there walk dr. John nurse with the protocol recommendation. He sees if we sample beaucoup John, he was a junkie kiss whisperer I think it's frustrating for a lot of people who are listening to medical advice and staying home for their safety to watch other people out there putting not just themselves at risks, but everyone who is staying home at risk as well.