Good morning I'm Brent rusyn, Manitoba's, chief provincial public health officer. Today we are announcing eight new cases at kovat 19, bringing our total cases to 72. The total number of deaths related to codeine, colvett 19 remains at 1. At this time there is one individual receiving care in ICU and another admitted to hospital. All other cases are recovering at home. Currently we have reports that two individuals are listed as recovered. Public health investigations are continuing and to confirm details and information will be updated on our website. Once it's available as a Friday 7000 147 tests have been completed for covin 19 at the cat and provincial lab on Friday there were 919 tests performed. Additional data will be vided later today on our website. Once it's available, Manitoba has its first covert 19 clinical trial underway. This study will test if a rheumatologic drug known as hydroxychloroquine can prevent people from contracting kovat. 19 I want to note that Matt Tobin should not use any drug without medical advice. This trial is being led by a team at the radial T of Health Sciences at the University of Manitoba. This team is recruiting volunteers to participate in the study. The trial will determine if the drug can be safely used as a treatment for cove at 19. People who are eligible include those that have been tested positive for kovat 19, those who live with individuals who have tested positive, as well as health care workers who were exposed to patients with confirmed positive infection. The university is hoping to get as many Manitobans as possible enrolled in a clinical trial as fast as possible. If this study has proven successful, it could lead to lead way to treatment options for Manitobans Manitobans who meet these criteria and wish to participate, should visit covet - 19 research CA. We want to remind Manitobans that public health does not recommend the use of masks and public spaces for people who are not symptomatic. This virus is spread through droplets, created by coughing or sneezing, and it is contagious through close contact to infected individuals coughing into the sleeve good hand, hygiene or are one of our best ways to protect ourselves from the virus. If individual is sick or experience, symptoms wearing a mask can prevent the spread of this infection. Of course, those individuals who are ill should be at home and can call health links for further advice. An updated public health order under the Public Health Act comes into effect, 12:01 a.m. on Monday March 30th. This will limit public gatherings to no more than 10 people at any indoor outdoor place or premises. I want to reiterate that we are not helpless against this virus. That now is the time for action. The social distancing strategies that we've had on in place for over two weeks now that we continue to escalate our best ways to interrupt the transmission of this virus, because this virus is spread through those droplets and through close contact with other individuals. Practicing social distancing consistently will interrupt that transmission of the virus. We all have that role to limit the impact of this virus on Manitobans. The best way to pur to limit that impact is to stay home stay home. If you can, if you must go out, then practice. We, though social distancing strategies, stay two meters from other people, frequently wash your hand, certainly if your homestay, if you're a sick, stay home. This is also quite important to those at increased risk of the severe effects of kovat 19, those over age 65. Those with underlying medical conditions, those with immune compromised, should be staying home as much as you can to limit the chances of being exposed to this virus. I want to remind Manitobans that one of our tools to battle this virus is credible information. Please visit our website at Manitoba, CA /, Kovac 19 for up-to-date information I again want to thank all Manitobans that have stepped up in our battle against this virus. Many Manitobans who are taking extra measures to reduce the spread of this virus. We want to thank our health care workers at the frontlines and want to ask all Manitobans. Do your parts to protect our health care workers on the front line? So, thank you very much and I'll pass it over to Lynette, so I'm Lynette Siragusa from shared health and I'll, just give a quick update on the operational things are happening within the system. So, just to let you know, healthlinks has made lots of changes. They now have hundreds of lines, increased staff and have a cloud-based technology, so they're in the process of testing and validating the numbers. So we won't have those reports until later next week, but at that time we will make sure that we share the volumes and the wait times. Our online assessment tool has garnered almost 10,000 views as of yesterday launching or sorry yesterday and then, since we launched on March 17th, there's been about 330 thousand views. So it's great to see everybody using that tool. A new community testing site will officially open tomorrow in Pine Falls at a coal power view, the ours will be 94 Monday to Friday and as a reminder, those community testing sites are not walk-in clinics. The I referral is needed to go there. Dinah care, as mentioned yesterday, is now working with us to report those negative results. So they will be back at it on Monday and so expect a phone call soon, if you have been tested with negative results, a reminder that if you are positive, the public health team will be calling you expeditiously and just a comment. Yesterday, dr. rusyn sent me an email from altona about some great community spirit. That's happening in the face of all this adversity and it really speaks to what a great province we have. So we've heard about wonderful gestures of kindness and great acts in every community over the past couple of weeks. So I just want to share with you some information that we received about Altona. The residents in that community are placing pictures in their windows, so that passers-by can can see and there's kids who are writing with sidewalk chalk words of encouragement so so that it lifts the spirits of the community there's also a local salon. That's now shopping for customers and delivering goods to their home and a local church is collecting random cards of encouragement to deliver to people in personal care homes. So just a really nice letter from Bonita beige, and we want to thank her for reaching out and finding the silver lining in this difficult time. So we appreciate that very much and we will open it up to questions will be Eric from Global News. So you said in the past that rather than public officials are monitoring people coming to hospitals under respiratory stress. That would be the indicator of possible community transmission. Can you tell me anything more about that? Had there been an increase in people who went into hospital in West respiratory distress in the past few days or it's just consistent? I can speak to that because I'm looking at the numbers, the data right now- and we do know that influenza A specifically, is still circulating out in the community. So we're watching those test results as well as covet 19. The volumes coming in through emergency with influenza, like respiratory issues, are, are definitely they're still there, but they do look like they're trending lower than then they would have maybe a few weeks ago. So we continue to watch and monitor, will suggest to avoid that a possible increase or possible community transitions. I'm. Sorry I didn't catch that question to prevent community transmission. Can you just kind of go over those again and what what what we'll mention right, yeah so great question. So we know that the this virus is spread through droplets in the air could be on on surfaces that those droplets fall on, but it's from symptomatic individuals mostly and from close contact with with them. So all of our social distancing strategies put that in into play that if we limit our contact or close contact with others, then are not going to be able to spread that virus to others and we're not going to be able to be exposed to that virus to others. So we've continually decreased the group sizes, so we've gone from 50 down to 10, starting tomorrow to limits you know, limit the possibility of close, prolonged contact we've. Given the message to stay home. If you're able to stay home, then you're not going to be exposed to this virus and nor, if you did, have the virus you're not going to be able to expose others to that self isolation guidelines. We know that still the majority of cases in Manitoba related to travel. If you returned from Manitoba, you must self isolate for 14 days and monitor your symptoms. You call health link. Should you develop any symptoms, but many of these cases that we are detecting have been doing just that they've been self isolating. They attend care after calling health links and then they're back in isolation. So they've done their part. We've limited the risk of community transmission from those individuals, but we need everyone we're turning from travel, whether it's international or other places in Canada. You must self isolate for 14 days. It's it's one of our best tools right now to limit the importation of this virus, as well as limiting the risk of community spread and then link to that is now is not the time to travel right. We should all be cancelling our travel plans, who were in a pandemic right now. We're seeing this virus spread at a community level around us in at other jurisdictions in Canada, certainly to the south of us. So now is not the time to travel. Now is the time to cancel those plans. Now is the time to stay home, wash your hands frequently and and follow our you know credible information on our on our website from the progressed hi dr. Shannon, the shared vision that you hear from the free pass. I just want to talk a little bit so I know that in other jurisdictions there have been complications are those Kayson areas or key scenarios and everything ever my document from Saskatchewan that was like to the media shows that the worst case scenario there that's could be as high as 15,000. But estimates are between 9,000 and 15,000. You know why I cannot get any talk so far. Of course, key scenarios. Can you comment on that number right, so we have been right from the beginning of this doing different forecasting, but the earlier your forecast, the the wider that range of possibilities, certainly before you're, seeing that community based transmission. So we've had a number of different forecasting models in place, so we could start preparing the the system, but as we get more and more cases, as we have more evidence from other jurisdictions, we're going to be able to tighten up those those models a bit more knowing that, no matter what model you come up with, there is a large range. You know we continually put different interventions in place, and so there is a lot of variables with these numbers, so we are working on that we're. You know likely to have some numbers that we'll be able to share in the upcoming weeks, but certainly we've been preparing based on a number of different tools, but but a lot of variables in place there. Okay, have you been in touch with words? We've got some health authorities and consider our population sizes or any chance that we may see. Similar numbers choose discretion we're in we're in touch constantly with all the provincial and territorial governments, our special advisory committee. We meet many times weekly discussing all these these issues, so we're constantly in touch and we're looking at our numbers compared to jurisdictions outside of Canada. We look at jurisdictions within Canada, so we've been working on all of these. These aspects from a big Sun, Josh I, listen, Josh Aldridge from the unified Sun I learned. If you tell us more about this, this colorful childhood treatment, what kind of a treatment have been looking at and I guess puts the potential of this treatment right. So it's so it's an important work because we do not have a proven pharmacologic intervention for covert 19 at this point, and so the only way to find those things to show that they're effective is through trials such as this. So this medication is hydroxychloroquine. It's been used for malaria, also for rheumatologic conditions, and so right now it's not proven therapy, but we don't have a proven therapy. So these are these trials are essential to to try to. You know, give us those results on whether we may have an effective pharmaceutical intervention. So it's cautiously optimistic, but it's not proven to be effective, but we need trials like this. In order to do so, I need the trial in a trial like that effective or not, and this trial for people who may be so the for trials such as these. That, typically, you need large large numbers. That's there's various calculations on that, but this is part of a multicenter trial, so Matt Tobin's will be linking into other areas that are running a trial, so that immediately gives us the benefit of those large numbers when we, when we start looking at the results, as far as the risks of the medication and a trial, I would direct anyone interested in it to the information that was provided and and the the research team are our best to to list through the requirements the and and the risks you can say to be one of the Jeremy Oh Jeremy, some things we gonna take I'm wondering the public health officer of camera has talked about if it increase in cases in younger people and that something you're seeing here in the problem as well as you want people kind of under the age of forty contracting the virus. We do. We do see all all age groups now with with have contracted this virus. We know that the the highest risk individuals are those those with underlying medical conditions, as well as those over age 65, but we have seen severe outcomes in younger individuals as well. So this this condition is, is important for everyone. It doesn't matter what what's your age is because, even if you do not have a severe outcome by not practicing physical distancing, you could be passing this on to someone who will sustained a severe outcome. So so we do see positive tests through pretty much all age groups at this point, and so it's just important for all Manitobans to be aware of their role to play in this wash your hands frequently stay home. If you must go out practice, physical distancing at all times, maybe some abuse to you, sir I'm wondering, can you confirm whether or not there has been a case in any long-term care? I have not received a report of that from CDT origin, Canada, Catherine, - Logan from CDC heard you Canada I'm, just filling it. Could you tell us what the current capacity is kind of mom is how many tests can be processed daily yeah. Well, this is this figure is shifting daily due to a lot of their innovative methods, and so right now, I would just say that our last report that received from Friday as they were able to test 919 samples, and so that would is what I would report as their current capacity. We're still waiting on on their numbers from yesterday, and so will will be able to publish that later today. Hopefully, I, could you - use of the criteria or who's eligible pretences, so for right now, those that are at highest risk are returning travelers within the last 14 days who have symptoms of aspire to her illness and and those symptoms are really a key for any eligible group. We're only wanting to test symptomatic individuals, fever, cough respiratory illness, short of breath, those type of things, in addition to the returning travelers, where testing is available to all symptomatic healthcare workers, as well as those that are symptomatic in congregate, settings such as Corrections or homeless shelters, and this would also apply to First Nations communities. Thank you very much for you. How many come between go by between the time that you know of new cases and the time that you tell the public about these new cases at these conferences, the so a contact investigation? So typically it would. It just depends on on the turnaround. So once public health is aware of a of a positive result, they will contact the case immediately and right at that time, then a contact investigation starts, and so once they become aware of contacts, those are again contacted immediately, and so it's you know, the the actual time frame is is different. It depends on how many contacts an individual may have. It depends on how much information that case can remember right off the top, so there's a lot of variables in there, but the investigation starts immediately and contacts are, you know, contacted as as soon as as soon as possible, so you don't really have like a working average in what you can expect. No, that would be a real difficult average to come to so certain. You know. Certain cases may have two or three contacts. Others could have up to twenty, and so it's a real tough thing to to average report back we're we're focused on getting that work done, not necessarily recording all that all the times involved. I just wanted a new cases announced, but we have occurred the ages or the sector gender. These folks, where they're found, can you expect to get that information for the cases from yesterday and today that's going to be posted on our on our website as soon as we get that information. So again in our commitment to report cases as soon as we know tomato beans, then often we don't have that information right at hand, and so there will update our website as soon as that's available from City news, George doctor, it's a with the ring ten person that limits coming in tomorrow. Can you just expand for folks watching this? What exactly this applies to? If they go into work tomorrow and just fun people there will way, then being only recommending that home home I guess how they explain that a little further right. So these are our public public gatherings indoors or outdoors, so that ten limit does not does not apply to workplaces. But again, as I've been saying, is that we as Manitobans are in this. Together we were seeing increasing cases, we've seen severe outcomes, so we all need to be doing what we can to interrupt the transmission of this virus. So we have orders in place. We have some tools, but there is no need to to look and see. If order applies to you, you should act right now to limit the spread of this virus, and so this order doesn't apply right now to workplaces, but that really shouldn't matter we're in a pandemic. We need all Manitobans to step up now to reduce the transmission of this virus either. Yesterday the day before already, are you speaking specifically about the visits to emergency yeah yeah. So what we're seeing is? Probably people are staying home, more and and people are social distancing, and there may be the fact that people aren't aren't wanting to come to the hospital and may be going to access instead, so we're seeing the trend not just an emergency, but also on the inpatient medical units as well as critical care. The numbers are lower than what we usually live with. So it's it's hard to know what all is happening. We we consider it it's good, I, wouldn't I, don't know that we've flattened the curve, yet it's quite early on, but certainly that would be our goal and intention and as we look at it, the rates and the growth in other jurisdictions I think Manitoba's doing pretty good, but we still have to be vigilant and and follow our social distancing staying home when we're sick and washing our hands. Frequently. Alright we're going to have time for second round that to America global kind of just spend enough of what an odd question. But how would we know whether we applied the curve and then think that answer seems obvious, but just I, just some clarity on so I guess and dr. rusyn can jump in as well, but when we look at other jurisdictions like China and Italy and Spain, there there's a sudden spike. So the goal is that we can. We can manage the volumes and we know there's going to be spread and we know the volumes are gonna increase, but increase at a manageable rate would be our goal. So we know that there's been two admissions to critical care. We've had one death and we have one patient in hospital right now, so that to us is it's it's pretty flat with that? But we'll have to keep watching like it's really too early to say. We're gonna have to watch the trends and watch the volume over time. Ah, yeah I think that's exactly right. It's it's it's too early for us to talk about flattening a curve. We want to we're still in a bit of a containment right now and and case-finding. If we look at a jurisdiction like BC, where they have over 800 cases, then they can do some modeling to show that their interventions have been having an effect. So for us we'll continue to be aggressive in our social distancing strategies and then absolutely that's our goal, as is to flatten that curve. Again, it's maybe here at the pre-crash, just going back to the first stuff that we had had heard about on Friday as long as you guys are able to comment on how that how that individual contracted for the 19 was back a shallow attitude, so we're not going to release details about an individual case. It was a coded 19, related death and, like we've mentioned a you know a tragic day for us here in Manitoba, but we're not going to discuss specifics on a lot of the individual okay from what you guys have been seeing all Manitobans following because what, if you think well I, shouldn't Lee, you know I think so. I think that Manitobans, the majority Manitobans are taking too seriously I. Think more and more are taking the time to learn about the importance of it. Every day and we were strengthening our messaging because we want to just ensure that message gets out there, but and so it encourage all Manitobans to go to our website, but really it's you know. We talked about the this modeling data and we look at worst-case and different numbers in a way that implies that we're helpless and we're not right. We don't have a number right now that we're going to hit, because we can change that if all Manitobans work together. If we all do our parts to practice social distancing, then we don't. We don't need to worry about worst-case scenarios, and so that's what we're really trying to trying to push forward right now with our messaging. Is that we're not helpless on some modelling number. We can make changes starting right now today to interrupt the transmission, this virus and thank all Manitobans that are doing that right now and encourage Allman's if you haven't yet start today, yeah as part of our planning processes, we are looking at different settings where, where we could expand capacity, if we needed to and that's remembering that the majority of kovat 19 patients are okay in the community, not most of them won't need to go to the hospital, but they do need a safe place to isolate and get through that 14-day period. So for sure not everybody has that opportunity to self isolate in a family or in a dwelling. So we're looking at all options and we will be reporting something in the near future in terms of what those alternatives are. Do you have yeah? We have a few a few things in the works right now and once once, we have a better idea in conformation I'll get back to you from CTV Winnipeg Jeremy last couple weeks, water for several days of the crime, and then we just talked about the importance of having hot water. At a time like this, be able to wash your hands shower, how I need on that is, try and help so I use cook, you know. Certainly the ability to wash your hands frequently is is very important and so encourage all Manitobans to wash your hands as frequently as you can. If we don't have that water soap available, then then alcohol-based hand sanitizers are are effective as well so frequent hand. Washing is a very important aspect to to flattening this curve and public for a little qualification on the numbers when how at 72 cases in the province approximated by two patients that has worked covers are those two more complications included in that total won't back down. That's a great question, so the this is the the issue with our total numbers is that they can only go up, so we will expect them to go up, and so that's not the only thing we need to focus on as Manitobans. Looking at this we're gonna look at those recovered numbers. An important number to look at that we're going to start trying to find a way to report is the is the rate of increase, because that's what's going to tell us, what's flattening our curve or not, and so those total numbers they they can only go up, and so that's not the only indication of how we're how we're doing against this virus. So it's a good, a good question and our recovered numbers are going to go up as well, but they're not going to take away from the total cases. Sorry I just caught my sorry kid, so that means any Republicans will not be attracted from the total number. That's correct. Thank you from my point of view. In terms of monitoring the number of people in public spaces, like parks come Monday when the gatherings are limited to ten or less you are taking federal parks called entrances here in the port that people are flooding into virtually yesterday, for instance, yep. So we there's a number of methods in place to to monitor those type of things. So these groups of ten you know in in large large open spaces. They you know it's. The groups of ten within within that close contact is what we're concerned about right, so we're going to have things in place to to respond to such things. But again it's we're just getting that message out to Manitobans to ensure that they know the importance of staying home. You know getting out. Getting some exercise in certainly is important. We need to take care of ourselves during this time. We need to be not mele isolated. We need to be reaching out to to others and keeping in touch, but, if you're getting out to to a park- and you notice that there's crowd starting, you need to turn back. This is not the time to to ignore our social distancing strategies. We have to maintain that two meters between other folks and we have to keep, keep ourselves healthy, but right now is that time, strict adherence to social, distancing, strata, geez, okay thanks this might be for Lynette Dennis, follow up it's outside senator isolated people who are traveling in from northern Manitoba like they were. You know, returning from international travel. No, the answer is no. They they they rely on us for their health care and especially if it's based in facilities and acute care, so we we continue to serve them. Thank you very much. That concludes today's media briefing. Thank you. Thank you.