Good afternoon my name is Adrian Dix I'm, the BC Minister of Health. Beside me, when I left, dr. Bonnie Henry, the provincial health officer, were honored to be here on the traditional territories of the Musqueam of the Squamish of the slave of tooth people. Just to give you an update on the next day, we will be providing a briefing to median the public tomorrow at noon, Saturday at noon, and then we will at that time bring you up to date on the times of next week's briefings and with that I wanted to introduce dr. Henry. Thank you good afternoon, and so I want to start off by telling you than the new cases that we have for today. There are 11 new positives so far, today, - a total of 64, as we are increasing, seeing increasing numbers and it the challenge and the time it takes for the investigations. We won't be able to give you as much details on each individual, but we will make sure that you have the information that you need to understand what is happening as this pandemic progresses. So, with respect to that, we now have an additional outbreak or a cluster of cases in a facility in the Vancouver coastal region. So as they announced earlier today, there are three administrative staff at Lions, Gate Hospital who have tested positive and obviously the investigation is ongoing to make sure we understand where they got this and also to ensure that the rest of the hospital is safe. They are not people who had patient contact, and there are measures been taken at Lions, Gate Hospital, to ensure that everything can be done as safe as possible there. We also have an additional case related to the Linn Valley care center and it's a close contact of one of the health care workers who is identified earlier and we have five more travel related cases and it's a reflection of what we discussed yesterday. The increasing risks and countries around the world that we continue to have people who come in from those countries, and now we have the additional ones that we know are from today, are from Iran Egypt again as well, a tour and cruise on the Nile, the Philippines and Mexico, and these are areas that are more newly identified as as having issues with transmission in communities in those areas, two cases are still under investigation and I don't have details on them. Yet all of the cases from today are in the Vancouver Coastal Health Region. In terms of the cases existing cases, we have two people who are hospitalized now when we talked about yesterday and somebody who was newly hospitalized last night, six have recovered and the rest are in isolation at home and are being supported by public health teams did want to talk a little bit about some of the measures that we introduced yesterday. In particular, the advise against all non-essential travel outside of Canada and people have been asking about why? Why, outside of Canada and and particularly, we know a lot about what is happening within Canada and it is still safer, although, as we understand across the country, we are starting to see increased numbers of cases and it's a reflection of how we are part of a global community and a global pandemic, and we also need to talk a little bit about essential. And so, as I mentioned yesterday, we felt it really important that we get the message out, particularly as many of those schools are starting March Break as of today. So we wanted people to be forewarned about these issues, and we know that the Government of Canada has now put a travel advisory, that's very similar to ours and the requirement for people to self isolate on return. So we have. We have deemed essential people who are involved in the movement of goods and people across our international borders. So we are not including all truckers, for example, people who provide bring manufacturing goods into into and out of the country, flight, crews etc, and we've had some discussions about that today and would have provided and will be providing more specific guidance to industry. But the important thing is not that they're, free and clear, but we do know these are risky, and these are risky travels and so aircrew, for example, people who truck back and forth across the border. They need to have an active monitoring program, self monitoring. They need to have access to the ability to clean their hands, regularly. Enhanced infection control in in on trucks on ferries, on airplanes and those are all measures that are being put in place and they they need to be supported to check themselves daily for symptoms when they come back and stay away from others stay away from mass gatherings during that period of time. Having said that, you know there are many things we can do we're not talking about shutting down society. Here we are, it's still very safe today, in BC all across BC, to go out to go shopping, to go to restaurants, and in particular we have a lot of things that we can do outdoors, which are very safe things to do. This virus does not transmit when people are outdoors so go outside and play with your family. Go up to our ski hills. Go up to whistling. You know, go out and experience what we have there in in British Columbia right now in terms of public gatherings. You know: I've talked to vote yesterday, making it not allowing gatherings over 250 people, and the rationale was based on practicalities, not science, but it's a number that we can work with to ensure that distancing measures are put in place. I am saying that today, I'm going to make a provincial health or officer order to make that mandatory and I understand from the the investigation that we've done into this, that that allows people to trigger insurance and other things for for events that have to be canceled because of this direction. So we're going to do that as well. So really I think it was a bit of a shock for people, and we talked yesterday about how this was of such a rapidly evolving situation over the 24 hours leading up until yesterday, and now that we're getting into the details and we're realizing that these are important things for us to do, and the reason why they're important is because we need to stop and slow the spread of this virus in our communities here in BC to buy us the time to ensure that we can flatten that curve and May and protect the most vulnerable people in our society. The people who are in our communities, who are more likely to have severe illness or to die from this virus and to allow our health system to be able to to build up and account and accommodate people both who have this virus and safely look after their everybody else who needs health care in our system. So this is the time where we all need to do our part. We need to stay away from others when we're sick. In particular, we need to cover our mouths when week off, we need to clean our hands regularly. We need to enhance our cleaning in our environment, and then these are the things that we do to protect ourselves from getting ill, but also we know that this virus is most likely to be to spread to the people who are closest to us. So we need to do this, to protect our families and our close friends and our communities and not everybody who comes back from travel and gets sick needs to have a test and we'll be providing some work items to support people if they have an illness, mild illness that doesn't require you to to seek medical care to support themselves at home and I. You know: we've been tested on our testing in the last little while, and we now and I've said this before for people who don't have any travel history for people who have milder illness and there that we need to prioritize the people who need to have a kovat 19 tests, and you may not need to have a test. We clearly do not need to have tests for people who have no symptoms. So if you've come back from travel and you've gone through your 14 days and you've not got sick, there is no need for a test and so employers I know. We've had questions. Why can't we just test everybody and- and you need to have a test before you're safe to come back. This test is not necessarily valid for somebody who is not sick, so there is no reason to test anybody. Who's, not sick and there's no reason to require a note for people who've been off. We don't want people to have to go, see a practitioner or medical practitioner if they've been off on quarantine because they've been traveling or for other reasons. So we are requiring requesting people not to request physician notes for people - for people to be deemed safe to come back to work, and no, you don't need a test either. So we can do things to stop the spread of this virus in our communities. It is not inevitable that we're going to have a major surge in a short period of time, but those are the things that we need to do now to protect our communities, to protect our families, to protect our seniors and elders and I'm, calling on everybody in DC to work with us to do that. Thank you very much, dr., Henry and I think that's been the key of really everything that we've been asking people to do and say in the last wha do and in their own lives and for the health system to do. We should do everything we can to to contain, but also to slow down the growth, the growth of the number of people who have the Cova 19 virus in british columbian. So all of our actions are designed for that and everything in our plants, including the challenging days and weeks ahead and perhaps months ahead, is about ensuring that we do just that, as as dr. Henry has said, that's 11 more cases today. That's 64 cases in total, all 11 in Vancouver, Coastal Health today. So for those of you who are looking at the distribution of that that's 39 in Vancouver coastal help, 23 and Fraser Health, one in island, health and one in interior health, six. Those people have now recovered with two consecutive negative tests and of course, tragically one person has passed away in North, Vancouver I wanted to pay tribute again and I know. Dr. Henry will join me in this to all the people at the BC CDC and all the people in primary care across the province. We, the bc, CC cdc posted this morning. The number of individuals tested this week previously, we've done individuals a number of tests, they're approximately 8,000 tests, but were focused on the individual numbers. As you know, as of last week, that number was 2008 this week at six thousand three hundred and twenty-six. That's forty three hundred and eighteen tests in a week, which is an extraordinary achievement by everybody involved. Everybody involved in the system and we are focusing on those tests, and I want to re-emphasize what dr. henry has said, because, as we develop other models for tests to be and for samples to be taken from people from swabs to be taken from people that the people who need to are the people who have been referred to have a test done based on their health information. It's not for everybody and it would not be useful for people who are not symptomatic to have tests at all. I want to note that some people out there are still proposing promoting tests that may or may not have any validity for a cost. There's no cost to test the british columbian, nor will there be ever for Cova nineteen. I wanted to note that we are starting to build out that network of testing facilities and we'll have more to say about that over the weekend. I think, what's important than that is to know that that is, some people will go for referral so that they can address things more safely. It's not a place for people to go without referral or without recommendation. I want you to know that, as part of that, a part of our work with the doctors of bc to improve that we're working in fact meeting as we speak as if you Minister of Health and others are meeting with the general practice services committee on this working together to see how we can improve things, how we can improve referrals and how we can allow doctors to make referrals and make assessments more simply both sometimes in person but safely and sometimes at a distance. Yesterday we had a number of requests for information about different health equipment and so I'm going to read off some information, as requested yesterday, number of acute care beds by Health Authority 1447, an interior 2577 in fraser health 1928 in Vancouver, Coastal, Health 1770 in Island, Health 571 in northern health 309 at the provincial health services authority that children's and women's we were also requested information around ventilators and in addition, I should say, ventilators are being extra and ventilators are being ordered by the province and we'll announce them upon arrival. So that we're not we're telling you, when things actually arrive when things actually open, not what we are we've requested and and the number of ventilators in the interior health is two hundred and twenty-nine in Fraser health is four hundred and nine in Vancouver Coastal Health is 216 in island, health is 155 in Northern, Health is 116 and in the pH si that's the provincial Health Services Authority, there's 147 for a total of 1200 and 72 I'll. Give you a further breakdown on that that critical care, surgical, ventilators using the hospital er 956, their transport, ventilators, 164 home ventilators, used to manage chronic patients in their homes, 120 and there's a fourth specialized machine, the ECMO and their 32 of these machines, which pump and oxygenate a person's blood outside of their body. I just wanted to say so. That's the information we requested yesterday and, as I said, we're happy to respond to requests for information, as was made by a number of reporters yesterday. I wanted to say a couple more things just about eight one, one that we have done in the last three days. More than and thousand calls completed calls on eight one one. We understand that there's significant pressure and lots of people have trouble getting through, but I think. The main message we're saying today and every day is that if you're sick stay home and helping help yourself get well and be patient with these services, eight one one has done an unbelievable job in the last week, essentially tripling the number of people that it talks to every single day. That's the incredible addition and service and we're going to continue to work, to see that that happens with, in addition to bringing in more nurses and so on, and we're going to provide more information about additional numbers. People will be able to come to relieve some of the pressure on a one-one in the coming days and so I wanted us to say in conclusion that all of this is to say that we know what we're facing here in British Columbia. We are part and we're dealing with our share our element of a global pandemic, and that is going to challenge us and put tests on us and I think the response. If you look at the response of the BC CDC to date, the response of dr. Henry and her team, the response of health authorities has been extraordinary and expanding service, but we're going to be tested in the coming days as well. Currently, we have I believe it's two people in acute care today, two people in acute care with Kovan 19. We know that that number will grow over time as the number of cases grow, but- and it tells us, though, it tells us that we have to focus on our focusing that care right now in the community. Things such as 8, 1, 1 things such as providing better access to care and testing and information in the community and finally, we're all part of this, and if we want to push the curve along, as has been said, if we want to avoid a spike we're all part of it, and so when we ask people not to travel outside of Canada, that's playing out playing our part when we ask people to stay home with their sick, that's playing your part when we ask people to wash their hands regularly and on between 40 and 50 today, I think, myself, that's playing a part! You ask you to throw a clean X's and not touch your face. That's playing when we ask you to support other people in the community, that's playing a part all of these things. We have agency here to help one another to assist one another to protect one another as a society as a community as a place. This is happening in the world and it's coming towards us and we have been dealing with it I think very well up to now that the challenge is in the next. Four weeks dwarfed the challenges in the last four weeks and how will do it deal with that best is to deal with it and for everybody everybody in British Columbia to play their part. Thank you and more happy to take question mr. Dix and before we launch into the Q&A segment of the event, I would like to let the media know that the government is launching a joint information, coordination center or gic to manage covert 19 communications across government, and perhaps media may already be receiving some correspondence from members of the government. Governments. Jic team government will also have phone lines available for the media in the very near future. In the meantime, please continue to contact specific ministries with any media requests, and the jic will work closely with each ministry to respond to your requests and we're changing the format of the presses. The daily presses a little bit. We request the media to ask just one questions so that we can accommodate a large number of questions. We will take questions from the room first and then go over to the phones at time permitting. We will be able to take seconds, but for now I request the media to please ask one question: each we'll take questions from the room. First, any questions here, CBC go ahead. Can you hear me Andrea with CBC News we're hearing that urgent care centers like the one on Hornby Street, are overwhelmed with people who are wanting to be tested? What is being done to ease the pressure, reduce, wait times and keep staff safe as well yeah, so these are some of the initiatives that we're working on and part of it is people to understand that not everybody needs to be tested for this. We know that it's not spreading widely in our community yet and at some point, if it is spreading quite widely, we won't be testing. Most people will only be testing people who are in hospital or where there's a cluster or where there's an outbreak potential so that we're able to to manage those effectively and the advice for everybody is if you're sick, stay home. There's care guides for how to look after yourself, if you're sick at home, how to look after your family and when to seek care. If you start to get worse so I know, Vancouver, Coastal I know actually across the province they're working to try and manage some of these issues. They've done a tremendous job at the UPC seas and in particular that one and they've arranged things so that the personal protective equipment is available in those sites and that people are coming in at various times when there's not other people there. So it's a lot of logistics to try and support that and to make sure that only people who are prioritized and need to be tested are are able to do that safely and quickly. In the case of the CMR medical clinic, who are partners in these, both in North Vancouver and in Vancouver that the the team there has done an outstanding job, it's a challenging circumstance. What we're trying to do is to provide ways by working with doctors all over BC trying to find ways to improve the situation. I'd also note that we've had a very positive response. We've asked people who are recent retirees, both as doctors and nurses, if they're prepared to come back- and we are will report on this with details later, but we've had to date an excellent response and it shows I think the commitment of the medical community to people to people here so we're doing work right now with the doctors on all of these issues, from how we'll be able to deal with more people remotely how we'll be able to deal with people on sites and and facilitate testing for those who ought to be tested budget, but just so everybody understands when we open such sites or if we were to open such sites, it's not for people to go yeah if they're, if they haven't been referred there by anyone, we have to make. We have to have tests for people who need tests and those decisions will be made by medical professionals. Thank you. Next question: hi I'm Sam fan with crackdown podcast. Our editorial board is made up of people who use drugs on the downtown side, many of whom are immunocompromised. Our board members have to go to the pharmacy every day, because the restrictions not allowing them to get methadone carries others top-up in the black market. We don't understand how they are supposed to do is socially isolate. Will you change rules, the rules around opiate agonist therapy to allow people to have caries and carry a supply with them more than one day, and will you give our editorial board members and the other vulnerable people in Vancouver a safe supply of drugs? Thank you yeah. You know my my views on safe supply and pharmaceutical alternatives to street drugs and I'm. Obviously, a very much supporter for that and I know. We have a number of initiatives ongoing that we want to increase. I will also say that we are actively working with with organizations in the downtown's, the east side, in particular, but in other communities as well to support means and ways of protecting people from this virus, but also allowing them to not have to congregate in certain ways, including ways to safely provide them with the the medications they need. Absolutely I don't have the details, that's one of the things that we're looking at yeah and if you remember, as we did the plan last week, I mean one of the challenges up to now is this has been the Cova 19 cases have been largely linked, not exclusively linked to international travel, and that's a different community, obviously than people were struggling with addiction issues of all kinds, but there are a lot of vulnerable communities, we've seen seniors in care and other communities and that's a key focus of what we have to do now in this phase. Should the virus become more generally distributed to people around BC next question: I am guys from CTV question. Is other provinces are opening standalone, dedicated testing clinics in Ottawa won't open in hockey arena today? Some clinics are doing drive-thru tests. What are we doing? We have a variety of different models that are being designed for different communities, so we have, as I mentioned before, done the drive-thru thing in some areas we are looking at. You know. I was at a meeting today where we've been talking about some of the strategies that we can use in different places, and it's a challenge. It's been. It's we've had methods that have worked really well in some communities and in the last couple of days many of them have been whelmed, if not overwhelmed. So we need to address new strategies and we need to focus and make sure we can prioritize the people who need to get tested and I mentioned that we get a lot of I've been getting quite a lot of complaints from employers that want somebody to be tested, who's, not safe before they'll. Let them back to work. So we need to disabuse people of that notion that that is of any value at all yeah and just just and just to start, I mean we. We believe we do have seven operation, including one in Victoria. Today, we're not going to tell you what the plans are. We want to open them, rather than say we're going to open them. So once they're open, we'll be briefing here about the details of those things. But yes, let me say first of all that we've done more testing by I think a significant margin than any other jurisdiction within the existing circumstances. We face and I think you've seen that the numbers demonstrate that we did. We tested well over well 4,300 additional cases this week have, after having done more in the previous five weeks as well at 2008. So we are succeeding, getting a lot done and, as you point out, there are some pressures in that and some primary care providers, and so we're gonna address that in different ways in different health authorities. But all of the ideas are on the table that you've heard elsewhere and once they're in place, of course, we'll announce them, but only when they're in place. Thank you. Next question. Radio Canada Boogedy Samba at Zoo, Canada I'm all be asking the English and maybe a French statement. Afterwards. There are a lot of British Columbians who are abroad right now. What is the recommendation for them? Should they return and if so, how should they plan their travel yeah? So we are asking everybody who's abroad. I was going around outside of Canada self isolated for 14 days on the return we do recognize that there are some essential workers and we've made some provisions with individual groups. For example, we know that there's health care workers that, if we had everybody who was off not being able to come back to work, would leave us in dire straits. So we've made some provisions for safely coming back to work in certain circumstances, for people who provide direct patient care, but we are requiring them to actively self monitor and then to be in isolation at home, not to go out and about in the community during their business like everybody else, so those things will be in place for four critical workers in the community as well, but we're working through the details of that, but the bottom line is we're asking everybody to come back to self isolate. Thank you. Sip ask the cat karamakov, Clancy and general: stick is Avon's card. Please Oswald! We see dr van der DISA face was on cADCA I'm, prepared to on Columbia Brittany kilogram majority. Madness sound unleashed on the bankers are edges until Vancouver Coastal Health on a fee, a user and a Nouveau chief naval chief report latest on can be with any kind of a on to for this. Any video on a similar saw van sees test unit fa la semaine, Daniel satellite, a DeMille with tests at the dear Cosette in augmentation. The cat Milt was on this week's ok coming extraordinary Felice. It Miroku, let's revise determined, OBC CDC, a Kiev, a suit rabbi, extraordinaire dunk on a fait beaucoup de and I'm Booker's sale had sued me Evo, unfair proofs, 0 rock on a new lyric and I saw he knew someone trendy travelers. We were effective, maneuver Lanka, dejan rest easily on our cattle, you of Aprilia rotor on Columbia Brittany supported amount to laze and WA. A Nepali OPA dele Rahu de Jong Caribbean machine may sit in a pail general madness. It in Kansai general, a say, the lovely gaseum, a civic due to amount to swivel citavi. Thank you next question. Vancouver Sun I was worrying about the funding. What sort of guidelines they have gotten from the Pharaoh government and also if there is an emergency since the apartment, seems to be suspended for a while wow you got to get that funding. If there's an emergency that you really need that. Well, as you know, foresaw the federal government has offered its support to us as part of its 1 billion dollar plan, which has a number of elements, but one of those elements is providing support for provinces. Clearly, British Columbia and Ontario and Quebec are the three provinces with the most cases. Although Alberta has has quite a few now, and so what the Government of Canada said is those provinces that need the resources and most will get some as a government. We haven't put any financial restrictions on our need to address this question. It's a question that is required for everybody, so we are providing the resources that are needed to deal with this, because, in fact, the more we're able to push the situation into the future, the were more able to protect people, the the less the financial implications will be so all of that money. Although the money we spend on testing on resources on bringing doctors and nurses back on set on on ensuring that people are safe, supporting them in their homes, supporting them in their communities, all that is money well spent. Thank you my last question from the room before we move to the phones and that's CP. Thank you. I appreciate it yeah brento, with Canadian Press I'm, actually just wondering about how concerned you may be about folks who might be asymptomatic, people who are displaying minimal symptoms and just given the escalating numbers yeah so um we still have a relatively small number and if we look at which I have and the people that I work with are watching very carefully, particularly those countries that have a lot of cases, so China Korea Italy now, and it really shows that a symptomatic spread is tiny. It's not what what is driving this outbreak around the world. It is when people have symptoms and when they're close to people and when they're coughing and when they're sneezing and when they have fever. That's when your most infectious. Having said that, we do know that early on people may not recognize their symptoms, so particularly young healthy people may not realize that they're feeling unwell and that's why we've been emphasizing any symptoms, even if it's just that I feel like I'm fighting off something that tiredness that fatigue. That means that you need to get away from others self, isolate. Let your body heal see what happens, and so it's really really important that we start that early. Thank you we'll go over to the phones now and another request. Please one question: each: we have a lot of media lined up on the phones and the first question is from Richard Sussman Global News. Please go ahead, dr. Henry! What is your buddies? The snowbirds who are currently out of the country out of British Columbia, should they return back home to British Columbia earlier than planned. Yeah, that's a very good question and you know we've been saying all along that this is evolving very quickly and people need to judge their own risk about being caught up in in quarantines and now it's a quarantine here. So people need to understand the risk in the place that they are and many snowbirds and parts of of the US may be in places that are not having a lot of this. So if they do come back, if people do come back home, then across the country now they'll be asked to self isolate when they get home and we'll need to monitor them carefully, because we know the risk in the United. States is also very variable and is moving. Thank you next question: Shannon Patterson CTV hi, dr. Henry and Minister Dix. So if eight one one decides a test is needed. If somebody calls they meet the criteria. Where are people being sent for that test? Is that urgent care centers or is it still hospitals? And if we do open standalone clinics like they are in Ontario? That one in Ottawa today are you're concerned about a lack of supplies because we're hearing from doctors that masks are running so low? They don't have the right supplies so and you'd think a standalone clinic. They would need a lot of supplies yeah. So a couple of things one. We have always been directing people to community to get their testing not to hospitals and we've actually very successfully mostly done most of the tests in various places in the community. So eight one one does refer people to clinics to the urging primary care centers. It depends on where it is in the province. So each of the health authorities has identified the areas and the people and the practices that will provide these testing, where the challenge has been is providing supplies to across the board and that's why we're becoming more focused now and there's some assessment centers there's some the urgent primary care centers. Some of them are in standalone places in public health centers, for example, and sometimes we actually send people to in their cars. Two parking lots and a nurse will go out and test them, so that allows us to make sure that we have that the places that are doing the testing have the appropriate supplies and we have not had a shortage in the key areas. There has been a challenge in providing all primary care providers with the PPE that is necessary and that they need in their offices and that's been a supply challenge around the world. So that's why we're we're focusing on specific areas that people can be referred to and those are exactly the issues and that we've been working on with with doctors in various forms this week to make sure that a and because this is very important, that they're, safe and protected and B that we can provide the maximum service. But I would say that the the numbers tell a story of a system. That's produced a lot of tests and that reflects the extraordinary work at now. Five sites, the in terms of processing the tests around British Columbia, especially led by the BC CDC and then by the work of primary care providers around the province, has really been exceptional. When you consider all of the issues involved and the amount of testing that's taking place in this province. But we know that we have to support people even more and that's why they're going to be even more options for that in the coming week, as testing increases. I just didn't want to say there was some concerns about this, the swath being in short supply across the country, and we've been working on that and we believe we have a solution for that. It's not been an issue here and we not been an issue, yet we were getting close, but we think we have a solution for that. So that's good news and hopefully be used across the country. Thank You Angela junk. Now that everyone's coming back to Hannah's being asked to self isolate what are some of the best practices, especially for people who live in apartment building, should they avoid shared laundry Suites? So what exactly does self isolation? Look like yeah, so self isolation means staying in monitoring yourself for symptoms. The you know the trying you can go out in areas where there's not other people around avoiding mass gatherings, avoiding going out to communal areas with people. And yes, if you need to do your laundry, that's fine as long as you're not having any symptoms. So it's been very careful about how you interact with others. Try and go at a time when nobody else is there. If other people are there go back and come another time there there's guidance that we have about how to do this effectively on the BC CDC website, and we have some details, but what to do. But the big thing is to to limit your interaction with others during that period of risk and there's many things that we now have that allow us to get medications online to get people to drop off food and communities have been coming together to support people in that and that's what we need to do now, all of us, because it protects all of us and we don't have a treatment for this. We don't have a vaccine for this virus, so the best that we can do is keeping people away from others during that incubation period and that's why the 14 days period is so important. We want people to stay away from others, so as soon as they develop symptoms, they're, not passing it on to anybody else, and we can break those I say it again. We can break those chains of transmission so that they're not passing it on to somebody else and that's the best that we can do right now and that we all need to do it collectively and it's the way that we keep each other safe. Thank you next question: Mike Haggar, Globe and Mail go ahead. Please I wanted to know, as they cover coastal health on anything, to reinforce Gopnik caring, I've, been balancing faith and, as a precarious nation, nature sort of the job in many nursing homes exacerbated the risk, because that often work across several facilities, sometimes in the same day. Yes, and- and that is something that we're very aware of and has been a large part of the outbreak investigation and the concerns that we have- and we know that the two care home operates, that we have and Holly Byrne and in the Linn Valley care center. That staff were working in both of those areas, and we know that the contracting out of services means that people can work in multiple different ones. In terms of dealing with these two outbreaks, people are restricted to working in those facilities. Only and we've put in provisions our Vancouver Coastal has put in provisions to support health care workers in those two facilities and to ensure that that doesn't leave other facilities that are relying on those workers as well in the lurch. So it's been a lot of Human, Resources and juggling and ensuring that we can do that and I will say. We are looking at a broader strategy, particularly in the care homes that we have, because we know that, once it gets into a long-term care facility, it can be a very challenging virus. It can make people who are elderly very severely ill, and we don't want. We want to do our best to protect our long-term care home. So we need to look at a strategy, at least for the next, while to try and better protect them, and that could include looking at how we manage staffing for each of the care homes and not having as much transmission of staff between them. Thank you next question: Cindy Hartnett times colonist hello, dr. Henry, you were you were talking reassuring people about you, know, being able to go shopping and to enjoy restaurants and and outdoor activities I'm. Seeing conflicting studies now about how long the virus lives on hard surfaces, stainless steel plastics. That sort of thing do you mind going over the science of that of how long the virus lives in in different conditions yeah. So this is a droplet respiratory virus, which means it's in the saliva that we breathe out and it can last on surfaces and depending on humidity and temperature and sunlight sunlight is a very effective UV light is actually quite effective at killing this virus. It can last on surfaces for hours, sometimes maybe days. That's why it's so important that we enhance our cleaning, it's very susceptible to all of our regular household cleaning products, and if we don't have a regular household cleaning products that one in 10 leach solution works very effectively as well, and it's also why it's so important to clean our hands, and you know we don't get infected by touching the virus. So if we're on the bus and somebody is coughing and there's gunk- that we get on our hands from touching something that has been contaminated, that is not how we get infected. We get infected by taking that and touching our face and eyes and inoculating ourselves. So we that's why we talk about how important it is to clean our hands regularly and particularly when you're out in a boat. If you're and high-touch areas, then you want to make sure you have alcohol hand sanitizer with you or you hit the sink with the soap and water and soap and water plain soap and water is your the best thing that we can do to remove the germs from our hands? So that's the really important piece about it and we've been working with businesses. We've been talking about this with transit with BC Ferries, enhancing the cleaning that we do the routine cleaning in those high-touch areas, the places where lots of people are because that also kills this virus and gets it off those surfaces. Thank you. Next question: Amanda Follett's dyi go ahead I'm and are you there? Okay next question: Marcello Bernardo news: 11:30 hi there I'm hoping to ask about we've, been hearing some reports that we're gonna have some drive-through testing centers. Can somebody clarify about when that might happen? If it might happen over the weekend or how soon can we actually see it? Well we're looking Myrcella at a number of options to have testing centers around the province and will be once we're ready to go and they're established we're gonna. Let people know I think what we've tried to do consistently is say: here's a service, that's in place, and it's in place here and now or will be in place on this date at this time, and so when we're ready to make announcements you'll be amongst the first hundred reporters to know. Thank you next question: Jane side, Northshore news, that's hello! Dr. Henry I am wondering the outbreak into to care homes here on the North. Shore, have people asking a lot of questions, so I guess I'm wondering if you are actively looking at the possibility that there are other care homes here on the North Shore that may have been affected and also whether you have any idea how this was spread by the workers between these facilities, especially if people were hand washing and disinfecting properly. How did that happen? Yeah very good question, and these are absolutely paramount for us in the investigations and I have to say the team at Vancouver, Coastal Health has been on site. The public health team has been doing detailed investigations and tracing back, who touched who, when so, we can find out exactly how it was introduced into Linn, Valley and Holly Byrne and which one came first, you know those are the things that are challenging to understand. Is it related to travel and I? Don't have the we don't have the definitive answer yet, but it's becoming clearer and it's becoming clearer how people may have transmitted to each other. So we know that this is transmitted through close contact and we know that workers have close contact with each other. They also have close contact with the residents and prior to the outbreak being recognized. There was not people who were not wearing masks and things like that in the in the care home, as is the usual, so we do have really sensitive protocols for identifying when there's an outbreak in a care home or respiratory outbreak, and we have been investigating all of the care homes in the Lower Mainland and de Fraser Health and Vancouver Coastal have been messaging to all of them. We put in measures to reduce the number of people going in and out of long-term care homes in in the Lower Mainland to make sure that you're only going to see your family member to clean your hands to not come in when and that's the really really important part. But yes, the detailed investigation of every single staff member and where they worked and making sure that that care home is protected is the first order of business in the oak break protocol. Thank you. Next question: Michael Vancouver courier yeah hi good afternoon, dr. Henry Minister dick heard today that the federal government is going to restrict some of the airports that people can land at who are abroad. Have you heard anything more from the federal government on that and what that looks like in terms of a provincial role when plane lands in British Columbia? Well, we will be hearing more from the federal government. As you know, with the prime minister and premiers met today by teleconference. I think we'll be hearing more on that issue in the near future. It would be, of course, our expectation inevitably that one of those airports would be YVR. In any event, we are engaged always with why they are so the Canadian border service agency and the public health agency. Quarantine service are based there and we have an ongoing relationship with them. So when we know which airports are involved, we'll make sure that the protocols are in place to identify anybody who sick and make sure they're assessed appropriately. Thank you next question. Graham wood, glacier media- please go ahead. Hi to transmission is being announced. They claim to consulted with public health officials, but of course, here BP directly, barely the BP continued to operate under your guidelines. Are you aware of what advice DC Hockey was giving? Is this or is this an evidence of an overabundance of caution or an unbalanced approach, or do you think recreation facilities are on the verge of closure? I'm? Sorry, you broke up a little bit but I think what you're asking is you know what advice was BC hockey given around the the interventions that are appropriate and I I have to say that I'm actually incredibly disappointed that the NHL was cancelled because I had tickets for Tampa Bay on Wednesday, but but I think is the right thing to do and it was the appropriate thing to do so. What we've provided advice is around gatherings that have more than 250 people, and it's not talking about day-to-day things, we're talking about one-time events or events that happen periodically. So there are ways that the hockey teams and players can continue to play. There's event there's some games that can still happen, but they need to be undone with appropriate precautions in place and same with gym same with recreation centers. So you want to make sure you have space between people. You want to enhance cleaning, you want to make sure, there's availability of of hand, hygiene or soap and water for people to use on a regular basis. You want to make sure, there's signage and that people don't come in if they're sick and that you allow for people to cancel out or to not come in if they're, not feeling well and then within teams, there's things that are important to do like not sharing of water bottles, not having that close contact in in the locker room in ways that are that you can do that safely. So that's the advice that we've been given. If people feel that they're that they can't do it within their setting, then then they may make the decision to close down or defer things. Thank you. Next question is from Arthur Williams, Prince, George citizen. Please go ahead. There hasn't been a detected case in northern Health yet, but I was hoping to get some census. Has it been any active testing done in the Nha area? Is there and does you know, do some of these rural northern communities have the infrastructure to even handle it administer tests? Yes, there has been testing in a number of areas in the north you're right, there's not been as much people who've been at risk from travel or other contacts. There have been a number of people who have been under observation in self-isolation because they had been in contact or had traveled to an area that had been that had been a high-risk area, so we do know that they are watching carefully there that we're also testing from the north for people who've getting a test for influenza, for example, they are looking at. You know. How do we support smaller communities, where the testing volume is not that great and really our focus in planning has been? How do we ensure that we keep people who might be at risk of having this virus outside of many of our small communities or remote communities or communities that don't have a lot of healthcare support or in our indigenous and First Nations communities around the province, where we know that there may be a higher proportion of people who are elderly or people who have underlying chronic conditions? So that's been part of our focus as well and I think these measures that we're talking about around travel around self-isolation around doing the things in our community to best protect our seniors and elders are really important in the north and as they are everywhere and just say, northern health 30 has its own emergencies, operations center there and they're, making their plans and the First Nations health authorities, which is also very active in the region, is fully integrated into those plans as well. Thank you and one last question from the phone. It goes to Phil McLaughlin, Black Press. Please go ahead. A published report in the Okanagan state says upwards of 50. 800 people will die in the Okanagan I'm just wondering if the province is aware of this and yeah well, I think if we look at the number of people, who've died around the world and the number of infections that doesn't doesn't ring true to me, and so people may have been doing some blue sky back-of-the-envelope estimations based on things like we talked about yesterday on some of the models that are based on the early phase in in Wuhan, for example, where there was a rapid increase in in people who've been infected, but even then, once you put in measures that slow things down drag things out, make sure that we do our best at prevention and and detecting cases and clusters and and preventing spread from people. We know have the disease we can affect that so that we don't see those types of numbers, and we are absolutely committed to doing that. Thank you, and that was the last question. Thank you all for participating. Thank you.