So, today, I'm advising that we have 32 new presumptive positive cases in Newfoundland and Labrador Western Health Region has its first case. It does appear to be travel related. However, the investigation is ongoing and I don't have any more details at this time. The other 31 cases are within the Eastern Health Region. This means that we now have cases in all four health regions. Public health is initiating contact tracing and those who are close contacts will be advised to quarantine. Our total number of cases is now 67. The ages range from 8 to 78, and everyone is still at home. No one has been hospitalized, we have tested thirteen hundred and thirty-six people of these individuals. Twelve hundred and sixty nine have been confirmed. Negative, so I want to assure people that contact tracing is underway. I understand that as people are tested, they may experience anxiety as they wait for their results. Public Health is working tirelessly to get results back to people as soon as possible. However, it will take some time for you to hear back about negative results and we appreciate your patience as our case numbers increase. The priority will be on contact tracing. This process helps us identify other cases and to prevent further spread of this virus, and we are casting our net wide to ensure that we identify all cases as many cases as we can and to help curtail the spread. So the fact that we are finding more cases right now is an indication that Public Health is doing its job and that it's working unless you are sick, a test result will not change the steps you take. You should be staying at home and acting as though you would be positive. If you become sick, you should call eight one one for further direction, and if it is an emergency situation, you should call 911. Excuse me, even if you receive a negative result, you are still required to finish with the remainder of your 14-day quarantine of the 61 cases in Eastern Health region, at least 44 are associated with calls funeral home in st. John's 8. Other cases are travel related and the remainder are under investigation. I want to speak now to those who attended the calls funeral home in Saint John's on March 15th, 16th and 17th, based on Eastern Health Public Health investigation I am ordering you to stay at home and self, isolate until April 1st this virus for most people presents with mild symptoms. The days of going to work with the sniffles are over. If you are sick, you need to stay home. This is for everyone's health and safety. Thank you.