In the u.s. California has now reported his first death from Cove in nineteen and the governor of that state. Just declared a statewide emergency. The latest case to be confirmed as a medical worker who was screening passengers at Los, Angeles International Airport cities like Los Angeles, have also declared a public health emergency which will trigger more state and federal funding to help deal with the outbreak. Eleven people have now died in the u.s.. There are more than 150 known cases across 16 states. The virus is also spread to America's biggest city. There are now six confirmed cases in New, York City, including the first case of communities, spread a lawyers in lawyer in his 50s who works in Manhattan, has kovat 19 and where he got it is not certain. He has spread it to others. New York's governor says the man's wife, two children and a neighbor who drove him to the hospital, all of whom live in Westchester County, have tested positive they're now at home in self-isolation, and the man is in critical condition in the hospital there are going to be dozens and dozens and dozens of people and the more people you test, the more people you're going to find public health officials. There are now tracing who the newest case came in contact with staff at the man's law, firm, are being monitored. The school and university his children attend of closed temporarily New York's transit system is ramping up disinfection to try to minimize the spread. The biggest outbreak outside China is still in South Korea. More than 5,600 people have tested positive there and that's overwhelming the hospitals. At least 32 people have died to try to stop the chain of transmission up to 10,000 people a day in South Korea are being tested. This is one way they're going about it drives through testing centers. It is quick. It keeps people away from clinics and emergency rooms and reduces the risk of spreading the infection. South Korea has screened more than 100,000 people Italy and the UK are two other countries to watch. Italy is taking drastic action now all schools and universities are closing tomorrow for at least 10 days and for the next month all sports events, including major rugby and soccer matches, will be played in empty. There are more than 3,000 confirmed cases in Italy and 107 deaths and in the UK. The number of positive cases also jumped today to 87 the worst case scenario says: the UK's chief medical officer is that up to 80 percent of the population could be infected. Crystal commencing is in London tonight halting education nationwide from preschool to University Italy's Prime Minister says the country is fighting with all measures against kovat 19 Giuseppe Conte says we felt it was the right thing to do to suspend educational activity until the 15th of this month so now saw them enter the cordon self parent, says, I completely agree and I hoped for this decree, because I feared an outbreak in the school. The military is preparing to help care for those who are ill. It shared video from multiple sites being set up. The Italian government warned that, no matter how good the health system is, it is at risk of being overburdened. A third red zone is being considered to restrict the movement of people in hopes of slowing the spread of the virus, and there are plans to ban public events and shut down movie theatres measures that could be in the near future for UK residents. We're not at the point yet where we are asking large numbers of people to self isolate. Knowing compliance could be an issue Prime Minister Boris Johnson and its Conservative government will bring in legislation giving three more days of statutory sick pay for workers who are self isolating hospital. Emergency rooms in England now have coronavirus, pods they're set up to separate, potentially infected people from everyone else, basically, their small shed like structures at the hospital entrance where people can check in Donna all right crystal commencing in London thanks.