Body the IMF see International Monetary and financial committee representing our 189 members. It demonstrated strong unity of the membership in the face of a serious threat to people and the world economy. Clear commitment for action in a coordinated manner before I go any further, my deepest sympathy to those affected all over the world. We are determined to act to reduce the risk and impact on people. Let me first frame the objective of this call: the IMF Seacole first to place our scenarios about the potential impact on the global economy in the context of what we know and what we don't know about coronavirus, second, to concentrate on a framework for how to think about the shocks and how we the membership, the fund, the World Bank other organizations can support those affected by this crisis in an effective and coordinated manner and third, in that spirit of collaboration to learn from each other, especially from the countries that are on the front line of response to the outbreak. So what we know we know the disease is spreading quickly with over one third of our membership affected directly. This is no longer a regional issue. It is a global problem calling for a global response. We know the outbreak will eventually retreat, but we don't yet know how fast this would happen. We don't yet know how the virus would respond when treatment and vaccine will be available on scale. We know the shock is somewhat as unusual as it effects significant elements of both supply and demand. Supply is disrupted due to morbidity and mortality, but also the containment efforts that restrict mobility and the high cost of doing business due to restricted supply chains and the tightening of credit demand is also falling due to higher uncertainty, increased precautionary, behavior containment efforts and rising financial cost that reduce the ability to spend and these effects spill over across borders. What we know from experience in similar a crisis is that about one third of the economic losses from the disease will be direct costs from loss of life, workplace closures and quarantines. The remaining two-thirds will be indirect, reflecting a retrenchment in consumer and business behavior and a tightening in financial markets, in other words, the impact of uncertainty. We also know that we have a sound financial system much more resilient than it was before the global financial crisis. However, what we are wrestling with is uncertainty, and that defines our projections, which, at this point, lead us to state that global growth in 2020 will deep, deep below its last year's levels, but how far it will fall and how long the impact would be is still difficult to predict. It would depend on the epidemic and it would depend on the timeliness and effectiveness of our actions and I want to focus on on dose number one priority in terms of fiscal response is ensuring frontline health related spending to protect people's well-being, to take care of the sick and slow the spread of the virus. I cannot emphasize enough how urgent it is for authorities to lean forward in funding outbreak, related health spending, and they need to match demand with supply of the necessary protective and treatment health health products. This is particularly challenging for the countries where health systems are weaker. Where is ponds capacities weaker and it calls for a global coordination mechanism to accelerate matching demand with supply of what is necessary for the health system to respond and I can tell you that we, the World, Bank and I'm, are stepping in taking our responsibility for this global coordinating mechanism. Number two: there are macro financial policy actions to tackle the demand and supply shocks that I mentioned before, and the aim should be to stress no regrets actions that shorten and soften the economic impact that are timely and targeted to sectors, businesses and households that are hardest hit and I was very encouraged to hear during the call countries stepping up exactly that type of targeted, effective actions. Our role is to accelerate the the the transmission of practical practices, so the global community can act faster and more effectively. We are faced with a generalized weakening in demand, and that goes through confidence and true spillover channels, including trade and tourism. Commodity prices, tighter financial conditions. They call for an additional policy response to support, demand and ensure an adequate supply of credit. Third, adequate liquidity will be also needed to offset financial stability risks and a number of central banks are also stressing contingency planning for situations in which they may be working from home, and some disruptions very encouraging to hear how seriously this is being addressed. So, in short, it is a fast evolving situation. It requires a high degree of coordination and we are determined to deliver on that. So let me finish with how can the IMF help? What is our response? We can be a a force of support for our members at risk. Those with weak health systems, inadequate policy, space to commodity exporters that are exposed to terms of trade shocks and to others that are particularly vulnerable to spillover impacts and I, can tell you I both David, Malpass and I are particularly concerned about our low income, most vulnerable members. These countries would see their financial needs rising rapidly, as the human and economic cost builds up. We are working to identify highest vulnerability, so we can be ready to step up, and for that we have three sources: one thanks to the generosity and mobilization of our membership. We rely on one trillion dollars in overall lending capacity to for low-income countries and for emerging middle-income countries. We do have rapidly disbursing emergency financing up to fifty billion dollars. That does not require a full-fledged IMF program and three we have catastrophic containment and relief trust. It provides eligible countries. These are the poorest of countries with upfront grants to relief, I map that service we caught on our membership to step up. We now have 200 million dollars. We would like to increase this capacity, so we can respond to the most vulnerable. So let me finish by saying: we are fully committed to support our members. We heard their call today this morning. We have the tools to help and we are coordinating very closely with partner institutions. Thank you. Thank you. Managing director president Malpass. Thank thank you and thank you Kristalina for the for the cooperation, the coordination, the good working relationship and I share your expression of sympathies to the families and to the communities that are being affected and will be affected by this tragedy and virus I. You were talking about the IMF C, so yeah I want I want to separate a little bit the governance structure yesterday, I presented to the World Bank Group Board, the policy package, and we announced a twelve billion dollar package yesterday. What the World Bank is doing is working to provide a fast, flexible response based on developing country needs will be bringing virus related operations forward in March. The speed is needed to save lives at this point, and the breadth of the response is key to its effectiveness, most effective, if is, if it's broad and brings in many countries that are working to reduce the transmission of the of the pathogens with the in order to do that, we're providing technical assistance, also goods and services, so that will help prevent and limit the local transmission, including laboratory equipment and systems, to ensure that cases cases of the virus are promptly identified and traced. Goods such as gloves, masks, portable ventilators and also health infrastructure, such as the stocking of emergency rooms, clinical care, quarantine facilities and the actual building of those. So those are those are a core part of the package we announced yesterday and also the convening with the w-h-o, where the World Bank Group IMF are working closely with whu-oh on on the on on the on the cooperation with regard to procurement and other important technical matters. We need a system for real time, community-based disease surveillance and that's conceived in the package that World Bank Group announced yesterday. It so I won't go through all the details with you, but two core things: it's a twelve billion dollar package, of which six billion dollars is IBRD and Ida, and that enables and allows special protection for poorer countries and then there's also six billion dollars from the International Finance Corporation. That's critical, because it's private sector financing, it's fast-acting and it takes the form of trade, finance and working capital finance, which are one of the most needed goods within this with one of the most needed services that can be provided during this crisis and the the and there there can be additional resources on a needs basis. As of yesterday, there were 12 countries that had expressed need I want to mention. Also that pandemic emergency financing facility it the pep bands that people have talked about it- may provide more additional resources if it's triggered. So in the in the explanation of that facility. It's not money coming from the World Bank, but it's money coming into the facility from capital markets and so that's an important potential source of new new assistance. Let me turn now to the economics. The health issues are very are have uncertainty, so do the economic issues we're doing the World Bank working with the IMF, doing extensive analysis on global value chains on tourism, on commodities, the the decline in commodity prices and also the connection to corporate debt. There there's the clear need for financing of small businesses and of innovation, and so that that is done through short-term floating rate capital financing, which is exactly the instruments the World Bank. Using in this. In this, it's important that the fiscal and monetary stimulus not shift resources away from working capital. We want to really find ways to supplement and augment the availability of working capital, which is the capital companies need to import goods to build up their rebuild their inventories. So it's the short-term financing, that's critical during a crisis. What we know is that frozen the amount of frozen capital in the world has gone up substantially, and so what we're trying to do from the World Bank side is unlock that capital and and allow it to continue into working capital in some. The speed and breadth of the response is crucial to its effectiveness. That's what we're were were were set out to do and then looking beyond. If we can take one one moment beyond it's important to work, to increase the resilience to shocks, to improve health systems and to make growth, oriented structural reforms within economies and also build this system of working capital that I was describing so that we can leave a faster growing world after the crisis is, is passed through Thanks. Thank you very much. Let's turn to your questions in the room. Please identify yourself by name and affiliation, keep the questions short and we'll try and take as many as we possibly can. Let's start in the front row here, yes, sir, thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. I'm reporter from CCTV and CGT and Gabriel yeah I got two questions. First, it's that managed directly I mentioned some updates on global economy and also previously I'm, a particular about the corona virus situation, presents a reshape impact on China's economy and recently a lots of economic activities in China have been resumed. So I wonder if there is any general assessment on the recent economic behavior in China and also the second question is regarding to depression. Malp has just mentioned some structural reforms. Now many countries are dealing with this coronavirus situation. Some are doing relatively well. Some are still facing challenges. I wonder from the perspective of the IMF and or Bank is there it has this epidemic situation review of some vulnerabilities in the global level that needs to be talked on in the future. Thank you very much and, let's start the front row here. Yes, sir. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. I'm reporter from CCTV and CGT and Gabriel young, yet I got two questions. First, is that a metamagnetic director you mentioned some updates on global economy and also previously I'm a predicted that the corona virus situation presents a reshape impact on China's economy and recently lots of economic activities in China have been resumed. So I wonder if there is any general assessment on the recent economic behavior in China and also the second question is regarding suppressed Malpass just mentioned some structural reforms. Now many countries are dealing with this coronavirus situation. Some are doing relatively well. Some are still facing challenges, I wonder from the perspective of the IMF and the World Bank. As there has this epidemic situation reveal some vulnerabilities in the global level that needs to be tackled in the future. Thank you very much in terms of our projections. We unfortunately, over the last week, have seen a shift to a more adverse scenario for the global economy. We are working on updating our projections and we will come up with those in the next weeks in our World Economic Outlook update as I said in my opening. Under any scenario, we see growth in 2020 falling below the level in 2019 for China. We have heard from the Chinese authorities encouraging reporting on restart of production. At this point they report 60% restart and they expect by the next in the next weeks, to go up to 90% 100%. This is welcoming news for China, and it is a welcoming news for the world. We would like to get more specificity on understanding of the epidemic before we bring to you a assessment of what what people, what would be the letter to use so bear with us? We would take a bit of time. It is that uncertainty of the spread of epidemics epidemic beyond China that we need to carefully reflect on and put our second question, miss Mabus as several thoughts on na, and so as far as lessons learned, it's early. One thing we know is in previous crises, the World Bank was involved and did a extensive evaluation of what tools worked in what what until we're drawing on that in creating the response to this current crisis. What we know is information is critical during the crisis and information systems, and then there there is the need for countries to prepare and it where themselves for disasters, because they are not all that rare and and use prevention, as as the as the best starting point, and we do have countries that are that are better prepared for this crisis and I and they're they're they're they're able to respond to the crisis more quickly and that's critical in avoiding the spread. Also I'll. Take a note with regard to sanitation and health systems, and the need for global expertise is applied to those. So a chunk of the world bank's activity in countries is aimed at the at the health system and the sanitation systems that are so important and we have the crisis response window and other specific tools for for disasters that are coming into play now. So key point: is we evaluate constantly, as far as what tools and instruments are going to work best and then try to evolve that effectively? Thank you, but let me take writers in the front row: Andrea Andrea, there's a mic here. Thank you. So much I understand that there's quite a lot of uncertainty and that you're unable to give us specific projections at this point. But can you can you be a little bit more specific, and can you also explain what it was specifically over the last week that caused this great galvanization of everyone in the entire financial community? I mean we saw a lot of action yesterday, the Fed lowered rates, you say a little bit more to about the monetary response things. The second part of your question is more straightforward to answer. It is the sheer geographic spread of the epidemic around the world. As I said in the beginning. Now we have one third of our membership. Having experienced cases of coronavirus, it is also the additional knowledge that has been accumulated on how the virus spreads, and it is unfortunately spreading undetected more than initially was thought so the moment it became clear, it is no more just about China and maybe small number of countries in Asia surrounding China. Then the outlook on what the impact could be change. I must stress that we have been looking at different scenarios. We made ourselves clear that, in a case that it is only China and it is contained in China rapidly, there could be a milder impact than we said it could be a v-shape impact, but it is no more the case and that led to the answer to your second question. What we can say with certainty is that we, as we were spelling out, we have a baseline scenario that is relatively mild impact, and then we have more dire scenarios we are considering. Unfortunately, we have moved in the territory of this more dire scenarios, but we want to carefully assess before we come up with a projections, the two factors that would be determining what we would come up with shortly in the next week's would be learning more about the outbreak and learning more about actions taken and their effectiveness can I. Add one thing: sorry just just because you do you ask to be specific. The the best specificity I can give you is that what we are assessing now is a bottom up on a country level. What is the impact and how that aggregates in our projections and I want to I want to be very frank. As long as we do not know the duration of this outbreak, we will be in a higher uncertainty space. The positive result today this morning is a very high degree of mobilization and cooperation, very impressive and I'm sure a president Malpass would have the same, take and measures that are being put in place in a number of countries that are well targeted measures and they are going to be helpful to soften the impact and hopefully shorten the duration. I just wanted to add the on the economic side, the global supply chain and recognition of the of of the impact, and then the importance of the private sector in that. So as the as the as we prepared our package, this six billion dollars from the International Finance Corporation that private sector arm of the World Bank is, is important because it directly addresses some of the supply chain problems that we think are have have are occurring. Thank you. Thank you. Alphonso FA, please hello, Alfonzo Fernando from the Spanish newswire FA a yesterday. The Federal Reserve make like a emergency rate cut. Do you think that this cut was appropriate? Do you think that that call has made the markets a more confident or more nervous? Thank you. What is important to recognize is that central banks are closely coordinating with each other and the degree of coordination over the last virtually the last days across the world has increased. We do need to have measures that are bringing a sense of confidence and, in that context, different central banks would act differently because they have different space and different priority. In that regard, we are keen to see attention paid on the financial on financial stability, while at the moment the financial system is in a good shape and I want to stress again. There has been a lot done since the financial crisis to put us on a better footing. Today we do need to anticipate risks, and one of one of these risks would be around access to credit, not yet demo demonstrably, but we have to think about it in the court today there was a very important message that came from one of our members, and it is at the time of uncertainty. It is better to lean forward better to do more than to do not enough and that that applies to health systems, and it applies to a policy measures and to working capital, so I enjoy underscore and David was called it. The the nibbler for credit, as you said, and the availability of that credit for for the short-term growth needs that are out there Thanks. Thank you, I'm, going to take Bloomberg in the front row Eric good morning, Eric Martin, with Bloomberg News I, wanted to ask managing director about the you've mentioned that there is some degree of unpredictability in terms of the exact levels for global growth. With the revisions in the economic outlook. Are we in danger of seeing is one of the scenarios being studied the possibility of a global contraction, and if you can talk a bit about for both of you, President and Managing Director about the thought process around the the IMF C and the committee meetings, and we understand the virtual meeting format for the for the broader meeting. But what are the considerations behind what to do with these two particular bodies? Thank you, yep. Thank you. Thank you for the for the question and with the risk of repeating myself multiple times. I would stress that at this point, what what we are confident to state is that growth this year would fall below the level of last year and we would need to be carefully assessing bottom up from analysis of country-by-country data and, of course, on a global level working together with with the World Bank. What are what are these scenarios to present to the public? We again with the risk of being very repetitive. It is the duration of the outbreak that is at this moment of time, difficult to predict, and it is also we are at the time when measures are being put in place, we will see demonstrably the effectiveness of of these measures over time. What I believe that there is a high degree of cooperation that is in a moment like this is absolutely necessary and it would help us to come through this crisis in in a better in a better way. How we all talk again, we will come to this I'll answer on the virtual question. So the with growth below last year recall it was already slow, global growth, so it puts in a particular burden on developing countries on poor countries and we'll be addressing that in the development committee meeting, which occurs in April, uh and I expect it to be virtual, meaning rather than people convening in Washington there'll be audio-visual, and the bank has substantial capability. I think we'll have a a useful, Development Committee meeting under this scenario, but the the a key point is if growth is slower from an already slow level that puts a big burden in I. Think it's incumbent on on people not to have measures taken that channel credit away from the working capital. That's so so importantly needed so that that's a key. A key criteria in deciding and thinking about measures could I. Just sat on the virtual meeting two points one this morning we did a dry run and it was a very effective meeting. We got all the business of the committee done - as we move forward to planning the meetings we are going to have other focused discussions as well, so I don't want anybody to be left with the impression that we are abandoning the agenda we had for April. We will just change the modality and the format of this agenda and for those of us who care about fighting climate change, we are going to have a less carbon footprint this spring unfortunate event, but with this benefit, thank you. Let me take the lady in the second row. Yes, ma'am. Thank you very much Gary and I'm John. She was trying to place too tight a media all night. First question is the flat cut interest of Rebecca percent yesterday and we met we see like the market, seems think it's not enough. Do you still do recommend us to further cut interest rate or to do more like fiscal stimulus and secondly, to those countries without my monetary policies? Based? Do you think it's time for them to do a you know fiscal stimulus thanks as I as I said in in my opening comments. We do prioritize macro fiscal measures, first and foremost addressing vulnerabilities of the Health System. In other words, we tell finance ministers instruct the health authorities to urgently finance those measures that are critical for the safety of people, people first and that means masks facilities for containment. If that is necessary, as mr. mapa said respirators and the protective equipment, so medical personnel can do their job. This is a no regrets policy. A very good measure where we would be concentrated on is to make sure that, as our institutions and countries themselves provide financing to buy these goods, they are actually produced and available, and that is the point I made in the beginning about global coordinating mechanism for demand. That is, that is, of course, going up to be appropriately met by by increase of production, repurposing of production facilities, if necessary. For so we can say the money is here: please produce it ASAP and the second area of fiscal measures that we recommend are those that are well targeted to address the supply and demand shock, shocks and already measures of that nature. I'd be being put in place in different countries. They they are around funding social protection expenditures, making sure that people who stay home because schools are closed. They can have income to support their families, that there is credit available for small and medium-sized enterprises that there is a restructuring of debt service temporarily, in other words, giving a couple of months, especially for companies in the sectors and the physical geographic areas most impacted, and that is so very important to do. We and then mr. Malpass would say, and we need to have working capital. So, yes, we recommend those measures very strongly yes and make sure that the central bank actions don't take working capital away from this very pressing, pressing need, but I wanted to address. You framed the question in terms of fiscal and monetary stimulus and I want to add in regulatory stimulus and structural reform. So one of the most powerful thing countries can do almost around the world is take actual actions to improve their policies so that the the prospective growth rate for their countries can be pasture so rather than think of it as a temporary stimulus. Think of it as an investment by the world in growth. Some countries are doing that now and we're encouraging more to take the important structural reforms and regulatory reforms that enable more supplied thanks. Thank you. I want to go online and take a few questions, because we've got very many journalists online and I want to go to other parts of the world. The first question is for both MD go-giver and president Malpass, and so on, Africa. How much is from today, news Africa how much support can African countries, especially in sub-saharan Africa, expect from the IMF the World Bank to counter this health and economic impact of coronavirus? We we have done a quick assessment of countries at highest risks because of combination of four factors: weak health systems, exposure to price shocks because of commodity export orientation, vulnerability due to spillover impacts from other countries and limited fiscal space. It is unfortunately clear from this analysis that sub-saharan Africa presents a particularly important area of focus. We do have up to ten billion dollars available for low-income countries to tap in with zero interest rates, and obviously we would prayer prioritize countries, especially countries in Africa that have already been faced with difficulties. Some of them are programme countries of the fund today, and we have a trust fund that allows for the lowest income countries to pay their obligations to the IMF. So they can use this fiscal space to fund priority investments only to add the the World Bank has both either 18 and either 19, which are very large funds for poor countries that are fully operational, and one of the things we're doing with the package I announced yesterday is is: is of speeding up the reprogramming of that assistance to meet the current crisis. It's based on the immediate that needs of the countries themselves and also is in the context of of of reforms or of improvements in systems that countries are making in order to either meet their current health needs or look forward at at new system. So there's substantial financing available and we're accelerating that process through the announcements yesterday. Thank you again a question for both principals. This is we're moving to the Middle East Al Arabiya. What impact could coronavirus have on your projections for the oil-producing countries in the GCC? We recognize that all producing countries have already been hit because of the drop of demand for oil and all prices. Crude oil prices have already tumbled by more than 15 percent since the beginning of the year, and that translates into some 10 billion dollars of lost revenues across the men, our oil exporters. What we are looking into is what would that mean in terms of impact on growth? Most of the countries do have buffers, and that is a good time to use those buffers and we are like recommending to everybody. They also need to focus on making sure that they prioritize health expenditures. First, as with the rest of the world, we would come up with our more detailed projections once we we can sort out through the uncertainty today, but obviously growth would be below our earlier baseline scenario. Okay, there's another question: it's coming from Jiji Press and Nikkei, but it's a broader question than Japan, and it's asking IMF you had indicated growth for China would be zero point. Four percentage points lower this year. Does that still stand and how about Japan and how about Europe and I guess growth prospects against a question for both both principals? Well, we do go to our earlier projection for the impact of coronavirus on China within dropping from six percent to five point: six percent growth. That was our baseline scenario, with two very important assumptions that the crisis is limited to China it doesn't spread across the world and that it is fully contained that has not happened. We have seen this last week that our baseline scenario is no more valid already. Then we looked at adverse scenarios, including for China, in which the impact on growth for China is more significant. The Chinese authorities themselves are recognizing that there would be a lower growth this year. We again we will have to work on the numbers, but it is very unfortunate that I have to say that may that baseline scenario no longer holds I'll just add information is coming in and we're assessing and monitoring the situation in terms of growth, but I wanted to make the mention that the private sector is forward-looking and so important in the growth is, is what what do? What does what do? People around the world think will be the outcome, and so that gets into you can think of it as confidence, but it's also working capital. It's also the structural reforms and the regulatory reforms that I mentioned so there'll be a dynamic response from people around the world based on what they perceived to be the actions and coordinate. The coordination that we're doing I think is, is intended to show the the intent of the IMF and the World Bank on that front, and we've seen the statement from the g7 and I think all of that adds in to the possibility of private sector beginning to think about future investments, even even as the as we're learning more about the extent of the crisis make a very important point, and it is, we know from prior experience with these kinds of epidemic outbreaks that they eventually would be retreating, and there would be eventually a treatment vaccine measures that protect the world. What is hugely important today is to focus on building a bridge between where we are and that time when we would see a recovery to make sure that the impact in meanwhile is softened, first and foremost on people, and also, of course, on businesses and the economy, and this is why I would urge attention to concentrate on action that is done in effective, coordinated manner. Thank you that gonna make that the last response, but I want to give president mulpus an opportunity. I thought that was a good, close agree. We I just thank you. Everybody for for in is for being here and thank you Kristalina for for leadership, in coordination in the IMF C this morning that that body and we'll be focusing at the World Bank on bringing forward operations over the next just couple weeks, maybe three weeks to be very responsive to the to the immediate needs of countries as they as they are, as we work together on them Thanks. Thank you, president I'll pass. Thank you and Igor Gotha, thanks to all of you for coming today and for our many friends who have been on line today and we'll be in touch in the coming days. Thanks very much.