Good afternoon we just completed today's meeting of the white house. Coronavirus task, force and I couldn't be more proud of the efforts of the men and women standing behind me or all of those standing behind them. President Trump said from early on that this would be a whole-of-government approach and today gives evidence of the fact that it is also a whole of America approach, we're bringing the full resources to the federal government and the full resources of of this great economy and our great business sector to bear in protecting the American people and protecting American families. A few updates from today, as we continue to expand testing availability across the country testing, is now available at all state labs. By the end of this week, there will be more than 4 million more tests made available in jurisdictions around the country. 1 million are already in place thanks to the good work of our top commercial labs that the President Trump brought together yesterday, LabCorp and quest are in the process now of distributing and marketing coronavirus tests all across America and we're working with state and local officials to ensure that that happens as rapidly as possible. But as the testing is expanding, we want to make sure the American people knew that testing was available to them and that cost would not be a barrier. Today, President Trump assembled the top health insurance executives in America and, as we announced earlier today, all of our major health insurance companies have now joined with Medicare and Medicaid and agreed to waive all co-pays cover the cost of all treatment for those who contract the coronavirus. They've committed to no surprise billing and they've committed to encourage telemedicine. It was a year ago that Medicaid actually expanded to pay for telemedicine. Medicare pays for telemedicine so now for seniors, who may think that they are either at risk or have contracted the disease. They can get medical advice without having to go to the doctor or go to an emergency room. I know: I speak for President Trump when I say how grateful we are to see our health insurance industry step forward to meet this need, so that that no American should be concerned about about being able to pay for or for the cost of a coronavirus test if they deem and their doctor deems it to be appropriate and necessary. President also went to Capitol Hill today to meet with members of the United States Senate Republican caucus there. He talked about an economic package, including a call he's calling for payroll tax relief and I think most important to the president's heart. We want to make sure that hourly workers hard-working blue-collar Americans that may not have paid family leave today, that small and medium-sized businesses in America would be afforded the resources to provide paid leave so that no one would feel that they have to go to work if they might be infected or if they might have been exposed to the coronavirus. We get a good reception on Capitol Hill. Our legislative teams have fanned out we're gonna, be working with Republican and Democrat leadership. To move an economic package, Larry Kudlow will be reflecting on that in just a few moments. We also talked about what are known as n95 masks and we're working, senator Deb, Fischer and others have important legislation that would extend temporary liability protections so that masks that are made for industrial use could be sold to hospitals to ensure that our health care workers are properly protected and outfitted, and we're grateful for growing bipartisan support for that measure and we're going to be working earnestly with Republicans and Democrats to move a reform that would make more n95 masks available. I'm also pleased to report that we did receive this afternoon a comprehensive proposal from the cruise line industry proposal that includes advanced screening, improving medical services on ships providing for airlift evacuation and land-based care at the expense of the cruise lines, for anyone that might be not only infected with the corona virus but with any serious illness we'll be reviewing that in the next 24 hours. The president's objective is for us to make a Cruise Lines safer, even as we work with the cruise lines to ensure that that no one in our particularly vulnerable population is is, is going out on a cruise in the near future. I'm gonna recognize doctor foul Qi to talk about where we are and dr. Burks will give us some research that she's done on the scope will have other updates. But let me say once again: this is a whole-of-government approach and from early on President Trump has insisted that our that our government at the federal level, all of our partners at the state level work in concert to protect the American people and, as we stand here today, the risk to the average American of contracting the corona virus remains low, but we're absolutely determined to give every American the tools and the information that they need to protect themselves, their families, their their workplace, their schools and and we're going to work together. We're going to work together to see our way through this and and working with leaders in both parties in Congress, working with with leaders at the state level. All across this nation, I'm confident we will with that dr. Tony Fauci for update on the status. Thank you very much, mr. vice president. Just to give you a very brief sketch of what we do every day, the cases continue to increase globally, we potentially paying particular attention to the cases in Europe and Italy in France, and we starting to see that up at the same time as the relative number of new cases come down from China. What we're seeing in Europe is that Europe is in that up slope. So that's something that is expected. That's the way these kinds of outbreaks go. This is not a surprise to anybody. If you look at the history of infectious diseases outbreaks in the United States, we continue to have new cases. As of this morning, there were 712 I believe with 27 deaths guaranteed by the time of this evening. That's going to be up and there'll be several war, and tomorrow there'll be several more. So we realized that this is something obviously that we've been saying all along that we're taking very seriously now. The question is: what are we going to do about that, and there are a number of things that one can do in order to blunt it. If you look at the curves of outbreaks, you know they go big Peaks and they come down. What we need to do is flatten that down that would have less people infected. That would ultimately have less deaths. You do that by trying interfere with the natural flow of the outbreak. So what we're saying today is that, although we keep coming in and saying appropriately that as a nation, the risk is relatively low, there are parts of the country right now that are having communities spread in which the risk there is clearly a bit more than that, and you know the places you know: Washington state, California, New, York and Florida. But what I want to talk to you about today, just for a moment or two, is that we would like the country to realize that as a nation, we can't be doing the kinds of things we were doing a few months ago that it doesn't matter if you're in a state that has no cases or one case, you have to start taking seriously what you can do now that if and when the infections will come, and they will come sorry to say sad to say they will, but when you're dealing with an infectious disease, you know we always have that metaphor that people talk about that Wayne Gretzky. You know he doesn't go where the puck is he's going where the puck is going to be well, we want to be where the infection is going to be as well as where it is so what we have here, if you could see that here, what it's here is that if you go to coronavirus gov remember when dr. Burke's yesterday mentioned some of the things that we put together. These are really simple: keeping the workplace safe, keeping the home safe, keeping the schools safe and keeping commercial establishing safe. This should be universal for the country. Everyone should be doing that, whether you live in a zone that has community spread or not when you have community spread, you obviously gonna ratchet up the kinds of mitigations that you have, but at a minimum this is the minimum that we should be doing so everybody should say all hands on deck. This is what we need to do so. I'll, stop there and later I'll be happy to answer questions Thank You, mr. president, and thank you dr. Falchi. For that clarity. We continue to monitor the situation across the country and across the globe, and we are very fortunate between dr. Falchi and I. We have long term contacts out there and many of these countries that are experiencing current outbreaks. We continue to review all the scientific literature to look for insights and to really determine who's at the greatest risk, and that's why we've talked to you about people with immunodeficiencies at any age, people with medical conditions and the elderly and how important it is for all of us that take these precautions in the household to protect others, because we have circulating flu and other respiratory diseases at this time we all have to act like all of those diseases. Any respiratory disease can be transmitted to others and, as we said yesterday, we're hoping that decreases all the respiratory disease were experiencing. Finally, we got more new reports out of China who had nine pregnant women I'm during an acute kovat infection, and all nine were infected both and they delivered while they were infected and all nine babies were healthy and the mothers were healthy. So we continue to look for data like that to be reassuring to the American public at the same time ensuring that every single person is participating in this response to this virus and taking those precautions that we should be taking every day. We start doing this today. We will be ready next year for any of our respiratory diseases, because I think we'll be able to show that these simple, simple household, simple, works, simple school, simple business approaches across the country can change all of our respiratory diseases. So we thank you for getting the message out. We thank you for the participating and ensuring in your households and in households around America that we're protecting all of those who need our support right now. Thank you, dr. Burks and dr. Falchi, and this information is available at coronavirus, gov and, as we said, we can't say often enough. The risks of contracting to coronavirus to the average American remains low, but for senior citizens with serious underlying chronic health conditions. The potential for serious consequences is very real and make no mistake about it. By practicing these habits in your home, your school and your business you're not only protecting your health but you're also protecting those that are most vulnerable. With that for an update on our the progress, the President Trump made today with our health insurance companies, I'd like to recognize CSC Emma Verma, the vice president, said we had a terrific meeting with the insurance companies a real example of a public-private partnership where they agreed to waive co-pays for testing, not do any surprise billing and also cover the costs of the Cova virus associated costs and the other things that they did. Is they asked the president for more flexibility in Medicare Advantage plans and the president agreed to do that, and so today we issued guidance to our Medicare Advantage plans that not only can they waive the costs for the tests, but they can also go further to removing prior off those authorization requirements. They can waive prescription refill limits. They can allow for mail delivery of prescription drugs and expand more access to telehealth services if they weren't offering that in their plan also at CMS, we continue to work with health care providers, around infection control practices we with home health agencies and also hospitals, and today we issued guidance to dialysis facilities, as well as home health agencies. Around infection control, it's been a great deal of attention about the Grand, Princess and HHS. Working with the Coast Guard with the Department of Defense, is currently working through a disembarking American passengers returning foreign nationals to their country and I wanted to ask the secretary SAR to speak and update us on the progress. So with regard to the Grand, Princess I wanted to first express our appreciation to governor Newsom to the mayor of Oakland, the people of Oakland, the longshoremen, the stevedores who've helped with bring it in and clearing the clearing the dock area, so that we can do all of our operations. There. We've got Admiral Abel here with us today, who's been leading the Coast Guard efforts and then Deputy Secretary vegan from state has done incredible work with our foreign partners to help with the repatriation of their nationals who are onboard the ship. As of our data, that I've got is as of noon pacific time today, so this will have increased quite substantially since, since my last update, but as of noon pacific, we had 548 individuals who have been offloaded from the ship. 228 Canadians are already back in Canada flown. There I believe was overnight. 171 Californians were taken by the government of California and are now at Travis Travis Air Base 26 individuals were sick and they're being they're being treated for various. It could be from the novel coronavirus it could also just be. We had some frail individuals who are sick that needed treatment. Our goal is to get all of the citizens of California off today to be in the care of the key of the California state government, as well as to get the UK citizens off today, so that they could be repatriated to the United Kingdom. We continue to work with other countries on all of those maneuvers. We will have non California residents who will be in transport to the bases at Dobbins and at Lackland today we hope it or night. So everything is pressing. It seems to be progressing well, we're using the highest isolation, quarantine procedures, medical screenings possible to ensure the safety of not just the passengers, but also of the the local communities and all of the health care workers and others. Emergency responders are helping. So, thanks to all of our partners for this their help with this very complex operation, and let me echo the Secretary's appreciation to governor Gavin Newsom, the state of California, the City of Oakland. It has literally been a seamless partnership. Everyone on that ship will be tested isolated in quarantined as appropriate and provided with treatment. The crew on the ship other than those who were ill will be quarantined on the ship offshore, but it really represented the kind of partnership in cooperation from every level of government that that every American I know is grateful to see with that on the economic front, alert cuddle. Oh! Thank you, sir hi. Yesterday, in a meeting in the Oval, the president acknowledging there going to be challenges on the health and economic side, he mentioned that he intended to bring the full power of the federal government to deal with these challenges and accordingly, as vice president, said up at the Republican Senate luncheon today, and he mentioned it in this room. Yesterday, President Trump has unveiled his proposals, strong proposals for a temporary payroll tax cut holiday, which I think he would prefer to last through the end of the year. Also administratively, as Treasury secretary, minutiae and others have suggested, we are trying to. We will use assistance to unpaid, sick leave. People very important point, also small and medium businesses, another important point, and also possibly to some distressed industries or sectors in the economy. Maybe tax deferral might be a useful tool and other means. So this is strong cross the board package. We are consulting with leaders in the House and the Senate with respect to this package and particularly the payroll tax holiday. Let me just say: coming into this difficult period, the economy isn't fundamentally good shape. We saw blockbuster jobs report last Friday today, for example, the small business confidence index, the NFIB business confidence index registered a very strong number, keeping it's near record high. The unemployment remains low at three and a half percent. Other indicators look pretty good. We had a lot of momentum in the first quarter. Good thing I recognized the challenges, and that is why we are proposing these fiscal measures to combine with monetary measures that have already taken and again I'll repeat the president's words it just struck me as his determination he intends to bring the full power of the federal government to deal with these health and economic challenges and, in a word from Surgeon General, Jerome Adams good evening, everyone as Surgeon General, whether it's opioids or cigarettes or the corona virus. My job is to help the American people understand how to live a healthy life and I'm asking all of you, I'm imploring all of you to help share my prescription for America to overcome this coronavirus situation that we're in there are three parts to it. Number one know your risk as you've heard many times, but it's still important to impress upon America and if you are immunocompromised, if you have chronic medical conditions, if you are over the age of 60, you are at higher risk. If you are a child or a young adult, you are less likely to be impacted by the corona virus. Number two, the second part of the prescription, know your circumstances. Are you in an environment where you can telework? Are you planning on going to large gatherings like church? Do you live in a community that is being particularly impacted by the coronavirus, and you can find out this information from your state or a local health department? Does your state have a hotline that you can call in to to help you assess symptoms again? Knowing your circumstances then number three- and this is the most important part- know what you can do to stay safe and we have really leaned into coronavirus, gov I. Please send people to that website. We've put the tools on there for individual groups specific audiences, so that people can understand how to say, sticks stay safe. If we follow this prescription we will. We will overcome the corona virus. As dr. Falchi said, and we will see more cases. Unfortunately, we are likely to see more deaths. We have not hit the peak of this epidemic quite yet, but if we follow this prescription, then we will decrease the number of people who were impacted. We will decrease the number of people who will died and we will more quickly get to the end of this situation. Thank you great job, so will Pence Trump campaign, suspend campaign, rallies and other activities, I think that'll be a decision. That's made literally on a day to day basis. I thought dr. foutch. You spoke to that yesterday very well that we're gonna I'm very confident that the campaign will we'll take the very best information and make the very best decision going forward. But these proposals are are things that every American can do all across the country that that will reduce the risk of either contracting or being exposed to the corona virus. The word unveiled was just used, but so far the public has not seen it. How big is this package? How big is the payroll tax cut gonna be? When is the general public gonna see what you all put together right learn? We were working out details right now, so I don't want to quote any numbers ahead of time. You know you make a proposal, we're checking with the leaders of both parties in both houses and see what is doable and where the you know, tough nuts are gonna, be so I don't want to get into any detail. I think the outline of the thing is very important. The payroll tax holiday is probably the most important powerful piece of this, but, on the other hand, I want to draw attention. We can use administration and executive authority again to help unpaid sick leave, people, which is very important. We can use it for the medium and smaller businesses, which is very important other distress sectors. We have some leverage on tax deferral. If we know I mean look, I will say again as I have for quite some time. The economy is strong. We also know there gonna be problems ahead. We know they're gonna, be challenges that don't deny it we'll see. I want to take that a day at a time and a fact at a time, a statistical release at a time, but anyway this will be the broad package and at some point in the in the near future, we will outline a more detailed package for you, the president proposed to the GOP policy once today to remove the entire payroll tax from both employers and employees. That would be a twelve point. Four percent reduction back in 2010 we had a two percent reduction. Can you basically eliminate four, however, number of months the payroll tax without blowing a huge hole in the budget in? Furthermore, the president told the Munchie he'd like to make that kind of permanent? How do you do that? You know the payroll tax holiday is a bold move. It's a very bold move, and this has always been a bold president and we've been cutting taxes and rolling back regulations and changing trade deals and opening up the energy sector and doing things that nobody thought we could do before. John we've had pretty good economic results for it, we're in a challenge period now, I get that. So. With respect to your question on the specifics, I think there'll be a big. A big growth, payoff I think it'll help deal with whatever challenges occur in the next few months. I think beyond that ameliorating the tax burden on the middle class, the so-called blue-collar boom that I talked quite a bit about that's what this is aim for. That's really what the payroll tax is principally about by lifting the burdens of those middle-class folks I think we're gonna get a big growth. Kicker we've had a terrific ly strong labor market. As you know, it may stall a bit or not I'm just speculating on the on the challenges of the unhealth side, but I think over time, we'll make it up with much better economic growth and I will remind also that later on way down the road. Probably later this summer early fall, we will unveil another package of tax cut and tax reform proposals, but yeah it's a bold proposal- and this is a bold president and I- think it's paid off in general. Revenue to make up for I mean the fiscal year, 21 Social Security, unemployment, insurance and Medicare Part A revenues are 1.2, 3 trillion dollars, I just say we're not talking about Medicare at this point I'm gonna. By the way, the answer is yes, you can backfill it, and that has been done before, because we've had other payroll tax cuts, and you mentioned one of them in 2010 or 2011. So the answer that is yes and the answer is: we will always maintain a solvent Social Security system, but you know, tax reform is very important. Economic growth is very important. Incentives for middle and lower income workers are very important. That I will just add. You know in terms of the boldness of this president's policies, despite what some of our critics think. Actually it's the middle and lower middle people that have done the best in wage growth terms and I think this is absolutely consistent. This lips' tax burdens on the middle class I think it's absolutely consistent with his earlier policies. Let me also say John: if I can, that the other piece of this is is what the doctors have said to us. What the experts have said is, if you're sick, if you have reason to suspect that you may have coronavirus, we want you to stay home and the president's absolutely adamant, working with the Congress or using his executive authority to ensure that that hourly workers, people working for small or medium-sized businesses that don't currently have paid family leave. What will be able to stay home and be confident that they're not losing a paycheck I, think every American can identify with that concern and, and we we're going to work forward, whether we do it legislatively or the president has some some some resources in his executive authority to act. We're gonna work to make sure that that hourly workers don't feel like you have to go to work sick because you're, risking a paycheck get home stay home. Take those couple of weeks to get better Thank You. Mr. vice president, I want to drill down on something that Larry just said, though, because in 2018, according to the Center for Budget Budget and Policy, Priorities federal payroll taxes generated 1.1, seven trillion dollars, it's an enormous figure, Larry you're, suggesting that you can make that up from general revenue. Where are you going to get a trillion dollars from you know? Let us put the proposal out in concrete details and flush that out and we'll have much better answers right now, I want to stay in my lane and I think the health story. The coronavirus story is, is very, very important. Here we will do the best. We can a man to give you specific plans and details once we flush them out increased testing capacity where do I still state reports of severe rationing in many cases because of the limited supply, it appears to be close to impossible for average Americans to get tests without being hospitalized first. So when can the American people expect to see these test kits available at doctors, offices and Urgent Care admitted clinics that sort of thing specifically when well I'm gonna, have the secretary step forward and address that. But let me say: we've made great progress. Over the last week, a million tests are in the field. Every state lab in America can do coronavirus tests. If you, if you're concerned, that you have corona virus, your doctor can contact the state lab can have a test processed by the end of this week. Another four million tests will be distributed, but to your very important question: we're working day by day with the largest commercial labs in America we had. We had some good discussions today with outside experts as well. Who said that when the president brought the commercial labs in, he did exactly the right thing, because it's those big companies that have logistics infrastructure all over the country have labs all over the country that can distribute the test process. The test, whether it's quest or whether it's lab for and we believe that in the days and weeks ahead, we're going to continue to see the availability of tests dramatically rise and we're driving toward that every day. Mr. secretary, do you want maybe dr. Redfield can add in oh also um. So, by the end of this weekend, we had 1.1 million tests that were actually shipped. We have another 1 million that are either in transit or waiting for orders, so we actually have a surplus capacity already of tests that have been produced and, as the vice-president said, by the end of this week, be another 4 million tests. So the tests are out there. The tests are in every public health lab in the country, they're in hospitals, they're in labs, but I think there's a false premise in your question, which is the notion that, just because I as a person say oh I'd like to be tested for the novel coronavirus, I should be going to a minute clinic or some other facility and just walking and saying give me my test. Please, that's not how diagnostic testing works in the United States were frankly almost anywhere in the world, always if their doctor we've always be clear if their doctor or public health physician believes they should be tested, it needs to always be clinically indicated to receive a test. So it's a false premise. Go to your doctor. If you first actually don't go to your doctor. Call your doctor's office. If you believe you may have the novel coronavirus, call the clinic call the hospital call the doctor's office so that you don't just walk right in follow their infection, control procedures for doing that, and then they will decide working with you whether a test is appropriate to be done, but there are millions of tests out there now and it's good, as the vice president said, with quest and LabCorp getting it at the doctor's office swabbing that their distribution and transport system it's going to be an even better closer to the patient experience, as I promised I talked to you on Saturday when we met together. That's very good and answer. You I'm gonna, ask dr. Burks to speak to this too, because she's just done a tremendous job, bringing our commercial labs to bear on this. But to your other point, the president directed us to essentially change that the criteria that CDC was giving labs around the country we heard from governors around the country that people that were only mildly symptomatic were being told that they couldn't be tested. We changed that we changed that description and so, as the president said, anyone who, on a doctor's order, wants to be tested can, at a doctor's indication, be tested now we're working to fill that need and if we're, making great progress every single day, but I wanted dr. Burks to speak to it as well. Yeah I just wanted to talk to you briefly about what happened in decreasing barriers. I've I've been a lab person. I've been a vaccine developer I've been a doctor. I've been all those things, but I've. Never in my lifetime of government service have worked with the CDC in a way that every time the state or local government calls and says, I have this barrier. I need a modification to the regulations that has happened almost daily and the reason we have commercial labs willing to step in immediately is because the FDA has created that ability and posted on their website. I, don't know if you've been there, this unbelievable waiver system and the clear definitions there, every single hospital, every single University can utilize this testing algorithm and that's highly unusual. But it's also it's bringing this super large high throughput companies to the to the table and I just wanna. This has been unique for me to be able to see this unbelievable dialogue between what states need what local governments need and federal government being responsive with changing those regulations, and that has been really wonderful to watch. Why has it not extended those bands to South Korea or Japan or Italy, and is it still under consideration, or has the administration really shifted to mitigation from containment? Well, I'm gonna, let I'm gonna! Let dr. Burke speak to that in a moment. But there is no question. As dr. Fauci said just a few days ago, we would be in a very different place if President Trump had not suspended all travel from China and we've been also I suspect, be in a very different place. If we hadn't issued travel advisories for portions of Italy portions of South Korea and initiated screening of all passengers on all direct flights into the United States from both of those countries, I will tell you we had a very. We had a very thorough discussion today, the prospect of recommending to the president additional travel advisories. What we're doing, particularly as dr. Fauci said, is we're following the facts and and we're going to bring those recommendations forward in the time and manner that we, as the White House coronavirus task force determined are appropriate. But let me tell you it: it's literally a day-to-day consideration and we're going to continue to put the health and safety of America first dr. Burks. Did you want to amplify that Thank You Foster, who used to be a part of this administration I, have an op-ed where he basically said that the US has two days before hospitals could be overrun. He recommended that schools be shut down for it. Maybe what does the administration think about that? The degrees that the US could be at the point where there could be a turning point in the next ten days or so, and what about well, let me say the recommendations that you have and that every American now has at coronavirus Goong apply to every jurisdiction in the country every state in every community, irrespective of whether or not there's been a corona virus case established I will tell you that we're working very closely with California Washington New York Florida, to develop community specific recommendations for those areas where we have had what is known as community spread a number of coronavirus cases that appear that it's being transmitted in the community in the next 24 hours, working with those states we'll be publishing CDC's recommendations for what ought to be done. But I want to turn it over to dr. foutch. You to tell you that we really think the most important thing here is that we continue to bring the facts forward to the American people and that in that our proposals and our recommendations well. Well, all of these apply to everybody in the United. States and it'll help reduce the infection rate of the corona virus, that, for those communities that are being impacted, we're going to develop specific recommendations. That'll make the most sense for them dr. pouchy there is it. Can you wait until there's community spread to make some of these imagine? Well, it depends on the degree of community spread. I mean community spread could be just a small amount. You can start to see multiple generations, but getting to your individual individual question that everything is on the table for consideration. So the idea that we're not closing oh I mean I think for the country, right now to say we're. Gonna close all the schools in the country, I, don't think, would be appropriate with school closures the appropriate depending upon not whether you have already the horses out of the bomb, but when you start to see we're getting a little bit dangerous. So let's do it. So it's incorrect to say now everything has happened, bad, let's close the school and it's incorrect to say. Let's just blanket closed the schools in the entire country tonight I, don't think that that would be appropriate, but I do think it would be appropriate to carefully try and do things like closing, but there's other things. Besides closing to do real mitigation sometime before you think you really need it. That gets back to what I said a few moments ago about where the puck is going to be, but you want to make sure you're not so far ahead that you overshoot a few moments ago on this sign up here. It says you should stop and shaking if you're at your workplace and you're in your school or in commercial establishments, should the president set that example, I notice you've been opting for the elbow bump. Well, look as the president has said in our line of work, you shake hands when someone wants to shake your hand and I expect. The president will continue to do that. I'll continue to do it. What what this is is a broad recommendation for Americans, but a really good recommendation is to wash your hands, often and and that all the experts tell me that, while while people want to want to get the various sanitizing lotions washing your hands with hot soap and water 20 seconds, it's just as good as any lotion, you can buy to coordinate a response with all their countries. I'm, sorry, sagen, you seen a plan to coordinate a response with other countries either continent. President Trump met president from Brazil or Sanada this weekend. Did they talk about coronavirus? I know that they spoke about a broad range of issues and I'm, confident the coronavirus so was discussed. What I? What I can tell you is that our focus is on the health and well-being of the American people, we're going to continue to communicate with nations across this Hemisphere and across the country. But what the president's given us as a mission of the White House coronavirus task force, is to see to the health and well-being in the American people and will continue to make recommendations to do just that. How about one more take questions, one on Washington State? They made a request of the strategic stockpile for face of 233,000 assets and they received half of that wondering and if that report is inaccurate, that please speak to it and secondly, on cruise lines, are you looking at a bailout from Cruise Lines at several of these companies or taxable percent? So so they got half of the shipment from the strategic national stockpile initially and then, when the Vice President actually went out to the state of Washington, that's when the second half of the shipment arrived, but I have spoken directly with Governor Inslee, with whom we've had a superb working relationship, and he has informed me that there are some additional personal protective equipment needs, that a couple of their hospitals have and we're working through the strategic, strategic national stockpile to make sure we are directing and fulfilling shipments to them as needed. I want to echo again our gratitude to governor Inslee and and all the health officials in the state of Washington I was there last week. Our teams are working very closely together, we'll follow up on that public report, but the Secretary's indicated, but look we're in. As I said in the next 24 hours, we will be working with not only Washington State of California, with New York, with Florida and in unveiling our recommendations, CDC's recommendations to those areas that have been impacted by community spread and then will continue and to come alongside those communities to do everything in our power to mitigate the spread. Let me just say again as a resource. Thank you all we'll be back here again tomorrow, coronavirus, gov, practical information for every American details for state labs. That may yet have questions about performing their own tests. We have specifics: enzymes agents ingredients that that where they can be acquired and how for the performance of coronavirus tests but for every American I just want to say again remember that well, the risk to the average American of contracting the corona virus remains low. But, however, the the risk to senior citizens. The serious underlying chronic health conditions is very significant and it's important for all of us to continue to take all the steps necessary to look after the most vulnerable to look after our health and I'm. Confident that we'll get through this together.