Laughing everyone watching has some WTO to tell account dialing in by phone and watching us online for regular press conference regarding coronavirus disease called nineteen with us. We have dr. Thatcher, SW director-general. We have today dr. Janet Diaz, with a head of clinical care within WTO mercy program. We have also dr. jawad module, who is assistant, director-general for mercy, preparedness and dr. Oliver, Morgan that you had opportunity to speak with, who is director of health, emergency information and risk assessment, generalist online, those who are dialing in as most of previous days, it's a star nine and you will be putting line for questions those watching online through Zoo. You click raise hand on the right hand, side of you of your screen, and you will be able to ask questions. We will have an audio file and transcript, as always, I hope you buy. Now. You know where to find those transcripts and audio files for your reference. I'll give you the floor to dr. Petrus. Thank you. Thank you Tarek, and let me begin as always, with the latest numbers. As of 6 a.m. Geneva time this morning, China has reported. Seventy four thousand six hundred seventy five cases of Kogut nineteen to whu-oh, including 2121, does the data from China continue to show a decline in new confirmed cases? Once again, we are encouraged by the strength, but this is no time for complacency. Outside China, there are no 1076 cases in 26 countries with a total of seven deaths. In the past 24 hours, the Islamic Republic of Iran has reported five cases, two of which have. This is the first report from Iran of all cases outside China, more than half are among passengers on the dam and Princess cruise ship. The first passengers have no disembarked, providing they have a negative test, no symptoms and no contact with a confirmed case in the past 14 days. The Japan has also advised passengers to stay at home for a further 14 days and monitor their temperature, and also Japan has set up a hotline for passengers to call if they have concerns. Japan is in regular contact with other countries through a mechanism set up under the international health regulations, so those countries can follow up with their nationals who were passengers on the ship. In addition to monitoring the evolution of the outbreak, WHS main role is to work with countries and partners to coordinate the global response. We're doing that in several ways, both internally and externally. As you know, whu-oh led international team of experts is now on the ground in China, working with their Chinese counterparts, to find answers to some of the things we don't know, including the transmissibility of the virus and the impact of the measures that China has taken. The team has been brought together through the global outbreak, alert and response network and includes experts in epidemiology biology, clinical management outbreak control and public health from the following institutions: the National University of Singapore, the st. Petersburg Pasteur Institute, the National Institute of infectious disease, Japan, the co national umber, the College of Medicine Korea, the Nigerian Centre for Disease Control, the u.s. Center for business prevention and control, the US National Institute of Health, the Russian National Medical Research Center office, Paul fitzy promote ology and infectious disease and the Robert Koch Institute of Germany. Let me describe some of the many other ways. Wh er is coordinating the response. As you know, global coordination is key in fighting a dangerous enemy. Like this corona virus, we have convened the W Health Security Council, a daily meeting of myself, our chief emergency doctor, Mike Ryan, the regional directors and other senior staff to review the evolution of the outbreak and coordinate the response. Yesterday, we held the first of what will be weekly briefings with diplomatic missions here in Geneva to keep our member states informed and we're holding this daily news briefings to keep the media informed. Yesterday we couldn't have the press conference because we had dedicated it to a briefing to the member states. I also hold weekly call with a range of independent experts from around the world, representing all regions, very senior experts. As a compliment to the advice provided by the emergency committee and two weeks ago, I briefed the UN secretary-general, antonio guterres, and we all need to activate the united nations crisis management team led by dr. Mike Ryan. Today, we're holding a second call with un country representatives to brief them on the measures they can take at country level, ordinary the UN response, because what matters is the intervention or the actions we take the country level and that's why we we involve all of you and Resident coordinators and WH representatives at country level. Twice a week. We have a call with clinical experts were treating patients with Habeeb 19, including frontline workers in China, to share information about the progression of disease and what works and what doesn't in treatment. We have also set up an online platform where clinicians can share anima an anonymizer patient data, so we can build a clearer picture of the disease. What we've seen in that the earlier patients are tested and treated the better. They do we're also looking forward to results from two clinical trials of therapeutics prioritized by the wor and the research and development blueprint. One combines two drugs for HIV, low, P, Nabeel and little Nabil, and the other is testing antiviral, called REM, see where Ramsay beer we expect proven results in three weeks on this therapeutics drugs. My colleague, my colleague, John dance, is here to answer questions about the clinical management of patients, because even if people are infected having a better outcome, saving their lives is is really key and that's what we are also investing on. The therapeutics and patient management and I have written to 12, exact, chief executive man of manufacturers of personal protective equipment to seek their cooperation to ensure supply to protect health workers, and there is a good signal, positive signal from the manufacturers. This is as I always say, time for solidarity, governments, private sector, civil society and the whole world should stand in unison. Today we had a call with faith-based organizations of another way of reaching communities with messages to prevent infection, we're partnering with Africa CDC to coordinate our efforts to prepare African countries for the potential arrival of the virus. That's where we believe in Africa and other continents where we have weaker health systems and the virus could be a serious danger and that's why we are focusing continents and countries where the health system is weaker. You will get sick of me saying that the window of opportunity remains open for us to contain this outbreak, double a choice, doing everything we can to seize that the window of opportunity and we urge the international community to do the same and, as I said before, let's not squander the window of opportunity. We have. The number of cases in the rest of the world is very small compared to what we have in China, but that may not stay the same for long the window of opportunity. We have now made closed, so we need to use the window of opportunity we have now by hammering the outbreak in any country. Thank you so much. Thank you so much rather to Tetris, before we start taking questions to remind those dialing in to press Start 9 to ask a question. Those who are joining through the zoom online to take race hand that we will start with the the questions here in a room please anyway, maybe on the cute people. Would you like to say about the the travel restriction? As you know, we are monitoring the travel restriction through a several channel. The first one is what is reported in media and we verify it with remember States and the HR, the Member States report, to ask the travel measures that are taken, and we also look at the justification and come back to them and we are also in contact with Aikau ayat I, providing us with the information and with this all this information overall, as W Thunder HR, to verify anything information with the countries and to report. So far, 330 country 3-0 countries reported to us officially that they are taking some kind of travel measures and we asked them for justification and we publish the defecation through the HR network to all state party to take note of them and to also have look to certification. This information is available and in this context we are dealing with with any information you have, including the one that you spoke about. There was another question about recovered. Thank you and I. Actually, don't have the exact number of the discharged patients and looking at Oliver to see. If do you have that exact number don't get back get back, but I could say we do know. Patients are being discharged from the information we have. The largest study from the Chinese CDC published that's about 80, 81 percent had mild disease. We know that about 15 percent have been reported to have severe disease and that largest cohort and about 5% critically ill. So we do know that the patients are being discharged and including those patients outside of China as well being discharged in good condition, and then thank you. Yes, thank you very much for the question there. The number of cases in South Korea reports today are actually from several distinct clusters, which the Korean authorities are following very closely. So though the number it seems quite high, they are mostly linked to known existing outbreaks, so that hasn't changed and it doesn't signal a particular change in the global epidemiology. But it does signal that the Korean authorities are following up very closely very vigorously on all the new cases and those outbreaks that they've identified and maybe adding to that. The total number of cases Korea has so far reported is 104 and Korea reported 22 cases today and with measures they can take, which is proportional to the public health risk. They have I think the number of cases are really manageable and I hope. South Korea will do everything to contain this outbreak, but you know at this early stage. Thank you for those following us, either through phone or watching us. Do we have someone from Africa? Thank you. Thank you for that question. So at this moment in time, there is no proven effective treatment for a Cove in 19 and Sui. So that is clear at this moment in time. However, there are ongoing clinical trials being done in China at this moment as well. The two that we were already discussed with the Partha are testing the priority therapeutics that was prioritized by the W R&D blueprints, and that includes lope, innovator and ritonavir, as well as REM dis, severe now for chloroquine Isis. They there is no proof that that is that that is an effective treatment at this time. You know we recommend that that therapeutics be tested under you know. Ethically approved clinical trials to show efficacy and safety. Thank you here. The actions were understanding. The Japanese authority is to prevent or to contain the outbreak on the ship first, because they were heavily detecting cases and taking the positive cases to the bailer to be treated in adequate hospitals. Their objective is to contain it within the ship not to prevent introduction in the mainland. I don't know if it is your a question. This is why they were heavily following the contact proceeding with analysis and chicken symptoms to detect any case and win. The case is positive. They were taking me to the hospitals to be properly treated the main objective or their operation, at least from our understanding, is to contain the disease or the virus within in within the ship. So then, you follow the next steps they are taking, as I have suggested, as I have indicated earlier. Their objective is to minimize the experts pointed out, if not take appropriate, to speak about the debt, the debt anyway, the I think as I said, the main objective was to contain the disease and they were practicing drastic measures of infection, prevention and control, and also isolation of the cases to avoid close contact and to avoid the opportunity of the transmission, and now they went to the second phase, where they are now allowing people who were small to three criteria. The first one is having no symptoms. The second one is having a PCR or test laboratory test, negative and third, that this person was not in contact with the positive cases for the last 14 days. They were not allowed to go and to to be self to self isolated at home and to continue follow-up in interpreting. This is what they are doing now. Only people who have died. We have the report that there - and more than 80 years old and with some underlying disease conditions and considering the number of cases which is more than 600 and elsewhere so far. The observation is, there is a fatality of 2%, and this is what we would really expect, which is very unfortunate, though so having deaths in. You know from the number of people who have been in in the ship. Considering the fatality rate I think has to be understood that wind over the underlying conditions of the people who were positive to yes, president chun qiang from china's into television CCTV question photos potatoes. So from the early release, the background of the experts of the international exporting to China and have the communicative.