Of April, first all restaurants and commercial facilities that serve food are prohibited from serving food to customers in their premises. Restaurants and other commercial facilities can prepare and serve food for delivery or take out only the operator of that restaurant must ensure that all persons maintain appropriate social distancing from another one another when picking up their food, grocery stores will remain open, but they must also maintain appropriate social distancing within the between their customers. Bars will be closed. Personal service businesses such as hair, salons and massage therapy offices will be closed. All businesses that are not listed in the schedule of critical services that accompanies the order must close between April 1 and April 14. The closure does not prevent these businesses from operating on a remote basis. A business may accept orders on the internet or over the phone for delivery to pick up as long as the employers are not working at the place of business, the order does not prevent employees or others from coming into the business to perform such thing as repairs to provide security services or to take out items from the business premises. If the business is going to operate on a remote basis, nothing in the order restricts the operations of delivery of services by the federal, provincial or municipalities. Nothing in the order restricts any activities of a publicly funded agency organization or authority that delivers or supports government operations or services, including healthcare services. This means the order does not affect institutions, agencies or other service providers who provide health care services such as hospitals, Regional, Health, Authority, Authority and private agencies who provide a range of health services. All businesses listed in the schedule of critical services that accompanies the order may continue to operate. If these businesses allow members of the public to attend their place of business, the operate of their business must put in place measures to ensure that appropriate social distancing rules are fall. This order does not affect how members of the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Manitoba the college of registered nurses in Manitoba, the College of licensed practical nurses of Mount Oba or the College of midwives of Manitoba provide health care services under the order. Any other health professionals may continue to practice if they are providing services for a publicly funded agency, such as a government or Regional Health, Authority or business listed under the schedule. In addition, health care providers can continue to provide emergent or Urgent Care municipal taxi services or municipal transit services, taxis and other private vehicles for hire can continue to operate. The operator of the vehicle must ensure measures are taken to ensure reasonable separation between persons within the vehicles. It's difficult to list a specific distance, but a reasonable level of spacing is expected the older this order repeals previous orders, so there's only one public health order and effect at any one. Given time we are seeing the ongoing transmission of this virus and other jurisdictions we're seeing the community-based transmission and other jurisdictions, and so we need to continue to adapt our response to this virus. We need to continue to escalate our social distancing recommendations and all our measures to protect ourselves, protect others protect their communities, protect their health care workers. These measures are yet another step to limit the transmission of this virus and to flatten that curve. The most important way of reducing the spread of this virus is for people to stay home if you're able to stay home wash your hands frequently. This is especially important if you are ill. It's especially important if you're in a high-risk category such as those over age 65, those with underlying medical conditions or those with immune compromised. If you cannot stay home, you need to practice social distancing, physical distancing at all times, I want to remind Manitobans that we are not helpless against this virus. That actions such as these are are in place to limit the effect of this virus on our population. Now is not the time for fear. Now is the time for knowledge. Now is the time for action, and these orders are furthering that action that we've been taking all along to be proactive and out ahead of this virus. So thank you to all Manitobans who have already stepped up and thank you to Manitobans who will continue to help us in our battle against this virus. Thank You premier, thanks Brendon. Thank you so much to you and Lynette for your ongoing work and for the work of your team's. You very much appreciate I, know, Manitobans have expressed, and myself and many of the members of the Legislative Assembly how appreciative they are, and so I just say to you. Thank you. You're focused efforts on our behalf. If there are any questions we can take those now. Thank you for your just a reminder to media the one round of questions and they'll follow up questions addressed to the premier, please from CTV Winnipeg Michelle. Why only so? This is our response for right now. Certainly, we've been been flexible and adaptive and no response so we're having this in place, April 14th for now, but we are constantly reviewing all of our strategies and we will extend if, if necessary, from the Winnipeg son Josh disclosures out there to help support employees who have been laid off and all the rest are there any plans to support these things that you have to course, completely they're not going to have any income coming in big bills that they have to pay pay rent. So I'll be looking at down the road and kind of brings relief, especially a lot of these businesses, who may not have to take on extra debt or a lot of extra bet to cover these costs. Yeah. It's a good question. Josh. We were waiting for more detail. We heard the upgrade of the federal percentage on wage relief for businesses on Friday, which was well received. There were premiers, including myself, who pushed very hard for the initial offer of 10% to be raised significantly because we didn't feel that was going to work or have any uptake that that offers some assistance I think to small businesses, who are in that category of being able to maintain their staff to as great a degree as possible and avoid layoffs in the first place. So we're waiting for more detail on that later today. I hope so we'll be able to see where that fits in with other programming, but certainly other programming possibilities are on the table and being examined, and we are mostly focused right now, of course, on making sure we're as prepared as we can be to protect the health and well-being of Manitobans and vulnerable Manitobans in particular now and in the future, from the CBC Manitoba Bartley favorite pop star part, listen to the CBC here. Why hasn't Manitoba provided more of its own measures in terms of financial assistance to businesses, workers and renters? Well, we have taken numerous actions well over a hundred and fifty so far in the last three weeks and respect of various measures. Some of them are cash offsets. Some of them are modifications of existing programs to move resources where they're needed. Some of them are assistance, direct and indirect, to daycare for daycare for emergency personnel and the like we're working in partnership. Obviously, with the federal governments of Federation, the federal government has already introduced some programs and we expect more to come to protect the national economy, we're in charge of protecting our health care system for now and for the future, and so our measures are significant and there are more on the way from the Canadian Press be entered from the Canadian Press premier, Lee you've seen another problem since they shut down non-essential retail outlets and businesses, and then the exemptions are quite numerous big. You know liquor stores they open, Canada stores stayed open. We haven't seen the schedule yet, but am I to assume correctly that that liquor stores will remain open. Canada stores will remain open and things that some people might not be essential. Will stay open, well, I think what you're gonna see I'll share with you a little bit of a summary on this now, but I'd encourage you to go to engage em BCA you'll be able to review the entire Act. It does follow somewhat similarly I think to what other provinces have done in some respects, but it was designed with Manitoba input, specifically from our our people closest to the small and medium-sized enterprises. Closure is now going to be required for in restaurants, hotel and motel restaurants, but delivery will be available. Fitness centers, yoga, studios garden, supply stores, sporting goods stores, tutoring services, hair salons, barbers, nail, salons, personal care services to some degree, chiropractic, dentist, physio optometrist, all previously notified they'll still be able to offer in those medical fields, urgent and emergency services. Only in terms of no closure required grocery stores, banks, pharmacies, public transport, with the caveat that the doctor has mentioned earlier about social distancing, physical distancing, I should say: hotels and motels for lodging laundromats, home services, contractors, veterinarians, kennels farmers, markets, food banks, shelters and so on and manufacturing businesses as no closures required. This is our preliminary list, based on the research and planning input that we received from business leaders around the province, but I would not suggest that there would be absolutely no possible changes in the future or modifications to it, and so because we're an incredibly diverse province, economically I, would encourage Manitoba small business people or those who work in small businesses to go on, engage mb, dot, CA and if they have other suggestions on on measures that they think we should be taking to adapt our situation to make it work better to protect the safety and well-being of people. I am very interested and I know our governments very interested in hearing those from CJ OB Diana. Mr. Traynor's Diana from six ABC jo, be here a slightly different note. I know it was seeing quite a few people outside these days. As far as one to get outdoors in the night's weather we've seen there, either these parking lots at parks tent some people on the trails. What are your thoughts on this and is it possible? We might see some further measures on physical, distancing or see restrictions on to outdoor spaces. That people are getting outdoors kind of interview, maybe not respecting that physical distancing requirement thanks Diana thanks for raising that, because it's a really interesting issue and I think it allows me to highlight the importance of all of us, working together to educate one another on these measures to make sure that we're encouraging each other. All the time to remember old habits die hard, my wife and I like to walk, holding, hands and we're trying. We realize you can't do that. That's that's a bad example! So we've stopped that, but but there are other examples as well and I think I think making sure that we don't do anything but encourage people to exercise all the time practices like good hand. Hygiene like this, the physical distancing you talked about is really important. On the other hand, we don't want to have to close down all parks, playgrounds and outdoor areas, because people have already told me they're getting cabin fever and would like to get outside and a beautiful. What we hope will be soon, a beautiful Manitoba spring, so I'm calling a Manitobans to make sure that they practice these measures and that they coach one another to do the same. We need to respect the fact that we can save a life. If we do this and not many generations the opportunity to do something like that, you can save your own life and you can save the lives of others by practicing the physical distancing measures that we have been promoting so much. Those are the fundamentals of dealing with this issue. This is how we we beat this thing. Next, we have Larry from the one big Free Press mr. prettier Larry cush at the Free Press. Do you have an estimate of how how many businesses in the province are affected by this latest order, or the number or the percentage of businesses affected by this order today, Larry I, don't I have a good understanding that we need to take these measures in all of the businesses so named that it will protect the health and well-being of others and I'm proud to say that I have seen and I have had reported to me so many examples where these businesses have already taken measures, some of them to close in advance of this order, some of them to go above and beyond the physical distancing requirements, others to protect their employees with specific measures. I know the employers and the employees and small businesses across the country will support this measure as difficult as it is because they know that what will result is better health and safety protection for all of us and the protection of our health care system out into the future as well. Next, we have Brittany from Global News good afternoon, mister premier, on Friday, we heard of two high-ranking WREG officials who had traveled before the ban was in place. So while there were cases in the country of kovat, 19 and they're now in social isolation, just want to get your thoughts on examples being set by that and what your thoughts were. People still traveling just before a pandemic was declared. You know I think there'll be lots of room Brittany for for armchair quarterbacking I'm, not going to add to it. We've made the directive very, very clear to all government employees at the every level that they need to adhere to the recommendations and follow them closely and that's what we're seeing and experiencing today is about the private sector, but we need all hands on deck. We need all hands wash too on a regular basis so that we protect each other. In that way, the measures that we've taken are designed to apply to those returning to the country and that's the protection we need from them. We need cooperation, 100% cooperation from all who are returning to the country or traveling interprovincial e, to do the self isolation to follow the guidance of the doctor and Lynette in respect of how to protect ourselves, but how to protect others as well and thus far, although there have been some sad exceptions for the in the vast majority, Manitobans are following these directives: we're going to need to continue to do that and not take our foot off the gas. This is not a sprint. This is a marathon and we need to make the necessary steps now to make sure that we keep that slope. Ancova down from City, News, Stephanie, Ramirez, specialist 16 City needs just wondering why now it seems it's another jurisdiction for further along in their fight against the pandemic, affordances kind of public health, water and thundering. Why now for the public authority? Well every province, a different stages, Stephanie I, think in the battle and we're all working together cooperatively, but some of us did more earlier. Certainly we were the first to order equipment. Protective equipment were the first to really promote through educational mechanisms I think effectively and with your help, with the help of the media, get the word out on the fundamentals which I am clearly hammering today and make sure those are followed and those those practices will pay dividends down the road and, as we continue to move forward with better availability of testing and improving the turnaround time for calls and lessening the wait time when people need information and and improving the response rate, the rapidity of the response when tests are done. Each of these measures is going to assist us so we're injecting more resources as a government in each of those categories and many many more to make sure that we're doing a better job of heading. This thing off I think there were three or four other provinces that announced restrictions of various kinds on this. Frankly, some of them are far along in terms of cases at a different stage in the cycle than we are, but we feel these are prudent steps to take now, and these are the measures that we've been have recommended to us and I support. The doctor and we'll implement them from CDC Canada pathetique we high below from Radio Canada mr. Pallister. Thank you for a first of all for answering that for giving us a French statement in your introduction. I have another French question for you know if it's possible for you to answer in French. Basically, you insert that in English, but what kind of financial help will the province provide to those to those businesses and companies who will be financially affected? Well continue. A survey continue a co-op or a part, an era of economic responsibility, propelled avail economy, the Canada, a poor, not ratash, the primary responsibility of a the system, the Sante, a cooperation also let it do Nevada Google Aramis, a twice important poem from 102.9 eh TM, daddy, -, 9, th TM. Mr. premier, last week you announced the freeze, our rent increases and suspension of eviction of eviction hearings for renters. Would the government considering adding similar measures for business owners who rent property, especially in light of today's announcement? That's a really it's a very good question. It's a very difficult question as well. We have thousands and thousands of businesses in Manitoba each with different rental or lease agreements, some who own their own properties and have mortgage payments, and the cash flow demands on small business are real. I know: I, come from a small business background and a farm background, so I totally get this. So that's why I've said earlier that we're working in partnership with the federal government determine the nature and detail of the programs they're offering there's not a lot of point in working without that cooperation, because if we have programs that are confusing, then small businesses won't know how to get help. At this point, we have some clarity on some of the federal programming we've already focused on preserving the the needs of our more vulnerable people as a priority and as we move forward, I would suggest to resources that Manitobans can use to get updated information. First of all, you could just go to engage MBTA for initial information on today's announcement, but there's also additional information that will be available on there. They'll be very helpful to you if you are a small business owner or work in a small business and, secondly, use the resources of your chambers of commerce and I will put this advertisement in right now, shamelessly as a form of Chamber of Commerce. President myself and say your chambers of commerce are tremendous resource to you and if you're, not a member, you should join because the Manitoba chamber and the Winnipeg chamber, as well as the Canadian Federation of Independent Business and for larger companies. Our Business Council, are excellent. Excellent organizations that act as a great resource to you and can, in this instance as well and I'm. Sure they'll also be tremendous allies in helping us to get information not only on proper hand washing and what to do in terms of coughing and sneezing, but also in terms of the supports we need and the information we need to get through this together, all of us all hands on deck all clean, well wash hands. Of course thank you from the Brandon Sun drew. Thank you. A previous is a drew from the Brandon Sun um. Can you comment on why this this order was issued now like what's changed over the weekend, to make this necessary today? Well, there's not a magic manual for dealing with this pandemic because we don't have any apart from maybe the Spanish flu over a hundred years ago. We don't have really an identical scenario or one. That's that close. We have dealt with disease before we've dealt with epidemics before, but the magnitude of the potential consequences of this one are greater than anything. We've seen most of us in our lifetimes, and so I would suggest that our timing is appropriate for Manitoba and may not be appropriate for BCE or PEI, but it is appropriate timing. It's a not an easy decision to make and it is the right decision and we're taking it in the right way at the right time, with a little bit of notice or small businesses and their employees can adjust and adapt as well and that's sensitivity that we've used in the past on changes in the school system. Changes in child care changes for the private sector. Changes in the public sector to allow people to transition to working from home is assisting us in I. Think dealing with this in a way that recognizes the more we can do proactively, the less we'll have to do reactively and the more we can do to instill confidence in our people. The less stress they'll have to put up with that's unnecessary, we're trying to alleviate that stress, not just with a call line to help you if you need help and counseling that's coming up soon, but in terms of consistently in the doctor. Rusyn miss Siragusa deserve to be congratulated on this. Putting information out there that Manitobans can see and have faith in that will assist us in dealing with this on the basis of facts on the basis of science and with foresight from the Flin Flon reminder Cathy. This is Cassie from the Flin Flon reminder: I'm, noticing that mom it appears that mining operations are included in essential. Can you kind of walk me through that decision? Well, I think I think it's been customary and the other jurisdictions as well Cassie that that's been the case. I'd also say, though, that for Flin Flon I think this is a good example of where the reasonableness of decision-making to suit Manitobans needs shows up, because you've got Creighton across the way. If we had a two-week isolation for everybody who went over to Creighton or came from Creighton to see you, we wouldn't be able to operate either community very effectively. This is one example of where the doctor has shown I think in his adjudication of the situation, some some excellent sensitivity to realities facing Manitobans and particularly Manitobans in Flin Flon area, from the thompson citizen, ian wondering how this order applies to public transport like bus lines and airlines providing service between cities what they have to possibly limit the number of passengers they can have on in order to comply with running right, so the they are allowed to continue to operate. They are expected to provide a reasonable spacing between clients, and so this isn't a specific number isn't provided, but it is expected that a reasonable distancing should be accomplished on on all of these transports and finally, from CKD n Matt Matt Hamill from 7:30 seek ADM I was wondering if you know, disclosure of non-essential businesses is there anywhere. If someone in the community notices that a business is still operating, is there some sort of way to report that what do citizens do if their concern, yeah, I'm, sorry Matt I, don't have that right in front of me, I'll see if we can get it while I'm still talking to you, we have a. We have an email address that you can call what you know we'll do we'll put it on, engage Manitoba right away if it's on the engage, Manitoba dot, CA website for information for folks, if they see non-compliance and they can report- that's good and, as I said earlier and I we've had tremendous support and cooperation from the smokes is in the province. So I don't want this taken the wrong way, but if small businesses are not doing what they need to do, one thing you can do to help is to tell them that they're not doing that and to tell your friends, because there are other choices out there. Businesses are not respecting the health needs of others, including their customers and employees. Then it's important that you, let your friends know that at the same time, but we'll get that put on the engage, MB dot see a website right right now, so that you'll be able to share that with listeners and readers, as the case may be, I want to say thanks to everyone. Thank you doctor. It's a pleasure. We appreciate it. I wish we would have met under different circumstances, but that being said, it's a pleasure to be working with you and the best interest amount of Tobin's and I say thank you again, all right. Everyone good afternoon, I'm Brent, Russo, Manitoba's, chief provincial public health officer. Today we are announcing 24 new cases of covin 19, bringing our total to 96. The total number of deaths related to Kovan 19 remains at 1. At this time there are 4 individuals receiving care within hospital, one of which is in intensive care. All others are recovering. At home we have two individuals that are listed as recovered. Public health investigations are continuing to confirm details and, as information is received, we'll update that on our website over the weekend, a total of 14 hundred and thirty tests were completed at Kadim provincial lab, bringing a total to date to eighty-five hundred and fifty tests. I understand, there's a mobile testing site in Dauphin opened at the MPI building this morning, Lynnette we'll be able to speak more to the logistics of those sites, but I want to ensure that public health officials are engaged in developing these sites and these sites do not pose any risk to the public. Remember that this virus is spread through clothes, prolonged contact coming within one to two meters of an infected individual. So certainly at these sites are professionals who are performing the assessments and testing will be within that range and will wear their appropriate protective equipment, but the public is at no risk due to the location of these sites. So again, this is a time for credible information, not fear, not panic, and so these sites do not pose a risk to the public. That's particularly true of drive-thru sites, where these individuals are not even leaving their their cars, but again these this virus are spread through close contact. So there is no no need for the panic to beacon. Are they the public to be concerned about these sites? I want to be clear that we do not release personal health information about individual cases unless there is a public health reason to do so upon receipt of a positive test, Public Health does a thorough investigation of the case ensures they are isolated. Does a thorough contact investigation, including places attended during the infectious period? Should any information arise that the public needs to be aware of? Public Health will definitely disclose that information. Public Health will definitely disclose that to contacts of symptoms, to watch for and the need to self isolate for 14 days, but we do not share personal health information unless it is important to the health of the public. We continue to enhance our messaging on physical and social distancing, you've heard of the new orders that are in place today and some that will take place in effect on April 1st. These are important strategy in trying to interrupt the transmission of this virus stay home. If you can, if you must go out, please practice social distancing at all times, wash your hands keep two metres from other people stay home if you're sick stay home, if you can, certainly, if you are in a high-risk category of those over age, 65, those of underlying medical conditions or with immune compromised, there's also questions we receive about notifying the public of specific locations within a geographic region of clients. Again, we will do so if there is a public health need to do so, but as we are enhancing our social distancing messaging, if you were aware of a case within your town or city, you should practice social distancing. If you are not aware of such a case, you should practice social distancing. So it does not help the the public to know the specific locations of these cases, because we're asking everyone to stay home practice, social distancing at all times. If there was a reason to to announce where a specific case was and the location Public Health definitely would would do so. Please do not share unfounded rumors. We know that this now is not a time for fear. This is a time for credible knowledge. We see in much of the social media - it's easy to share stories that may not have been corroborated. So really this only instills fear and sometimes panic so encouraging everyone just school for credible information visit our website, Manitoba dot, see a backslash, ku, vid 19, but don't share unfounded information. I've mentioned it many times that we are not helpless against this virus. These steps that we continue to take are limiting the transmission of the virus. We've enhanced the public health orders today further enhancements take effect. April 1. This is to interrupt the transmission of the virus. Manitobans are taking action now to limit the impact of this virus. By doing so, we're protecting ourselves. The people around us, our community as a whole and we're also protecting our healthcare work or healthcare workers are at the front line being heroes to to Manitobans but putting themselves in in line of this in the line of this virus. So we want to protect them as much as we can stay home practice, social distancing and we're going to be improving the outcomes for for many, many Manitobans and again I'll end by thanking all my children's who have already stepped up taking these measures. We know it's difficult. We know that starting April 1 the difficulty level may raise for many people, you're doing your part to essentially save lives in Manitoba, and so we really appreciate that and all match. Tobin's are going to continue to ask us to work together in our battle against this virus. So, thank you. Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone I'm Lynnette Siragusa I'd, like to start today by giving a special thank you to Pam, mark and Hudson DePauw of Paterson green in call Ross Manitoba, as well as Chad and Melissa schmidt, from East Creek Farms. These two families reached out to their regional health authorities, southern health Santa suit on Friday and donated two hundred and ninety five respirators on behalf of all healthcare workers. I want to thank the families for their generosity. It is clear that public health emergencies bring out the best in our communities and donations such as these are excellent examples of how companies and individuals can step up and support us. We know that the expanded health orders will have an impact on many businesses and that the effects of kovat 19 are being felt far beyond health providers working throughout the province. So I do just want to express our appreciation and continued support from businesses who are offering their supplies, including the n9t five respirators for use in the health system. During this challenging time, we've also received businesses offering to help and specifically ask how they can donate some of their supplies. So one example is Canada. Goose has volunteered to make apparel for our health care workers and we are working on a more formal process so that when donations come, there's a process that they can follow and we will have more details available tomorrow. The requirements and challenges that we face change daily and they require swift action and constant surveillance and contingency planning. So I want to be clear that we are adequately supplied right now. We have stocks available, but we have to continue to take every step to make sure that we maintain preparation for a virus that has overwhelmed health systems in other parts of the world. Part of the challenges that are coming to us right now is that some borders have closed and some production has stalled in certain parts of the world which affects our ability to source and acquire the equipment and supplies that we need so our logistics team. To give you some perspective, who order our supplies and they do we meet with them every day, and they continue to say that we are good and- and we believe that, but they have had to be very creative in their purchasing. So normally in our normal world, they would deal with 60 vendors, approximately 60 or 70 vendors, and in for the past few weeks and months, they now deal with 600 vendors across the world, trying to make sure that they have what we need to protect our staff and the public. So it's just an example of how we need to keep working together and to get through this. So for any company who has supplies on hand, even if you're not sure if they would be useful, we'd be happy to connect with you so look around, and we will give you more details tomorrow on how how we can connect you in just to give you an update on operational matters. So our online self-assessment tool had 8,000 web views yesterday and since we launched it on March 17th, the English and French versions have received almost 350,000 views with the weekend. Now, over dinah care is back in action and we'll be calling patients to confirm that they are negative and we'll provide them with some information, as well as to what they need to do if anything changes so keeping up with the very much increased lab volume so that it's good to have their partnership and I do want to remind everyone that if you are kovat 19 positive public health will call you immediately as soon as they get those results. So just so, you know that is our top priority community testing site, a new community testing site will officially open in pine falls at ecole. Power View hours are 9:00 to 4:00 Monday to Friday, as dr. rusyn mentioned, often now we'll be opening, as of I think 1:30 this afternoon, their testing center at the MPI Service Center, and this is open from 10:00 till 3:00 seven days a week, and just to remember that these are testing sites that require a referral. These are not walking clinics. Another update, I wanted to provide for you was with regards to the RAM clinics, so the rapid access to addictions, medicine clinics. They provide a valuable service for those struggling to overcome substance use addiction. So, despite covet 19, these services are to continue at all locations throughout the province, but there will be some modifications, so whenever possible, they will try and have virtual or phone visits, but for those that need to meet in person they will be scheduling and staggering appointments so that they can respect the rules of social distancing and limit the number of people in the waiting rooms. For some of the smaller around clinics. They are limiting entry for clients only so for those patients who typically bring a support person or a loved one with them to these appointments, they'll be able to participate, but virtually not in person, and that's all I have today, so we can open it up to more questions. Thank you. Thank you and the reminder to reporters. Please identify yourselves before you ask the first part of your question and then, of course you have a follow-up question for this session from CTV Michelle about the message to the cottage right, so I think that there's a there's a number of things there, with with the cottage message, I think that one is that now is not the time to travel. Right now is the time for social distancing. Now is the time to stay home. If you can the other issue, there is that traveling to the cottage to rural areas, where you might be seeking health care should you need could potentially overwhelm those those areas. Should you get ill, so the messaging is: is there that right now it's it can be difficult times. We know everyone is, is finding some challenges with this, but you know the message is now is not the time to be traveling now is the time to be staying home now is the time for social distancing and then also ages are any of the people in hospital under 40. You tell us a little bit about very good. Well, you know so. I get reports of hospitalizations as soon as they come in to public health. I. Don't have all of that information on me right here. I think that going forward we're gonna try to be able to list the the age range of individuals that are in I see were in hospital, but I don't have that right now, but we're gonna look to to have that from the what a peg son, Josh, I'm, Josh, Oliver, 20-page son, we're a little over I guess about a week and a half left or so of schools being closed and child care centers been closed. Is there much more thought to keeping them close longer or just shutting them down to the school year? Considering if we do that, teachers will probably need time to prep and put things together for their students, yeah there's, definitely thoughts going going on and you'll likely be hearing some more information on that in a near future sense of how long these orders are going to need to be in place. So people have an idea. I've heard everything from few weeks and most people are now saying months. Some jurisdictions saying six months, what's kind of the prognosis on that, what the not just about looking at models from across all of that and hopefully we'll yeah. It's it's tough to give a solid figure on that, but social distancing strategies. You know they they'll need to be in place for many many weeks to have a strong effect. What that exactly looks like may be different in different jurisdictions, but but we're not looking at these strategies being just just a couple weeks now the overall strategy could change and within there there could be some rotating of the strategies within that time frame. But we are looking at some methods of social distancing for for many many weeks problem. The CBC Manitoba Berkeley, dr. wissen, bought the key via Skiba I, don't know my own name at CBC here um a couple of weeks ago, you talked about a really pretty week, benchmark after the first reported case of Kovac nineteen based of the model you are looking at being when you would see community transmission, are you expecting it now and if not, when right so we're? We know that it's that it is coming I can't confirm sustained community-based transmission right now, but, as these numbers continue to climb as more and more of this virus is introduced into the community, we are going to see community based transmission and when, when that exactly occurs, it's it's difficult to pinpoint that. But, but within this you know this week within the next couple weeks. We fully expect to see that and we'll keep everyone. You know informed when we, when we see sustained community based transmission, but a lot of these steps. These steps are are typically taken once you see that so we've had the schools are suspended, we're now taking measures to close non-critical businesses. So these are the typical things we put in place once we see sustained community-based transmission so we're we are a bit ahead of things here all right. Honorable to note, when does the health care system expect to see the serbs that we've already seen in some of the North American jurisdictions is still expected end of April? Is it expected in May I know that there is specific health care planning being done. All the parties should probably have their own healthcare sources. When will that surge be expected in the healthcare system? Yeah and again it's it's really difficult to you know to speculate at that. We've been, you know, prepared right from the beginning. You know we've been preparing for since February to be able to respond to any such surge like that, and we continue to prepare over time and a lot of you know our actions are we're. Hoping will give us more time to prepare even and so it's difficult to to predict. We know that once we see community widespread, sustained community based transmission, we're going to expect to see that surge in cases and then, when you see a surge in cases, a small but predictable amount of those cases will will need hospitalization. Thank you from the Canadian Press Steve hi, it's Steve Lambert from the Canadian Press I've got a question specific to you. N95 mask Alberta last weekend announced a protocol that appears to allow healthcare workers who conduct nasal swabs to wear n95 masks. Here now at 12. Another problem says they're given surgical masks, but given the very close distance that one requires to conduct a nasal swab, why are nurses here not given n95 masks, so the n95 respirators are specifically required for aerosol generating medical procedures. We follow the guidelines that were developed by the public health agency of Canada, as well as the World Health Organization, and we do appreciate that there can be some difference in evidence, but that to us was the best evidence available and we also relied on clinical experts within the system to let us know further look up research, but also give us their clinical guidance, and it was determined that that would be the direction we would take and as a follow-up we've seen in other jurisdictions on, you know: China the u.s. Italy health care workers falling sick and dying and is Manitoba properly giving people personal protective equipment to health care workers. Even those who may not be according to guidelines facing what would normally be a danger requiring a respiratory mask. Are we not? Should we not be erring on the side of caution and and and giving people extra protection given what's happening elsewhere in the world, making sure that our staff and the public are safe is our number one priority and we are relying on evidence to guide our decisions. So in a time where equipment is limited, we have ordered enough more than enough and we continue to to search and find and get more n95 masks or whatever it be, even surgical, masks and gloves and gowns, so that our staff are protected. It's very important that every staff member and how did dawn and off their personal protective equipment. That is a key part of protecting yourself and also changing out the mass in appropriate timelines. So we would never put our staff or the public at risk, and we are following the evidence that we have available to us as well as clinical guidance from our experts from CJ OB Diana good afternoon, giant Foxwell from 680 CJ OB, dr. Grusin. As far as the services that are to remain open from April 1st to April 14th. How do you come up with that? Enlist? Did you kind of take Ontario's list and kind of use that I haven't read the whole way through, but it does look very similar? Is it kind of something based off of other jurisdictions, or did you just? Did we just go and kind of decide what we needed here there was. We did look at other jurisdictions and the type of businesses that they included and excluded from their orders, and then we took time here to to put a Manitoba lens on it and had a lot of engagement from many partners to to look at what a appropriate list is and then just like any of these orders, we're gonna, revisit it and see, what's what's working, what isn't and if there's any any changes that need to be made and just as a follow-up say, someone is under isolation at home. Maybe they tested positive for home in nineteen and then they recover. What does it look like sort of them going back to their daily life now that they are testing negative or they've been considered recovered? Obviously, with the social and physical distancing guidelines, it seems, like a many kind of people, be told to maintain similar isolating principles or what does that look like when summers recovered from Kovac 19? What does public health tell that right? So the so someone who is at home recovering from covet 19, which the vast majority will 80% of cases, were likely to just recover and and improve at home after 14 days from the date of onset of her symptoms and if they have no further symptoms than they would be released from self isolate or from isolation, and so the issues regarding social distancing still still apply to us all, but they wouldn't be under a public health isolation at that time worked in a in a critical business than they would be able to to return at that time. Thank you from the Winnipeg Free Press Larry, so dr. Woodson I'm, wondering is, has Public Health completed its investigation into the workplace, where the woman who died of Cove it'd? Have you looked into the workplace, and can you tell me whether any of her co-workers have tested positive? Certainly, the investigation on that case would be completed and you know I. If the person was infectious while they are at work, then definitely the workplace would have been involved in the investigation and any co-workers who had close contact with that individual would have been contacted and advised itself isolate and monitor for symptoms. So it's a typical typical investigation and if just like any individual, if they were symptomatic, while at work, then that investigation would include their workplace. So we we have a number of cases. Ongoing I can't really speak to you know which contacts of which individual have tested positive, but but certainly if that individual was ill while they're at work. That investigation would have been done. My follow-up is: is there any particular concern or evidence to show that you're getting more cases connected to dental offices? Dental Supply Company is especially since there were and would have been, a number of people from Winnipeg Manitoba at that March 5th 7th Conference big conference dental conference in Vancouver, any as the dental either dental offices or a Dental Supply Company, is a hot spot. I can't describe it as as necessarily the hot spot. We know that that's hearing about cases in many jurisdictions regarding that conference. We now know that we are past the incubation period of that of that conference, but but certainly that that conference I know of many jurisdictions reporting cases from there. I don't have in front of me. A number of cases linked to that we haven't really been. Our efforts haven't been really focused on disclosing that publicly certainly - I know that in our jurisdiction letters went out to all attendees of that of that conference weeks ago to advise of the need to self isolate. But I don't have in front of me Larry a number of cases that are linked to that from global Brittany good afternoon. Brittany Greenslade, Global News, dr. Bruce I, know the premier got asked about this earlier, but just want to get your take on it. Parks are full parking. Lots are full people out still playing baseball, throwing that around people that are sitting in the backs of their cars, with the hatches open to keep that six feet distance. But still you know hanging out with other people. Is that social distancing and can you give people a better understanding of really I know you say stay home, but to really drive at home to people yeah I think that the a strong message should be stay home for the for the most part right. So if you can stay home, especially if you're ill I would say, especially if you're you know over 65 or have underlying medical conditions stay home, we know that health is not only about this virus and so staying physically active getting in the outdoors as the weather gets gets. Nice is important as well. It's just really always keep in mind the importance right now of physical distancing, and so when you get to these parks, if you felt like going on a nature, walk or a walk on the trail, but you get there and you see many many cars and a lot probably turn around. You know if there's a number of people there, this is not gonna, be not conducive with physical distancing, so we want people out. We want people to stay healthy. Mental health is a big issue, but if there's a large group of people, you need to consider turning around and doing whatever you can to keep that 2 meter distance, and my second question would be I- know that you guys are going to be putting online case data, including Possible's and some locations where people may have come into contact with a confirmed case that currently is not up on the website and as of right now, the last flight information confirmed cases seems to be from two weeks ago. So of our 96 cases. Well, you don't believe we're seeing sustained community transmission. Yet are we seeing any community transmission, yet we? It depends on on our definition, for that. Certainly we mentioned before that we've had a number of cases related to travel. Certainly the vast majority of our cases are related to travel. We know that we've had cases that are directly linked to known cases, and so that is community transmission. It's just that when we know the transmission chain, especially if the original case was was a from travel and in a close contact of that case is identified. That's is community transmission, but but once you link it to a compared to a known transmission chain, it's it's not the type of transmission we're thinking about. When we see you just test positive and we can't link them at all to travel or to a known transmission chain. That's making us think that their virus is just being transmitted, then in in the community. So right now we are investigating cases, and so we I cannot say that we have sustained community based transmission, but there are our cases that we're still trying to link to to travel or to other cases, and so we'll update frequently and as soon as we can. When we look at some of the epidemiology, if we get the sense that we're seeing this community transmission, then we will make Merriman's aware of that from City News definitey doctors in stock mutual city news, just wondering, as the lab around sought its capabilities for testing when will be able to loosen the restrictions on who can be tested right so right now, we're testing certainly only symptomatic people and and that's likely, gonna stay that way. We're testing returning travelers from international or from inter provincial travel with symptoms. Now any healthcare worker, regardless of their travel or contact history who are symptomatic, will be tested, we're doing the same for any hospitalized patients that are symptomatic with the respiratory symptoms and then we're also in congregate, settings or an isolated community. So we have expanded that testing as we as we move forward. As we see the dynamics changing, then we may extend that testing further right. Now, that's our testing criteria and we're continuing to work with the lab. The lab is doing an outstanding job at implementing many innovative strategies to try to increase their testing volumes and, as we see that as we see the demand rise as we see the changing dynamics that will we'll adjust our criteria as well right, but you have a ballpark of when that might be when it might open up to all symptomatic people. These are community transmission is coming. Do you know if it'll be a week, please it's tough to to say right, there's a lot of variables at the lab for that purpose. So you know one strategy and many jurisdictions are using is once we see widespread community transmission. We know that the majority of people right, eighty percent of people will have mild symptoms and can recover at home. So if we're, if we're seeing widespread community transmission, then staying home when you're sick for 14 days is is another strategy, and so as we as we see that those are some of the strategies that were put in place, but we're working with with the lab, but I can't give you a definite date as when we're going to do that. Okay and then just a quick follow-up, I just wondered if you could give general description of the kinds of businesses that are considered essential. This is a 74 point document, but very specific discussion, but just generally, when people ask like what is going to be considered as essential that can continue to operate right, the critical services so you're right, it's it's a long list and it certainly doesn't apply to government, so provincial federal or municipality, and then we're looking at in broad terms of supply chains. Certain manufacturers of goods and services for the household right, grocery stores will remain open, certainly, health care providers in in other health care professions open for urgent or emergent issues, but it's really a to ensure that we have the necessary goods and services still available to to Manitoba pne's, while at the same time enhancing our messaging about social, distancing and then, and in really closing those non-essential non-critical services that we mentioned earlier. Thank you from CBC, Radio, Canada, patrick. I am doctor recent that Fuko from Radio Canada good question, for you is it possible that we can see eventually a measure that the one that is being taken into a sink a bank right now where they announced that the grocery stores would be closed every Sunday? Could we see something like that? Yeah good? So nothing is off the table here. So when we place these orders in now, they're going to take place, take effect on April 1. We have right now just in force for two weeks, but we know that that sure could be extended, but we're going to continue to review these these orders and see, if there's other implementation, that we need to do then we're going to do it, but we're going to do it based on on what we're seeing in our jurisdiction from 102 9v HTM Navi good afternoon. My question is for dr. riesen in regards to the 24 cases that were announced today, as well as the 36 givers States cases that were announced between Friday and Sunday, you in the very least, confirm whether these are any of these or northern Manitoba cases. At this time there was a one case in the northern Health Region we've had a couple of calls to the station from people who live in apartments who are concerned about shared air conditioning or shared air ventilation units and their buildings, and are concerned about air exchange even two before that. This is not an airborne virus, but could you sort of clarify for those who are living in that sort of situation or that sort of building that they are? Whether this is a concern for them or if these concerns are founded or not? So those are. That is not a concern, so this is spread by a contact and droplet spread, so it doesn't get aerosolized under normal circumstances. We know in certain healthcare procedures it's a possibility, I realized, but in in the community we're not. We do not see this virus be aerosolized, so you do not need to be concerned about you know, forced air, furnaces or any any type of HVAC systems of the sort. This is contact and droplet spread. Only thank you from the Brandon some drew. Thank you up. This is a drew mate for the Brandon son um right now. We're seeing I believe 9 confirmed cases of Koba 19 in the paramount Health Region, because none of the helps of any sense of whether those are all trouble ated or whether they might be also based on that community trend. Espa transmission, yeah, you know we we do have that information. I, don't have that in front of me for all the regions. So you know, as the you know, our contact invested investigations go on we, you know we link it to either travel or to a known case. If we can but I, don't I don't have the pair Mountain health numbers right. So right in front of me, you from the Flin Flon reminder Cassady hi. This is Kathy from the Flin Flon reminder, I'm wondering if you can maybe walk me through. You are giving cases by Health Region and not getting into any more specific location from that. Why are you giving the Health Region, then I think that's just been typical, typical practice for us to break it down by Health, Region I think it gives a you know a little bit of a sense on the distribution in the province, but again it's not to affect behavior, because we want all Manitobans to practice social distancing at all times. If you were at risk of being in contact with a case, Public Health will be in contact with you. If Public Health was aware of a potential transmission within a certain site or geographic location that we were concerned, we were not able to reach all contacts by typical methods. Then we would announce that publicly, and so we break it down give a little bit of that of the of the breakdown of the provincial numbers. But again it's not really to change people's behavior. We want everyone right now, whether you're aware of a case in your town or city to practice social distancing now now is that time and is there any way we could get the numbers for the amount of tests completed in the northern region? I think it is broken down that way and what we can get you that okay, thank you from the Thompson citizen, Ian wondering is the things you mentioned on one case in the northern health reason was that among the latest 24 and when were those tests completed, it was one of the new cases and I don't know when the when the test was taken on this specific individual, like border communities that regularly travels into a you know, community in Manitoba like would someone from Saskatchewan ever be tested at a site? In man token, if that was the closest site, it strictly divided by problems. No health care services are portable amongst the provinces. So if somebody from any province attended or from anywhere was in Manitoba need a testing, they would that testing would be done from CKD em Matt Matt Hamill 730, CKD M. We have a testing site, a drive-through testing site that just opened up here in Dauphin. It was originally scheduled to be opened on Saturday I was wondering if I could get any insight into the reason for the delay or I heard. There may have been an issue with the facility, the NPI service center, but that is where its opening now I'm, just looking for some clarity on that I think the Regional Health Authority is quite happy with the MPI structure and and the facility. So I don't think that was an issue. I think there were some questions and concerns by some that needed to be addressed and I believe that happens. Okay was it? Was there any sort of negotiation with the municipal government or can you it say anything? Yeah I, don't have all the details, but there was work with members of the community and and likely the municipal government as well. Thank you all right, Stevie and Michelle Michelle. Do you have other questions I suppose ask again what your recommendation is on wearing masks in public over the last couple days, we've kind of seen: Ramona Tobin's, who are not ill just Jen in the general public I do not advise wearing masks I advise against wearing masks the general public. We should save those masks for people who need them. You know ill ill, individual, especially presenting to health care facilities, health care, workers, assessing and caring for ill people where those math should be used. Those math do not provide benefits to the general public, just wearing them out on your day to day activities. My advice is: if you're really concerned about contracting a virus stay home, wash your hands frequently. If you do go out, then maintain that physical distancing, the masks aren't going to be of use to you. There's an Ontario company making these covert 19 tests Spartans the Ontario government has ordered. Hundreds of thousands of them is Manitoba. Also looking at that order or anything I think the our labs been looking at a number of different different options. I can't speak specifically to that that specific situation, but the lab is looking at many ways of increasing our capacity here for testing from the Winnipeg Sun Josh is Josh. I. Think you just kind of answered this question, but you know how long it'll take to get to a potential full capacity for the CAD inferential lab and what that looks like well, I mean the I mean their capacity is. Has increased probably about 400 percent on this, so there isn't really a full capacity. They just keep increasing their capacity that they're that they have so we're not looking at a certain certain level to get to or just increasing it as we can and then we'll adjust our testing strategy so that we ensure we're testing the most appropriate people within that capacity. What's the biggest or what are the factors in increasing that capacity? Are we looking at just having enough reagents on hand, is having enough staff on hand whether the we exactly be determining that yeah? Those are all factors you know up to now the the reagent has been one of the biggest factors, but there's many many factors that go in so the reagent is one staffing is: is another even the test testing equipment such as swabs viral transport media, as we test and test and test all of those things have increasing demand. So it's multifaceted, but up to now the the reagent has been a has been the major shortage from CDC Manitoba Berkeley, dr. Reiss enormous surges. Last week the premier hinted at the use of hotels, for some unspecified reason are you planning on doing it? Other jurisdictions are using hotels as hospitals, hotels are vacantly, we're looking at different places where we can help people self, isolate if they're not able to at home, depending on where they're setting is so. Yes, the answer is we're looking at all options, hotels being one but also beyond that and I mean it has health care, though not just isolation. Sorry, what are you looking my question with hotels for healthcare purposes, healthcare purposes like providing. Please are you - you -, yes, divert either positive or not positive people in - ha into into hotels. Are you going to treat them as hospitals? That was my initial question. No I think they know I think if they need a hospital, we're gonna make sure they have a hospital. My second question: in dr. rusyn last week you identified one healthcare worker as testing positive. Is that person a nurse and, if and other what is the total number of healthcare workers in Manitoba tested positive right? So the the health care worker that I referred to acquired the the infection through travel and then and then really the it was a non health care setting for that an entire period. So I don't have in front of me the the total amount of health care workers I mentioned that one, because I knew of that one specifically on on the requisition, but but I don't have a list of that you we do our contact investigation on all of these individuals, occupational health infection prevention and control come into play. If we have a healthcare worker, that's diagnosed within the healthcare setting and thorough contact investigation is on. We don go related to other staff related to clients, but I. Don't have a number in front of me on how many cases our health care workers provide that later, we'll go, look and see what what type of things were we're releasing from the Canadian Press these people, ambered from The Canadian Press dr., you talked a few times about the information you may or may not be releasing um people are worried about. You know health care workers, people on the front lines. We, the general public, given our fastest to sprint and in some parts of the world. Why are you not releasing information about where people might have been in the province when they were contagious, when when when, where people might have been at risk yeah? Well, we we definitely will release that information if we feel that people are at risk. So remember this virus is spread through close prolong contact. So to know that there was a case somewhere in your town, shouldn't really change much what you do right. You should be practicing social distancing if you were determined to be a close contact with an individual public health will be in contact with you for health care settings. If we had a health care worker or a another known case that we felt could have been in close, prolonged contact with a number of people that we would say weren't able to identify, then we absolutely will announce that publicly and and give people information. So it's it's not about won't, really, release information, we'll release any information that we think will benefit the health of the public and to pull of Ombuds question. What? If there have been health care workers who might have been contagious while at work, can you say whether or not that is happening to date? If that, if that occurs, then we would be looking at the the period of infectiousness. Looking at all the close contacts during that at that time and the precautions taken and if we felt there was a number of people at risk that we couldn't identify, then we will make that announcement and- and let Manitobans know that if they were in this certain location during this period of time that they should be aware that they may have been in contact with with Kovan 19 would not be a public announcement. If you could face what you believed with all the contacts for sure, that's right wouldn't be of benefit to the public, to announce that if we knew that all the contacts have been identified from CJ OB Diana, dr. rusyn, it's Diana's on six ABC J OB, just a quick question. If you're under isolation at home say someone had returned from traveling, it is spending not 14 day period back home. What happens if there was to be something like an emergency where a water pipe burst or a furnace broken at home? Would someone be able to come into that house and fix things given that the person is under that self-isolation or what would the situation be there? Yet? So it's so it depends. Certainly those type of services are not are excluded under the orders, so those those services will maintain will be able to continue to operate after April 1. If a person is self isolating at home, but as as not showing any symptoms, then these type of emergency measures could still take place. There should be adequate social distancing within the house, because remember this is only spread through close contact, so that would be would be there. So if we had a say a case that was isolating at home and something like this happened, we would have public health involved and make sure that any such you know, repairs were done, but when we're done in a safe manner. Okay, just a quick question with regards to obviously restaurants and cafes closed for in-person dining under the Public Health Act April, 1st April 14th. What do you say to Manitobans who might be kind of concerned? Obviously you can still order for takeout or delivery. Some people might be a little bit wary. Is that what would you say to them? Obviously, that still being available right, so our supply chains are going to be fully operational, so food, grocery stores, even takeout and delivery from restaurants is not going to be affected here. So again, these these steps are can be troubling to people, but we want these steps to. We take these steps to make it clear that we are enhancing our messaging regarding the need for social distancing. So this this may sometimes raise anxiety, but, like we said this is the time for action, and so these steps are necessary, but we do not need to worry about. You know. Access to food of the this nature are the critical services will in place. They maintain our supply chains but at the same time we're putting measures in to limit the spread of this virus, but manitoba's can kind of rest assured that it's not unsafe to order takeout I guess my question is very free support me: does I didn't catch that last one? Sorry, sorry, I, just kind of a clarification Manitobans can rest assured that it's still safe to order food for sort of delivery or take? Oh there's, not that's correct yeah. This is this is still fine. If you're going to pick up your your order, those operators are going to need to ensure that safe social distancing is is applied within the facility and delivery. Again is just a a very quick delivery and everyone should be washing their hands all the time. Thank you from the won a big Free Press Larry. Just following up on an answer you gave me to a previous question. You said the letters went out to various people who attended that Vancouver dental conference and they're asked to self isolate I'm wondering like what such a big conference in so many attendees. Why was the public not alerted to the risk of transmission? From from that particular event, and are you sure you were able to contact everyone from Manitoba who attended? Yeah I? Think that the there was a lot of messaging through through media about about that conference. The messaging went out through through the associations so that Dental, Association and so I think the messaging was very broad, and that was the the messaging that went out and I think it did. Reach reach everyone that was affected. Follow-Up is on cancer surgeries. Are there any cancer surgeries in Manitoba now being postponed, and if so, what type? In conversation with these surgery team, the only surgery surgery would have to they they're looking at eating each individual case, and they would only prolong a surgical case. If there would potentially be a negative outcome, in which case then it would proceed. So I can't speak to every individual type of surgery. It would be dependent on what the prognosis was in that individual person. Only if there was a risk to the patient into surgery a risk in delaying the surgery it would Prost. It would proceed right, so if someone had my type of cancer and needed surgery, we would not delay that surgery. It's gonna result in a negative outcome. Does that make sense only if delaying the surgery would would produce a negative outcome or if it wouldn't produce a negative outcome by delaying you're saying they might be doing. We do not want any negative outcomes for the patients in Manitoba. So if they need surgery and a negative outcome would result from delaying the surgery, then we would not delay the surgery. We would proceed with the surgery, no more questions from global. Thank you from City News. Definitely, if there's no special secret city news just wondering earlier in the press conference, you return to confusion over community testing sites and that they don't pull the risk to the public, just wondering if that had anything to do with the lane of the dolphin site. Opening the well I don't know the necessarily the details of the particular site on what happened, but we know that this is a time where there's a lot of misinformation, a lot of fear, a lot of anxiety and so we're putting these sites together and and we've seen that they've been expanding over time. So you just want to make sure that the public is aware that these are not putting anyone in harm's way that this virus is spread only through close contact, and so these these sites are safe. Thanks I'd maybe have some directed the question on that sorry. I wasn't sure who had watched you, this particular I'm good yeah, so each Regional Health Authority really takes accountability to operationalize these individual sites. So I was aware that at the dauphin site there was a bit more communication that needed to be happening within the community, but I don't have all the details to that. How do you thank you? Can you see your a G of Canada Patrick, Patrick 102 9 see.htm, Navi apologies! If this is already been asked, but I would just want to clarify wearing northern Manitoba. This one confirmed presumptive case is wait. Like we've been saying: we've limited our identification to the Health Region, there's a Northern Health, Region, travel-related I, don't know the public health investigation just just started on that yesterday, so I don't have all of those answers from the Brandon's son Drew, okay from the Flin Flon reminder: Cassidy hi, the Cassidy from the reminder here. I am wondering what goes into the decision on where to place a testing site. Well, that's that's up to the Regional Health Authority to look at their geography and what the population demand is and where their structures available. So it might be in an existing structure. It might be in a structure that we don't typically use and and it's subject to change based on the demand. So when we first started with the testing sites, there was a huge surge of testing. We are seeing at some sites the the numbers are coming down, so we'll just continue to evaluate and Trust the RHA s as to what what works best to make sure that their communities have access to testing. Thank you. So much have a great day. Thank you from the Thompson citizen. Ian measures are taken to places like Compton where a lot of health care workers come in and out on, like you know a two week basis. How does that address to reduce the risk of you know, people well I, think the same rules would apply that there's still that stay home if you're sick, basically- and we have been in contact with some of the agencies that provide staff from out of province that they should stay at home. Yep stick from CKD m-matt, our final reporter, no more questions. Thank you. Alright, then. Thank you very much. That concludes this afternoon. Maybe everything.