We interrupt this program for breaking news from the global national newsroom hello, I'm, Robin Gill, we're standing by for the prime minister to address Canadians about the Cova 19 pandemic. This has become something of a daily event for the past 7 days. Let's take you to Ottawa now in the Prime Minister's home, he and his family have been in self-isolation there, since his wife, Sophie tested positive for köppen 19 on March, 13th she's recovering there and is doing well. The health scare and the economic impact of Kovan 19 is top of mind for Canadians. The House of Commons will reconvene on Tuesday to deal with the crisis, but business will have to be conducted with a minimum number of MPs, possibly only those who are within driving distance of Ottawa. There is an acknowledgment that parties will try to keep their MPs from flying as we wait for the prime minister to speak. Let's go to our Michal Couture in Ottawa Mike. These press conferences outside Reno Cottage have become a daily affair. Global News has learned that the House of Commons is reconvening for a sitting, obviously unusual and unprecedented conditions. What can you tell us yeah and consider that they will reconvene at noon? We just got the notice from the speaker's office today the Speaker of the House of Commons and, as you said, a minimum number because think of this. First of all, you don't want to come on a flight if you're an MP from far off and also within the House of Commons on Fridays, when there are an a minimum number of MPs already in the house, they usually actually move around so that this shot on TV looks like there's a good number of them around each other because of social distancing. They were gonna have to be a good distance away from each other. So that will be interesting. We don't expect that actually to go on for too long, though it'll probably go through pretty quickly to pass that 82 billion dollar stimulus package. We heard Andrew Shearer speaking to Canadian Press yesterday saying this is not the time for partisan games with this and that he expects that his party will support it, but also on the flip side. What we expect to hear from the Prime Minister today is the effort to get all these Canadians home. We had the flight from Morocco landing yesterday in Montreal. This morning we spoke on the West block, - ha Filipe champaing, the Foreign Affairs Minister, who talked a lot about what the behind-the-scenes machine is all about in trying to secure these flights and getting people home they're already working on one from Spain and another one from Peru have a listen now on how difficult it is to try and get these flights to the country and then get these Canadians home. What we have to accept is that there will be some Canadians who can come back home and what we'll do with our missions around the world is to provide them services to it to assist them that this weekend, but I'll, be honest with you. This is going to be in a scale that we've never seen before. To give you a sense of perspective, we've got like 14,000 emails in the last 48 hours. 10,000 calls. We have 600 people in our Operations Center 24/7, so this isn't a scale that we've never seen. So everyone is mobilized, we're focusing on helping those in need most Mike. The minister is realistic, though, that not all Canadians are gonna, get on flights and come home yeah, and that's a difficult decision they're having to make trying to make sure that they can clear that airspace, who can they go get? Where are there the biggest and a number of clusters of Canadians and those who can't those that have to hunker down and stay in the country where they are? They are looking at using consular affairs to send money to send checks to make sure that they have the funds and that they have the ability to stay where they are and ride this out. This is not going to be like a hurricane or some sort of natural disaster where it'll pass quickly I mean you heard paddy hide you yesterday talking about social isolation and how it will social distancing rather and how that will last not weeks possibly months, and this is the difficulty the government is really trying to grapple with. Here is they're trying to underscore to Canadians. If everybody does this now, it may not. Last as long as we want it to or as it has to so, they don't want to play that card of the Emergencies Act. A lot of people have said what happens when we get there? What will it look like? Will it be police officers patrolling neighborhoods and telling people get back inside your house? Please? Will they have to arrest people? Provinces are I've already been doing it on their own? What will this take for the government to get there and the government and ministers are pleading with Canadians? Please stay inside now, so we don't have to get there and that we can get through this now back to the point of people who are not in Canada, they're gonna do their best to try and get everybody back to Canada, especially if you consider countries that possibly don't have health care. That is at the standard of Canada's, making sure that whoever is out there can get back and if need you know to be in Canada for health care, but it is going to mean difficult decisions for this government and at some point just saying this is as many people as we can bring back at this point, all right, Michael Couture in Ottawa all provinces, nova scotia, was the last province to declare a state of emergency. It went into effect this morning. Premier Stephen McNeil is restricting gatherings of more than five people. Non-Essential businesses will be closed. Businesses and individuals will face fines for violating self-isolation orders. The province is also tightening controls at provincial borders. If you are coming into our province, you'll be stopped at every entry point questioned and told to self isolate for those who are not essential service and want to enter our province for social purposes. Please stay home. Alright, let's take a moment to update you on the Cova 19 numbers here in Canada, there are more than 1300 tested and diagnosed cases across the country. 19 people have died, British, Columbia and Ontario are still bearing the brunt of it. Bc has at least 424 cases Ontario 377 in Alberta. The number has risen to 226 in Quebec. There are at least a hundred and eighty-one cases, and yesterday kovat 19 reached the far north Northwest Territories confirmed its first case. The government. There is now limiting non-essential travel across the territory's border, and that is the first jurisdiction in Canada to do so. Now around the world there have been more than 300,000 confirmed cases of Cova 19 in about 170 countries and territories. The current center of the pandemic has been Italy for days now, and that continues to be the case. With more than 53,000 people. Infected Spain has more than 28,000 people infected and 26,000 people are infected in the u.s.. The numbers obviously keep rising. The US Canada border, the world's longest undefended border, has been closed. Tuna all non-essential travel for more than 24 hours. Now it remains open for trade, so trucks carrying food and goods can continue to go back and forth. Canadian residents are allowed to travel back from the US, but hundreds of Canadians abroad are still anxiously waiting to find out when or if they can come back. The federal government is working with Canadian airlines to operate repatriation flights. One such flight arrived in Montreal overnight from Morocco. Let's go to our Mike Armstrong in Montreal Mike, that flight from Morocco had more than 400 Canadians and permanent residents. But what do we know about other flights to other parts of the world to get Canadians out? Well, we know that the government is scrambling, we're hearing reports about flights, perhaps leaving for Guatemala trying to bring back about 95 people there about 4300 people. We believe stranded in Peru that country closing its airspace. It is extremely complicated trying to get planes into their minister. Bang actually said that the planes are the easy part. It's getting the landing permission, the making sure the airport's open, making sure people can actually travel to get to the airport to be picked up, because we have martial law in some of these countries and curfews, and things like that. Actually, you can log on to Twitter and see where a lot of Canadians are stranded. You can basically just put Canadian and any country you want and you'll find people saying I'm here. Can the government please come and help me the government's also making suggestions to people if you have family that are in these some of these countries and they're stranded in any country? Actually, the government's saying please make sure that they register with the consulate that they fall, that they fill all the different excuse me the forms that the government asks for, so that the government knows exactly where they are and whether they can travel or not, but and then it's the the government's duty to get the planes there and that's what they're working on a WestJet by the way put out a statement. Last night saying they're hoping to make 34 repatriation flights between this Tuesday and Thursday so that work continues. Robin, you know the window of opportunity to get these Canadians home is obviously shrinking. Not a lot of airspace. Runways are diminishing. What about snowbirds I know the province odd. The federal government was urging snowbirds to get home yeah we're seeing that trickle. Actually south of Montreal we've got the local border crossing, which is, if you drive north from Florida straight to Canada. That's probably where you would end up going and all day yesterday there were news reports of people showing up there and saying we're in sometimes in RVs, and things like that, saying we're happy to be home. Actually one of the things that they were saying was that perhaps Florida wasn't taking it as seriously as they were here in Quebec was taking it and Canada, and so they were that's one of the reasons they were happy to be home, as well as the health care system here, but yeah a lot of snowbirds heading home, and it is important to note, as was noted just a little while ago, that Canadians headed north can cross. If you got a Canadian passport, the Kenyan government is not going to tell you. You can't cross the border home yesterday. The Prime Minister indicator that it's kind of become tree by country day by day, when we figure out how many and when we can return these Canadians yeah and it's it's really complicated cuz there. Actually in some cases, for example, European countries, planes are leaving Canada with foreign nationals taking them home and then, when they get there, they're picking up Canadians and bringing them back. And you know it's a. We see the cabinet ministers giving shoutouts to people, health care workers, people are driving trucks and things like that. It's important to remember the work. That's going on on these repay tree, Asian flights, the pilots and the flight attendants who are putting perhaps their danger their lives in danger. At least it is a very distressing thing to have to do, they're being given masks and gloves. So imagine flight attendants that and that's the only defense they have people are getting into these confined areas with them. They're bringing people back and I spoke to a flight attendant on Friday. Who was telling me you know here she is nervous about whether, if she's putting a life in danger and maybe her family, by bringing something back with her and there, she is sitting in another country waiting to fill up the plane and bring people back and that's when she got her layoff notice telling her that in two weeks she won't have a job anymore, at least temporarily, but who knows how long this is gonna last these are tough times all right, Mike Armstrong in Montreal. Let's turn to our jeff simple in on in toronto. Jeff, can you update us on the situation in Ontario now yeah Robin? In the last few minutes? In fact, we've received an update from health officials here in the province of Ontario updating the number of cases in this province. That number now stands at four hundred and twenty-four they've had 47 new cases here in the province of Ontario. So again the total number for the province 424. That includes the three people who were killed by the virus, and it's also worth noting that there are more than 8300 cases now under investigations. So an expectation here that the number of cases will continue to rise as we continue to await the test results from many of those other patients. We've also heard that Ontario hospitals are receiving broad new powers now to help combat this outbreak. That includes the ability to cancel staff vacations, to move employees between departments is needed and to bring volunteers in to assist as needed as well and we're outside of one Hospital here in Toronto. We're an emergency room doctor is now on his own volition. Launching what he's calling a PPE drive so we've all heard of food drives, of course, but PPE Drive PPE standing for personal protective equipment, so those surgical masks that we often see he's concerned about a critical shortage here in the days ahead for those of that type of equipment for health officials, where it's so desperately needed. So he's asking members of the public starting tomorrow to donate any unused unexpired surgical, masks. Those are n95, respirators, gowns, goggles, anything that's still in its packaging to bring them to your local hospital here in the City of Toronto and donate them to the health officials who so desperately need them and, of course, Robin. We've seen those images people hoarding some of those supplies. It's not uncommon to see people in the streets of Toronto wearing those surgical masks as they're out and about despite health officials, stressing that those masks will help prevent the spread of the virus if you're infected, but there's not a lot of evidence to suggest that wearing them out on the street is going to prevent you from getting sick. Unless you have close contact with someone known to be carrying the virus and of course that is the case for many health officials here who are at the very center of battling, this outbreak they're, obviously under a huge enormous amount of strain, what other resources are being made available to them. Well, at this point, they're really concerned about the lack of ventilators as I say at the lack of surgical equipment. We've heard from the w-h-o the World Health Organization warning about a global shortage of PPE, saying that, globally speaking, we need to increase the production of those surgical masks by 40 percent, so some pretty dire numbers there and, of course, we've seen what can happen in a hot spot like Italy, for example, if health officials don't have protection, almost 10% of frontline health care workers in Italy have been sidelined as a result of their their exposure to the virus. So at a point where our health system is at capacity, of course, we then run the risk if we don't protect our frontline health officials that they could be taken out of service and make this bad situation that much worse Robin. What's the testing like in Ontario? Well, at this point, there's the health officials have warned that there's simply not enough testing going on and they are trying to ramp that up as best they can. We are seeing, of course, that they they're, aiming for the number 5,000 tests a day is what they'd like to be seeing nationwide. That's the number that we've heard the Health Minister talked about before we've seen in a country like South Korea, for example, which is you know nearly twice the size of Canada they were conducting at their peak about 10,000 tests per day. The tests are quite quick in most cases we're talking about a nasal swab, but then the test results can take several hours to process and in most cases, patients are told to wait for a couple of days. So, as we say in the province of Ontario right now, we're looking at more than 8,000 cases that are currently under investigation. So a lot of in many of those those are test results that we are now waiting to hear back from. But you know, especially when you look at an example like South Korea, where the health officials there did a terrific job by all accounts of managing to get this outbreak under control, at least relatively speaking, one of the big hallmarks of their success. There Robin was just the mass testing that they conducted on an unprecedented scale, not only to determine who had the virus, but then to determine who they had had contact with to notify the people in there. Thank you so much we're gonna, listen in to the prime minister. Now, let's, let's hear what he has to say for today, some churro giving his daily. They know what coming 1203 it's a feminine or producer men could is expel the something public demo several weeks, that health expert us Canadians to help them slow down the spread of the pandemic, stay home, restrict your traveling and do not meet in great groups. So I'd like to thank all the people who follow the directions, and we must all do our part. We all might make sacrifices to protect not only our health but also other people's health, and this is what people do, and this says it is reassuring, but we have to continue working overtime to keep us safe and keep the country moving. Hospital staff, border agents store clerks, cashiers postal workers, delivery, folks, pharmacists cleaning staff, first responders truck drivers train conductors, and so many others they've been working every day, so we can work from home and practice social distancing. Thank you for being there for us know that all Canadians are grateful for your service. I know that many of you are worried about what might happen next you're wondering how long this is going to laugh and your savings you're worried about your kids not being in school, and we get it. These are uncertain times and families across the country are concerned. That's why this week we took important steps to support Canadians, protect jobs and limit the spread of the virus. We unveiled an 82 billion dollar plan to help people and businesses who've fallen on hard times because of covet 19. As part of this plan, we want to boost the Canada Child Benefit, introduced new benefits to help people who don't qualify for employment insurance and supplement the GST credit amongst many other things. Our government also announced new funding for research and a new strategy to mobilize industry to fight kovat 19. After conversations with our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, I can now confirm that the House of Commons will be recalled on Tuesday at noon. So we can pass emergency legislation that will put our plan into motion. On that note. I want to thank the house leaders for their cooperation and the members of the opposition for their efforts, as we work together to slow the spread of this virus. I know that together we can protect Canadians, save jobs and set the groundwork for our economy to rebound after this crisis the economy. On top of our economic strategy, we have announced new restrictions for traveling and we have temporarily closed our borders to international travelers. We have also made an agreement with the united states to prohibit non-essential movements between our two countries and we are considering encouraging Canadians who are abroad to come home, but many people are in difficulties to find a flight to fly back to Canada, and yesterday announced that our government, who would be working with Canadian airlines for the purpose of making this easier for Canadians to come back home and the first flight from Rocco with Air Canada, has arrived last night and other flights will be added and WestJet has announced that from monday to wednesday, more than 30 flights are planned for the purpose of taking Canadians back home. Air Transat is working at the moment to weigh the world affairs Global Affairs of all. He know in order to plan flights where the airspace is closed and thousands of people might be brought back over the next few days and when there's are spots left on sun wing, the flight is free for people who need it. We've announced so far on the government website at canada, dot, CA and since there's more support coming this week. That's where you'll find all the information you need and to help you deserve a faster in situation. Also crazy, though we're facing an unknown situation without precedent, and if you cannot talk with somebody or if you're abroad, and you cannot find a flight well, this is, of course, created triggering anxiety. I can assure you the whole of our civil service is working for 24/7 to provide you the help that you deserve and from the beginning we told you that would be, who will have your backs and that we told you that the government would spare no effort to support you. We went through several important steps over the last few weeks, but work continues and we won't let you down and you can count on us, helping us slow, the spread of covet 19 to those of you who usually spend your Sundays in a place of worship. Thank you for staying home today. I know it's not easy, but it is deeply appreciated and to all the kids out there. All of a sudden you've heard you can't go on play dates or have sleepovers. Your playgrounds and schools have closed and your March Break was certainly different than what you'd hoped for I get it from my kids as well. They're watching watching a whole lot more movies, but they miss their friends and, at the same time, they're worried about what's going on out there in the world and what no. This is a big change, but we have to do for ourselves, but for our grandparents, our nurses, our doctors and everyone working at our hospitals and you, kids, are helping a lot. The doctors and scientists have been clear that social distancing, which means staying at least 2 meters apart and staying home as much as possible, is the best way to help each other and you're having to wash your hands a lot. So a special thanks to all you, kids. Thank you for helping your parents work from home for sacrificing your usual day for doing math class around the kitchen table and for trusting in science. We're gonna have more to say to you soon so stay tuned. In the meantime, let's make sure we all do our part. Let's fight this together. Yes, people go to the moon, Thank You, everybody I'll be glad to answer your questions live from Radio, Canada CBC on social media. We see tons of pictures with many many people crowding the spaces and they do not seem to be worried about social distancing. So what your message for you, these people and what is the threshold for your government to intervene and and use coercion, answer well to everybody. I'm saying stay home practice, social distancing. This is essential in order to to slow down the spread of the virus and also to help our fellow citizens and also to protect most of all the people who are working in our health systems. Each and everybody has the ability to slow down the spread and to flatten the curve and protect our communities, and we must do it so when making taking steps federally provinces are making the necessary provisions and we do cooperate for the purpose to do whatever is necessary and will be necessary, but in it the Tammi. We wanted to encourage people to stay home and help our country to go through the crisis in English. Please I recognize that millions of Canadians are practicing social distancing are choosing to stay home, are looking for ways to keep two metres apart from each other and taking this very seriously, that's great, because this is a situation in which individual Canadians behaving responsibly will help themselves help their neighbors and mostly protect our healthcare workers. This is something we mean to do together. We are, of course, continuing to work very closely with with all provinces, with different orders of government to make sure that people are understanding what they need to do and doing it. We will continue to look at possible next steps that may become necessary, but for now we are telling people stay home, engage in social, distancing, protect yourselves, protect our system and, let's get through this strongly. As a country buta comas happen near my diffuser patottie, the sir assembly, the Schatzi also fine weather is starting and people are starting to go out. He sent wouldn't be it. Would it be reasonable to use the war measures the emergency measures act in order to have people stay at home, answer I understand the desire, people may have to go out and they may they may go out, but they should keep their distance and they should avoid crowding and they should avoid them meeting in congregations, and we on, as far as we're concerned, are doing her utmost to guarantee people, security and safety and safety and and and we're working with the provinces and if other necessary steps are to be taken, will building them into social distance is not enough. There is mounting evidence of social media pictures of people packing onto beaches in Vancouver, for example. Why not invoke something stricter like the emergencies act? Why not? You know, restrict people's civil liberties to protect health. There are many things that are being done and can being done at the local level of the municipal level and at the provincial level, the federal emergencies. Act is a significant step that can and should be taken when we've exhausted all other steps at other orders of government and the legislation and regulations available to the federal government do not respond or are insufficient to respond to the situation at hand. We continue to work very closely with provinces with other jurisdictions to make sure that they are able to do the things that need to be done, and we will continue to look at if it's necessary to move forward with the emergencies act. Your party took down a public appeal that used the köppen crisis to fundraise for the Liberal Party. Why was that taken down? And what did you do about it? I can't speak for for that decision, I'm. Obviously, this is a situation in which Canadians need to pull together. We need to be there to support each other. We need to make sure we're using all different methods to connect and pass important messages to Canadians on how to stay safe and how to make sure that we are that we are properly protecting ourselves. Our communities and protecting health care workers. I know that everyone needs to use whatever methods of communications they have, but it's not a situation for fundraising, hi. It's Annie, Bergeron Oliver, with CTV national news companies across Canada have said that they're willing and able to retool their production lines and to ramp up production, but they say that they need assurances from the federal government. Will your government guarantee that it will buy supplies like masks and ventilators if companies start preparing them immediately? That is very much part of our industrial strategy that we just announced to get companies across the country to manufacture essential equipment, whether it's ventilators or masks or gowns. We've had already a tremendous positive response from companies. It both creates things that we need in Canada and that will be necessary elsewhere around the, as well as keeping Canadians at work in factories contributing to our economic activity. These are things that we're going to continue to do, and we can assure companies that produce these things, that we need them and we will use them. So is that a yes that companies that are producing them immediately will have their purchases their products purchased and -? Are you considering any incentives to keep people home? We are looking at ways of ensuring that people can stay home by attending AI supports to people who don't normally qualify for them. Income replacements that'll make sure that people don't face a choice between having to go out there and work in order to feed their family and possibly put put their neighbours and themselves at risk. We want to be able to be able to choose home so Brian Mullen at the Global News I have a question about economic aid for Canadians Denmark has a very aggressive plan, paying about 75% of people's salaries, to avoid mass layoffs and let them keep their jobs, encourage them to stay home, basically freezing their economy in the hopes, it'll, eventually thaw out with less damage. In the long run. Did your government consider this option and rule it out? We have not ruled out anything. As I said, we put forward a significant package of 27 billion dollars directly into the economy, to support workers to support small businesses, but that was only the initial phase of what is necessary. We are continuing to talk about next steps. Looking at best practices from around the world looking what other countries and jurisdictions are doing to ensure that our economy remains solid if at a standstill, so that it can pick up again once this crisis is through in a question about personal protective equipment, not just for frontline hospital staff but for other essential workers. Once the virus ramps up, people will burn through it fast. Do we have what we need now? Are you bringing in shipments right now from other countries, including China? We are confident in our capacity to ramp up to provide protective equipment for frontline hospital staff and others who need it. So importantly, this is something that Canada has been working towards for a while. Now we will ensure that the equipment is available for those who need it right across the country good morning, Prime Minister, Trudeau Sean's to look off at The, Globe and Mail I hope your family's doing well as well as can be in the circumstances like every other person in Canada. Just picking up on my colleagues question about freezing the economy, it seems to be a fairly significant move by a number of countries. I, can you share with us your views and your government's views about taking this approach. I've talked this morning to several business leaders, including Goldie, Haider and they're, all concerned that this economy will go into a tailspin and they think it would be better to push money from the government through them to their employees rather than seeing another week of 500,000 or a million Canadians applying to e.I and overwhelming your government's resources to practice to process those applications and then again to fill in more paperwork to apply for their jobs back. Can you tell us a little bit more, maybe go into more detail about your thinking about this approach, because it seems to be the thought leadership. That's that everyone is looking at. In the last couple of days, we've been listening and speaking with business leaders in this country, top employers, small business groups, representatives right across the country to hear their ideas on how to move forward. We've been listening to opposition leaders who are making different suggestions as well. I can tell you that nothing is off the table, but I can also tell you that there is no one measure that is going to be sufficient to get us through this situation. We are going to need to bring in many different measures that have different impacts on employers, on employees, on workers, on families, on vulnerable Canadians, on Canadians of all sorts of different challenges and and and situations in order to be able to hold strong through this time of economic stoppage to have so much activity so that we can then, as we were through this pick up without having lost too much or anything and without too much delay. Yes, it is obvious that the companies that are able to keep people on the pay Rolle longer will find it easier not have to rehire later, and that is certainly something that we are looking at is something we've taken steps already towards with the payroll credit. But there is more to do, and these are the things that we're absolutely looking at. But, like I said, there is no one silver bullet. It is going to be many. Many different measures brought together in the most efficient way that will help us do this, and what guidance can you provide Canadians and employers about how long the current maximum container phase will last before shift gears to a more targeted containment where most people can return to work? Will it be weeks months or several quarters? That is a question for scientists. Obviously, we are taking the best advice from top researchers around the world, we're looking at the track of the spread of the disease in China in places like South Korea, in places like Taiwan and Singapore, looking at the challenges facing Europe and particularly Italy right now, and trying to make sure that we are taking the best possible decisions here in Canada, we know that self isolation and social distancing is going to be extremely important in the coming weeks. We're going to have to maintain it. We also know that testing on a much larger scale is going to be very important, which is why we're testing ramping up the amount of tests done by tens of thousands every single day. We will continue to look to do exactly what we need to do in the time it takes. I wish I wish anyone could give a date at which point this will all be behind us, but that really depends not just on what we do today, but what we keep doing tomorrow and into next week and into next month, and that's why we all need to be working together to get through this as I know, Canadians will thank. You will now go to the phone for a few questions. If you'll have one question in a quick follow-up moderator, thank you messy. The next question is from @ml CEO. The next question is from animal feel your line is open. Looking it play mafia, please go ahead. Ray I've been in what probably one more room should I mean it hello, Prime Minister, to follow up on my colleagues question doctors, business people are asking you for more stringent or even more coercive measures to make sure people stay at home. Why do you believe it is not yet time to order people to stay home and just not to travel to go out. We know that provincially and municipally. There are measures that can be put in place to measure people's movements for the federal government. To take that step. That would you take circumstances where we've really gone beyond anything that can be done by the municipality and by the province, an emergency measure at the federal level to exercise those powers. We are not there yet, but we are watching and monitoring the situation carefully to see if that ever becomes necessary. Thank you, big yawn, Thank You, Brenda Morel. Your line is open. Some chairs real knives, a mohel. Please go ahead good morning. Mr. Toledo, you talked about an airlift for Peru and Spain. When will those flights leave to bring back Canadians who are in those countries? I can assure you that Global Affairs Canada is working directly with governments, not only in Peru and elsewhere, but around the world they're working to ensure that we can land at the airports. We need that we can both land and take off air spaces are closed, so we need authorization and we believe that we will be able to have those flights soon. There are a large number of Canadians waiting for those flights and we're working very hard to bring them home as quickly as we can. It will take some a bit more patience, however. So is this a matter of days or a week? It's a matter of days. We hope. Yesterday, you said also that you we're sorry to say that some Canadians would not be able to come home. What will you say to Canadians who may be stuck in Peru, for example, because they're ill and they can't come home and may have to find care in places that are somewhat less advanced medical facilities that are less advanced? What do you tell their families? First of all, as I said at any given time, 3 million Canadians are outside the country and not everyone will be able to, or will even want to come back what we're telling people who have no choice but to remain where they are to make sure they self isolate. To be very careful, please register on the website at Travel, GC, dot CA. We will do everything we can we're providing funding to help people who have to remain where they are. But this is an unprecedented situation and we don't always have the means to help everyone as much as we would wish, but we will try to help as many people as possible, and that is what Global Affairs Canada is trying to achieve as it works with Airlines and others to bring back as many Canadians as possible. Thank you. Next II, don't I just don't either the last question last question: what thingy to back your line is open David, you might be unmute as well good grief and there I was sending a tweet mocking another colleague, laughing yeah. Okay, you're live now David, so you can ask you a question. You talked about the next week's of social isolation, but penny hide you, your house and mr. major yesterday that we're talking about months, not weeks. Now this is surely the need to keep the economy from freezing over months rather than weeks. Surely means, as my other colleagues of us do, that you're gonna have to boost your your your reaction. The fiscal stimulus plans can have been much bigger than the twenty seven billion we've announced. Yes, as we've said what we announced this past week, twenty seven billion dollars directly into the economy, the fifty five billion in deferred taxes. These are only a very first step. We are looking now at what those next steps are to ensure that our economy is able to pick up against once we're through this, whether it takes weeks or months, it is likely to take months before we're fully through this. That's why supporting directly to Canadians support directly to small businesses, to large businesses, to industry, to various sectors that will be much harder hit. These are things we are busy looking at in order, so that once we move through this, we are able to get back to where we were before as quickly as possible right. Thank you. Effective maneuver, connoisseur screams, I'm off a Lessman bossy. We recognize that what we announced last week, the twenty seven billion in direct support and the five fifty five billion in deferred taxes that is going to help, but that is only a first step we realize we will have to take many other measures, be it direct measures for small businesses, industries, workers sectors. We know that the overall goal is to get through this crisis, this extreme economic slowdown and then revitalize the economy quickly. Afterwards, it's going to be difficult. It is going to require many different solutions and a collective effort, but we will do what we need to do and we will come through this together as Canadians. Thank you. Everyone have a good Sunday you've just heard the Prime Minister, addressing the nation and impressing upon Canadians that they must restrict travel, that they should not meet in groups and that they should maintain social distancing. He admits that this is going to go on for weeks, if not months, let's bring in Michael Couture in Ottawa Mike, it seems, like the provinces, have more power than the federal government when it comes to enforcing this social distancing and social and self isolation, yeah or at least they're willing to use it more readily I mean hearing about nova, scotia, saying no gatherings more than five people and others like you're hearing in Quebec that they, you know, are arresting people who are under quarantine and saying you know you'll now be facing a fine fines as well coming in Nova Scotia, if that, if you ignore the health ministers or the health officials directives, the prime minister clearly in that press conference not willing to go there yet thinking that what will the country look like, and this government has continually said, these are only the first steps. Clearly, the thinking behind the scenes is, we want to go with baby steps here. What do we need to do right now to maintain the economy to maintain public health and then what do we need to do in the next step in Trudeau? Making mention of that saying nothing is off the table. There will be. There will not be one measure that is going to get us out of this I think which is important, that he says it's going to be part of a whole myriad of them and on the last question on the economy, saying yes, of course, this is just the first step, we're thinking about the next economic steps going forward to make sure that we have a plan going forward to get out of this, because that is just as important as weathering the storm. Now is: how will the economy come this didn't he? He mentioned an extreme economic slowdown, didn't say, recession and I. Think that's part of the framing that this government and the communication that this government is being very careful about trying to make sure they don't put people into a panic and I. Think that's why the government has not gone to the Emergencies act, yet it is something that they want to play as their last card. The last time a prime minister did this. It was called the war Measures Act and it was his father Prime Minister Pierre Elliott Trudeau. That was a completely different situation, but at the same time, extremely extreme and Prime Minister Trudeau knows that if he has to play that card, it has to be the last one we can't get there yet at the same time, he was asked during that press conference. What do you think of seeing those images of people in Vancouver and in BC on beaches still gathering, and he tried as much as he could to impress upon them that look, everybody? You are responsible. You are responsible and helping us flatten the curve here and if you don't self I sleep, if you don't limit social interaction and have social distancing, then this is gonna be longer, for everybody also wanted to sort of mention how he did speak and address directly to kids. You know: I've got two kids at home they're having a difficult time as well and understanding you can't go outside. You have to limit your exposure to other people, interesting that the Prime Minister felt it important to mention his own kids and how difficult it has been for them. They've been watching a lot more movies, as he said, but also saying that he thanks them for helping the parents to work from home, possibly doing homework around the kitchen table. You know, while school is either on or not in different parts of the country and saying to them. Look we're gonna get through this, and he also saying he's going to you know address them further. You know in the days to come. Clearly this government is trying to take a whole approach to everyone, understanding the strain that this is putting the entire country through Robin Mike on Tuesday. The house of commons is reconvening. Obviously this is unusual. It's going to be a smaller Corps, a smaller quorum, so to speak, it's 82 billion dollars is. Are you getting any sense from the opposition that they say it's not enough and we need more? Not yet I mean what we're here from Andrews sure he did an interview with Canadian Press and he basically said yeah. This is gonna go through. We may have some suggestions to add to it, but I think you know, as the time goes on, I mean it was all he feels like it was a year ago. Doesn't it, but just a couple of days ago that the Prime Minister and the Minister of Finance Bill Morneau announced these measures. He said you know 82 billion dollars and now we're looking at already the prime minister said more steps, Andrew Shearer saying we're just trying to make sure that we can communicate directly with the government when we think we have concerns that there may be gaps and it sounds like those lines of communications are open. The Prime Minister is saying that his House Leader Pablo Rodriguez is in regular communication with the other leaders from the different parties to make sure that everybody is on board. We expect it to be a short session on Tuesday at noon. You'll have, as you said, a minimum number, the number of of MPs that can come. Who can drive to Ottawa so that actually might mean that the Green Party doesn't have representation in the House, because you consider that two of their members are out and thanked or out in BC, one is out in New Brunswick, so they may not be represented there, but all other parties to work together and pass this and I personally think that it will I'm not going to say rubber stamp, but it will pass because everybody on all sides of the aisle know that this has to get through now and they're not going to be doing any politicking to try and hold it up. They may have suggestions that the government will listen to and make sure that it is bolstered. One issue that I think that is interesting is how do you get the money out the door quickly? Earlier today we talked to foreign affairs minister of housewife, Philip champaing, who was on the West block, which would be aired later on tonight, and we asked him about that. How do you get the money out the door quickly, because a lot of Canadians are sitting at home? Saying I'm not getting a paycheck right now and I have to buy groceries right now. So when we asked him, what are the mechanisms that you can use and you can the leavers, you can pull on to get it out the door. He said. Look behind the scenes, we're working very hard, but it's difficult because it is a big machine. Have a listen. We need to find the way, the mechanism which is fair, quick and appropriate. You know because we need to have speed and resiliency in that, so we need to balance these things to make sure that what we do is fair, but also it's fast and it's resilient Mike. What else did the the foreign affairs minister say this morning? Well, he was talking a lot about the difficulties that they're having and I know earlier in our broadcast. Mike Armstrong was talking about this as well in trying to coordinate all of the repatriation flights. There are Canadians who might be watching this abroad and saying I'm stuck I need help, while global affairs Canada is doing their best to try and get flights. Their prime minister had mentioned it as well in his address that they're trying to get to every Canadian. They admit that they may not be able to get to everybody, because you have to consider that there's restricted airspace that you have different protocols. Think about this for a second, the flight crew that lands in whatever country they're going to they have to make sure that they meet all of the criteria of that country. So does that mean that, because they are foreign that they're coming in to Peru, for instance, that they have to self isolate for 14 days? Well, the Minister of Foreign Affairs has to get on the phone to his counterpart in Peru and say: can you make sure that this flight crew is exempt from that? There are also other issues in terms of flight crews that they have to rest will they have to stay over in Peru once they land and get people out? It's not as simple as flying down and flying back. There are so many things behind the scenes that need to be worked out. Negotiating with these other governments to make sure that you can get those Canadians to the airport if, in other places as possible, Philip shan-pak mentioned, is there martial law going on in one of these jurisdictions? And how do you get Canadians through there think about what happened in Wuhan China, where they had to send special releases special notes to the Canadians, so they could get through checkpoints to get to the airport. I know it sounds. It feels like it was years ago, but there's only a few weeks ago that the government of Canada's biggest concern was getting Canadians out of Wuhan China and out of Yokohama Japan to get them off of cruise ships. Similar type of negotiations have to happen, but it's across the globe. Now. Francois field of shopping also mentioned to us that they're making deals and negotiating with London England to make sure that the airspace continues to stay open, make that almost a bit of a hub so that Canadians can get to London, then that they can definitely get home and make sure that whoever needs to get home knows and that's the other thing. This government has tried to underscore register on the government on the Canadian website, I believe it's travel GCA so that they know where you are and that they can come get you if they can all right, Mikey Mike thanks so much for that. As we mentioned earlier, all provinces are now under a state of emergency nova. Scotia was the last province to make such a declaration. It went into effect this morning. Premier Stephen McNeil is taking drastic steps to prevent the spread of kovin 19 restricting gatherings of more than five people. Non-Essential businesses will be closed. Businesses and individuals will face fines for violating self-isolation orders starting immediately. Police can now issue tickets for breaching the chief public health officers orders mainly around social distancing. Currently, fines are set at $1,000 per individual per day. The fined is 7,500 for businesses. The province is also tightening controls at provincial borders and ordering anyone who has travelled outside the province to self isolate for 14 days. If you are coming into our province, you'll be stopped at every entry point questioned and told to self isolate for those who are not essential service and want to enter our province for social purposes. Please stay home. Let's go to our Mike Armstrong in Montreal Mike. We heard about Nova Scotia state of emergency. Can you take us through some of the measures that are being taken across the country to stop the transmission of copán 19 yeah? It's a slightly different everywhere. You go but very much pretty much in the same vein, but every every single province now has that some sort of a declaration of a state of emergency or a public health emergency. Some cities have done the same here in Quebec, for example. As of yesterday, there is a ban on all public gatherings which sounds pretty extreme, but that's inside that's all gatherings. If you're outside you can have some gatherings as long as you can respect the five excuse me, the 2-meter social distancing rules exempt at this point, our workplaces and public spaces, where some sort of a good is being obtained so stores, for example, things like that. But it is really changing the way the government is treating people. For example, Friday there was a woman in Quebec City or the Quebec City area, who was called by health officials to be told she was, she had tested positive. She made it clear to them that she wasn't going to stay home. They then called police police went to the home, didn't find her. They found her outside the home. She was then arrested and ordered into hospital. So shows you how things are getting tighter, Northwest Territories, also as of this weekend, blocking or limiting travel to the territory all but essential. Travelers can go through so that closing a provincial border. So that's something that the province. Excuse me. The federal government has said it's considering, but it doesn't want to do and the reason really is limiting travel will have an impact on probably more people than you want to. So the government is trying to make sure that we we do limit transmission, but that we also make sure the country keeps running the Health Minister said yesterday. You know we don't want to do more harm, we're trying to help here. Mike, it seems like the power is in public health officials, not necessarily the federal government. It's a patchwork. It doesn't seem to have any consistency. You could argue that, but the federal government, as Mike was saying, doesn't want to sort of bring the hammer down with that. That last thing that it still has in its back pocket. The Emergencies acted trying not to do that, but everybody's involved with this even municipalities, for example, the mayor of Brampton Ontario, put out a tweet this morning talking about how a clerk at a petrol, Canada, Tim Hortons, has tested positive and asking everyone who's been there for gas or coffee or supplies recently to self isolate for 14 days. So I would argue everybody. Every level of government really is involved in this in the way that they can make a difference. Robin all right, Mike Armstrong in Montreal. Let's return to our Jeff sample in Toronto Jeff, the Prime Minister is talking about the health crisis, putting in a tremendous strain on hospitals and medical workers. Can you talk about what's being done to make sure the people on the front lines have the resources they need? Well, in the last few minutes, Robin we've actually received a release from the union representing nurses in the province of Ontario, revealing that dozens of its members, dozens of nurses, were exposed to a patient who had kovat 19 in Kitchener Ontario. That patient was reportedly admitted to the emergency. Ward of a hospital in Kitchener was screened, flute for influenza, the standard, seasonal flu, but was not tested for kovat 19 and, as a result, the union says the dozens of nurses were exposed to that patient and did not have the proper respiratory masks the n95 that the union says nurse is required to ensure that they are not infected. So just another example, and we've heard so many of them now where health officials on the frontlines are warning that they don't have the equipment they need to protect themselves. Now you heard Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau they're, saying that he's confident that the country, the Canada, does have the capacity and will be able to ramp up capacity as needed. The Prime Minister sounding confident, but certainly health officials here on the front lines, not sounding confident sounding panicked and warning that we are quickly approaching a crisis point here, that they don't have the supplies they need, whether it be ventilators or PPS, and that this storyline could become much more prominent in it later this week. Robin. What's the reaction been to Ontario's emergency plan there well, Ontario's emergency plan is one of the strongest we've seen thus far across the country. Police now have the power to issue fines and against individuals, but also against core operation, significant ones reaching into the tens of thousands of dollars for corporations that you know either refused to shut down, in the case of a restaurant, for example, or allow employees to gather in groups of 50 or more so, Ontario leading the way. In that regard- and you know we says, we've noted now seeing the province of Nova Scotia, taking a similar measure of the premier they're sounding very frustrated. They can now issue fines as well. Similarly, in Saskatchewan as Mike Armstrong noted police in Quebec arrested a woman last week who was infected with the disease but was still out and about do running errands and we've seen internationally as well robbing a number of countries, including democracies such as South Korea, taking these draconian measures, monitoring, CCTV and bank records, for example, to make sure that patients are self isolating as instructed in Hong Kong. We've seen patients they're wearing those trackable bracelets that allow officials to ensure that their movements are tracked and that they stay in self-isolation in Israel. The government they're reportedly monitoring cell phone data to try and keep people where they are. Obviously the government here in Canada nowhere near implementing any measures like that and, in fact, still reluctant to implement the Emergencies act, as we've heard they're following in the example that we've seen from a number of provinces, including right here in Ontario Jeff earlier, you were talking about a doctor and his petition calling for more personal protective equipment. Tell us about that again: yeah! That's right! So Anam frontline emergency room worker here a doctor here at Michael Guerin Hospital in Toronto, is going to be putting out an official call, a press release to the public later today asking people to donate any unused protective equipment, unused, unexpired masks or surgical masks and 95 respirators goggles gowns vinyl, gloves anything. That's unused unexpired asking them to bring those items to their local hospitals here and sort of a PPE. Dr similar to you know, a food drive that we'd used to see so he's going to be asking people to to make those donations drop them off at their local hospital starting tomorrow and they're now organizing quickly to try and get ready to make sure they're able to receive them all right, Jeff sample in Toronto. Before we leave. We want to give you a quick look at what Prime Minister Justin Trudeau just announced in his nationwide address, and we can't reiterate the words of the Prime Minister and health officials across the country enough stay home to limit the spread of the new coronavirus. We know you have lots of questions about this virus and Jeff sample, we'll continue to consult with experts and try to answer them. You can email your questions at your questions, at global news, dot CA and on our website you'll find a special page dedicated entirely to the new corona virus. That's at global news, dot, CA / corona virus. We also want to mention that Global News will air a primetime special on the corona virus crisis. That's Monday night right here on Global TV. In the meantime, you can find full details from the Prime Minister's announcement on global news, dot, CA and tonight on global national I'm, Robin Gill. Thank you so much for watching. We will continue to have developments on the new corona virus current crisis and we'll continue to report them on your local stations as well as on global national. We return you now to regularly scheduled programming. This has been a special report from Global News, okay well good afternoon. Everyone good afternoon, Canada Lots changes every day and it's extremely hard for people to keep up with the volume of information they're getting from all levels of government. One way to ensure that you have information that you need is to visit the can see a backslash coronavirus website. This website has been growing as we've been evolving and as measures have been evolving, it's a great place to get to up-to-date information and credible information. It's seen an incredible traffic increase with thirty seven point, two million visits since its launch on January 16th, and we continue to update it with the latest information, including the self-assessment tool that we added yesterday, we've seen. 280,000 Canadians use this tool since it was launched twelve hours ago. So you can see that this is a highly demanded information that Canadians are looking for if you're feeling, unwell or you're unsure I encourage you to answer a series of questions on the site to determine whether you need further testing or medical attention on continuing education implement in full of Canadians Canada. A coastal apothecary yesterday with a daily show at the terminal just cause a cell on the tongue so that people in Quahog shall salute. It is a new boost on tape, a B and C. Well, we're also working on making more mental health supports accessible online, and we will have new tools up as soon as next week. Our mental health is difficult to maintain, with the enormous disruptions that we're seeing in our lives and we're all searching for ways to hold on to routine and to each other, if you were alone reach out by phone or online to friends and family and find new ways that you can do things together. Using technology share a meal with friends or family who are, apart from you using a social media platform that allows you to see each other and try to spend time outdoors each day. Social distancing doesn't mean that we have to stay inside, but while you're doing that give people their space stay six feet away from others and as always, be kind. There are people in every community who are struggling and they need our help more than ever reach out to them. Even a small gesture, a text or call makes a difference. Now, more than ever, we need to stay connected, and thankfully we have tools that can help. Thank you very much today, we'll hear from dr. new on a situational update and then from pablo rodriguez minister Rodriguez on the House of Commons reconvening next week, dr. noon good day, long Joe globally, there are over three hundred eighteen thousand cases of kovat 19 in over 185 countries in Canada. As of this moment, there are 1388 cases of kovat, 19 and 19 deaths. We have tested over 92,000 people across the provinces and territories. That's over 54,000 additional people tested across Canada over the past five days. Looking back at the week behind us, there have been several signals of concern. We have seen steep increases in case counts cases among healthcare professionals and in vulnerable people in high-risk settings like long-term care facilities, tragically, including several deaths accordian a cement. The next application affected tech, - yeah, the distance, the association under lease in IndyCar -. No sir, we see it in music I, see delicate, is before the test I believe a thicker qnt EVT. We can you serve on County necessary to constitute yourself a better economy. Identity. Pe can be a madam use, your own plastic to cure me. Yes see or talk, rapid mouth look yeah, let their guard down when you Devon la escoba. We must continue, on cetera and with a novice caps on continue. We're delivering air deliver casts the max returns. The exterior do Canada March booth come on takuma Adam, Ariela Mesa, yes, Auto, Israel, Christian, risk, eleve, kuzava and caboose is exposing I'll appreciate. If you don't function to address sea booze Esch my lad. If you see the contact epic lizard come on bruh. The vodka semi contact with the coming days analyse the biggest challenges will be the maintain or resolve in practicing social distancing. While we wait to see the signs that our efforts are having an effect, prevention is hard work. It takes time to see results and we can't count the cases we prevent it. But we know it must be done. We've seen the devastating effect of this pandemic on countries who have waited too long or let down their guard too soon. So we must see this through. As many people continue to come back from March Break travel outside of Canada. You have to stay home and self, isolate due to the increased risk that you have been exposed to covet 19 and could spread the infection to others. Furthermore, if you are sick, that means avoiding contact with other family members. These days and weeks for some have been challenging. We're in the early days into this difficult effort is still too soon to say how much we have affected their trajectory of kovat 19 in Canada, but as Canadians we will band together and get through this time together. Let's keep up the momentum. Let's get this right. We owe to ourselves our families, friends and neighbors nexi. Thank you. Doctor new and I will turn to minister Rodriguez mojo artists. More than a week ago, members of the House of Commons joined together to do the right thing and adjoin proceedings under until April 20, whoever we all knew there was a chance that some of us would have to come back for a recall of the house, and since then our government has taken strong and quick actions to respond to covet 19. Today, I wrote to the Speaker of the House requesting that he recalled the house on Tuesday March 24th at noon, which he accepted. The purpose of the brief recall is so that the government can introduce you station to bring in emergency economic measures to support businesses in response to the Canadians are living through an unprecedented crisis that requires swift action by their federal government to ensure that they received a financial support. They urgently need, as you know, as I've, been in discussions with my counterparts from from all opposition parties in recent days. About this recall, there were good conversations, lots of collaboration we are working together in the best interests of Canadians and I want to thank them for their collaboration, Mercia to a party Lucien opposition party repelled a sham, but the new, deep, tila persecuted. The bad notice, also join support. So here's a plan for what is gonna happen on Tuesday. First, there is agreement between all parties that the house said. For only one day, we have all agreed that it's important to have a small number of MPs in the chamber. Our public health officials are reminding us in all Canadians about the importance of importance of social distancing. So we agree that, in addition to the speaker, there will be 32 MPs in the chamber. The numbers will reflect the proportion of MPs from all the parties. As we all know, we are in an emergency and Kenyans need help quickly, and this is a fact on a Giroux, Danny, Daniel and happy and I would like to thank your position for the collaboration and say once again that we will face this crisis together as Canadians and we will get through this together. Thank you very much. Paulo, okay, you know the drill one question: one follow-up: Rachel hands: T te si T V. Ah, my first question is for Minister hi. Do when did you first know and first briefed about the coronavirus threat, even when it started in China uh? It would be hard for me to precisely give you a date. I can check back and we can give you a date on the first briefing, but it was extremely early. January I would say probably around the 10th or so that I was I. Had I had returned from my own vacation and I was briefed at that time that dr. Tam had been observing a cluster of very unusual activity in Wuhan and was quite concerned about what that might represent in terms of future developments and dr. new. There have been a number of concerns about the backlog of result and the cases of community spread, even here in Ottawa, the public health officer saying that there could be number up to a thousand people who are infected right now. How many people right now do, you believe, are infected with Koba 19? It's a difficult question: I really can't speculate a conjecture. We do know that our best efforts are being put forward at all levels of government, the federal government, provincial and local, to make sure we get testing available. I have access to as many people as possible because we want to actually have the most accurate picture of what's happening in our communities. So at this point it I don't think it's it's it's a useful to speculating how many people might be having covert 19 well, based our results and the way for it on the test results and then put our best foot for in terms of the public health factors that need to follow hello, I'm, Richard, lui I can I can take a shot at answering that as well, and we, we are not only obviously watching the numbers of new cases, but the numbers of deaths and where those deaths have occurred and in what context they've occurred. So, for example, we know that I think nine of the death that we have I think it's nine occurred in one single nursing home in in the Vancouver area. That is important to understand, because it isn't that we're seeing deaths accelerate in an emergency room. It's not to say that we won't and that's what we're trying to work so hard to prevent. So when dr. new is saying it's hard to speculate, it's because the the data is different depending on you, where we are and the measures that we're taking will actually influence the. What dr. Tam is called the attack rate, how many people will actually get sick? Maybe I can just add to that that we're pulling out all the stops at all levels of govern, - in terms of testing technologies, getting access to more test kits and so on. So certainly at the present time you you indicate there might be a backlog or working to deal with that. Well, not listening to your advice about social distance, iation police has to intervene. We see pictures on the social media, people filling up parks, don't really seem to care. What's your message to these people I'm sure the guys who actually kitchen law class a pretty strong words yesterday and I would stand by those words. I would say that people need to take this seriously, that various different levels of government have various different quarantine acts and measures. What that could include up to and including financial monetary penalties and in some cases, arrests and provinces and territories, and the federal government will be using the tools that they have to ensure that people comply. What we would like to see obviously, is Canadians to comply willingly in the spirit of generosity towards their citizens. We understand this is hard for people to understand who are in an area where maybe they don't have even one case yet, but people need to understand that the what protects them from having one case is the behaviorists are choosing today so I mentioned walking outside and you mentioned being outside and in various different settings. We're not saying that people shouldn't go outside unless they are symptomatic. If people are symptomatic, they have to stay in their house and stay in the room and not interact with other healthy people are asymptomatic people. That is all cases all the time. There is no exceptions if people are not symptomatic and are feeling fine, it is safe to go outside, but even then they should be practicing. Maybe we should be calling it physical, distancing, staying six feet away from people, making sure that you're not crowding people on you know, I heard reports of people walking on the seawall, for example in Vancouver less yesterday, but I think every every region and every province is having examples of this. This is very serious and just because you're not feeling the illness or you don't have necessarily in your community even one case. What we're trying to do so diligently together at all levels of government, is prevent this disease from spreading towards other communities, and everybody has a part to play in that. So you know I will reiterate what I said. It is essential that people are following the advice of Public Health and the advice is getting stronger and stronger, and with that stronger advice will be coming. My request in the minutes- and we just talked about the fact that there could be stricter penalties at a federal level and right now there's to be a patchwork across all the provinces. Today, for example, notice going out seeing stricter penalties there. What is it going to take at? What point are we gonna see more severe penalties in a federal level, and what would that look like well? I already have at my disposal the quarantine act and we're looking at a number of ways that we can make sure that we have stringent requirements of the quarantine act for people who are returning to Canada, for example, from Spring Break or the snowboards that are returning. Let me be perfectly clear: we will use every measure in our toolbox at the federal level to ensure compliance. This is of utmost importance and I will speak directly to those people who are returning to Canada from March break or the snowboards who are coming back when we say that you must stay at home for 14 days. That means you stay at home for 14 days. You do not stop for groceries that you do not go visit. Your neighbors or your friends that you rest in your house for 14 days, no exceptions. If you are returning to a household with other people who have not traveled, then you rest in isolation from those other people. You stay in your room or in a basement or in an isolated area away from the other people in your family. It is critically important, especially for those returning home now to ensure that they follow this public health advice that we're giving them and the advice will be not just advice. If we, if we, if we need to take stronger measures, we will Pacific you've talked about. You know how you're going to make it Cris more crystal clear for people getting off cruise ships and, like you said, the snowbirds coming back, I think it's important for them to know what could be coming if they don't take. Take these measures like what specifically, are you talking about here under the federal quarantine act, which has jurisdiction over international borders and travel and not necessarily interprovincial travel? We have measures that could include monetary penalties up to an including criminal penalties. Ok, we'll switch to the phone Thank You Nancy, please press star 1 at this time you several questions yep, yes, sir, it's well I might not put it in jest. Oh there will be a brief pause or the participant logistical questions. Video -, if they met on tonight, I, feel a pound put up a register. Thank you for your patience. Mess it up a copy. We have the first question from Kristen Dobie, that's Oprah, vacuous I, know Kristin Dobie from The Globe and Mail hi good afternoon, Minister Rodriguez. Could you comment on how the government is reorienting resources if at all, to deal with the surge in AI applications will be explained during the debate on Tuesday and, of course, things that will be explained in the bill that I cannot talk about at this moment. The the Prime Minister was asked about this that at the press conference this morning, but wondering if you can speak at all to other steps. The government is considering in response to two wage pressures that the businesses are facing. Well, I mean, as you saw with the measures that we presented last week. Our are touching everybody alkanes, where we said very clearly. We don't want to leave anybody behind where we have measures to to help people that have access to the eyes to measures, but people that all have access to a I measures for people that have to to same home because a sacred they have to take care of somebody as well as measures for for small businesses, so where this is a first face and and we've been very clear, this is a first face to stabilize a situation. It's not even you know, starting to relaunch the economy, that's kind of come after and I, and we think that these are necessary and very inclusive steps to help all really poor urgently could come from Montreal or Toronto by car. Thank you. When expression is from Harley weeks, the Harley weeks from the Google mill hi. Thank you. We've heard a lot of concerns from various provinces, about the backlog in tests and shortages of materials. Just learning dr. new. Perhaps you can address this from your perspective. What are the primary challenges with testing shortages? And how soon are they going to be addressed? A result among the public health community in Canada and obviously a special Advisory Committee, of which dr. tamanna myself were part of that's a very alive issue, we're having active discussions. We recognize that, obviously there's a global challenge in terms of getting the supplies, materials, the testing kits and so on, but we're putting our best efforts forward. I'm aware that we are in the process of acquiring additional testing kits we're also looking at the new testing technologies, we've just obviously I think Minister, you know, approved a sort of a regulatory wiser, different testing technologies that we're also looking to validate as soon as possible, and that would also add to the toolbox that the provinces and Tories territories can use and obviously in their jurisdictions. So I can just assure you that we're pulling out all the stops. Looking at all the possible things that we couldn't should be doing to assure that Canadians have access to testing uh. We recognize that's the most important thing we need to do in terms of public health, action and I'll. Just add. I want I want to thank all the lab workers who are working all across the country to try and find innovative ways to speed up the processing of tests. Various labs have various different turnaround times at the National Lab. The turnaround time is only 24 hours and the lab workers are working full stop to try and process the many. The many tests that were receiving through the National Lab, but part of the challenge is also the logistics of transportation, which we also are working on a solution for so it's a it's as dr. new said, a very live issue and a lot of extremely wise people working on all of the various snags and the logistics to speed up our testing capacity. Okay, thank you for that. In addition, some number of infectious disease experts have raised concerns with the response in Ontario, specifically singling out the province for its a very large backlog. Now more than 8,000 test results are taking up to a week. In some cases to come back and officials there have resisted telling people that there is widespread community transmission of the virus, even though their own numbers show about 40% of cases are now the result of community transmission. I'm wondering if you can please just tell me perhaps dr. new and Minister hi. Do you want to comment as well? You know about some of these regional disparities that we're seeing and how you're going to address those there's a number of people who are concerned well. Thank you very much and the special advisory committee that dr. Tam and dr. new work, through with their counterparts at the provincial level, are having that conversation today, as a matter of fact how we have some uniform standards around, not just testing but surveillance and data provision all across the country in terms of and including up to an including public health advice and messaging. This is an area that we're watching very closely over the next couple days and we have no hesitation to step in if we need to to provide stronger guidance and stronger measures to bring some uniformity across the country. We know that various provinces have various problems and and and challenges, but also as since strengths, and what we're trying to do is make sure that, as we go into the next week, we have a much more unified approach across the country. Okay, that's question: Thank You Massie. Our next question is from Daniel Boone to Canada my questions. Prime Minister I do Minister idea. You've mentioned the possibility of criminal penalty is earlier and fine that your disposal under the quarantine Act it could be more specific on what type of penalty is the amount of the fund? And can you can you tell me when in your head, you think something like the emergency measure? Act becomes a tool that you need becomes a necessary tool and well, first of all, I don't have the specific information on the quantum of penalties in terms of a monetary approach. We'll get you that information for your article in terms of whether or not we're thinking about the emergencies, measures, Act I, believe the Prime Minister was asked this a number of days ago, and he said that all tools are on the table that we will consider all measures necessary in order to actually get to that point. That I just made to the previous questioner around uniformity and Canadians being able to expect the same level of attention service and and detail no matter where they live, and so again the best way to do this is with provincial and territorial collaboration. Dr. Tam is meeting today with a special Advisory, Committee I know those conversations are happening through the Deputy Prime Minister's Office as well, but listen. We will not hesitate to take stronger measures should we need to in order to make two things absolutely crystal clear across this country, one to keep Canadians health and safety at the forefront and two to figure out a long-term strategy to get us out of this situation. Did you want to add a French follow no follow so three months. No! No! No! Sorry guys! Queso por vous avez I'm Alison Priscilla over at the federal level to enforce that next leap when I kiss Josh, but probably some other money, houma money shot coming coming, let's and the agents on to pubic to the job memo. Let's don't need Amir. Of course, a home minister. The public adopters to DD shows the distance sociology degree self-efficacy. The na-neun discuss, yonder yeah pray over Johnny de consejo meniscus community minister and the minister for their consideration. The iconic state I'm gonna, ask my next question to a minister: I do in English, obviously vocabularies very important and times of crisis, and the prime minister said he's asking Canadians to stay home intimating at social distance I want to know. Are you asking or recommending or or you ordering Canadians to stay home or stay at a social distance, asking them and recommending them and I am hoping that we don't have to get to ordering them all right next question. Thank you. Our next question is from Sharon and querque my question: jess.joy - ina Kirky from the National Post hi thanks so much mr. Hatcher. You you've mentioned several times now and any vanassa's skill. You know you're prepared to use every measure in your toolbox to ensure compliance. What exactly for you would be the tipping point for stronger measures, I think the work that dr. Tam and dr. new are doing along with the Deputy Prime Minister with the various premiers of the provinces and territories, is very important right now. This is I think for me a critical point in the way that we're dealing with kovat, 19 and I. Think for me, should we not be able to get consensus that would indicate to us that we need stronger measures and so the work that they are doing right now with provinces and territories around trying to align our actions with public health evidence with the with the goals, as I said earlier, of keeping people healthy, keeping people out of the hospital, but also finding a way out. That include includes a robust testing strategy based on the best science and evidence that we have looking at ways that we can make sure that provinces and territories have what they need in a surge. Those are all very important conversations and I hope that they are successful because I think for me, should we see a reluctance on behalf of the country to pull together that that would be a time where we would require additional measures and sorry, my follow-ups, there's sort of this small but growing chorus from contrarians who are calling overkill. They're saying that the data collected so far on how many people are infected and how the epidemic is evolving. Some are saying our quote: utterly unreliable. The former chief medical officer of Health for Ontario this morning actually sort of acted with those calls and said that what we're taking our steps that are really unnecessary and what we should be doing is, for example, isolating seniors, anyone to say 50 or 60 and older, and allowing younger people to sort of continue on their ways. Could I get your response to those concerns? Oh I'll start and then I'll turn it over to dr. new for the science. But I will say that it is not anecdotal evidence that we are using to make our decisions. It is science and it is details from other countries, and it is reports from people like I've mentioned before the Minister of Health from Italy, who is in the crisis of obviously their country's lifetime, with hospitals that are now making decisions about who will live and die based on kinds of metrics that we can't even imagine in Canada. It is the reports from New, York, physicians and emergency rooms, who are saying it is not just old people that need to be severely and medically supported that there are a high degree of young middle aged working aged people that are requiring significant medical interventions to get through this crisis. So I would say that we have some of the best scientists in the world in in our government, we're very fortunate to have two of them with us here at the federal level, dr. new and dr. Tam. We have been increasingly alarmed as we've watched this sweep around the globe and I would say that it is our obligation as politicians, to take this seriously and listen to our scientists, so with I will turn to dr. nail. I just have an additional comment. Certainly, we live in a free and democratic society and everyone's entitled to their opinion, but all I can say is that the overwhelming majority of the public health community, our colleagues, are working right now and the health care community we're all in the same page. This is a serious issue. We need to deal with it right now. Okay, the last question. Thank you. Once again, please press star-1 is ever questioned and the wound is deep. Bad. It was reported in our next question is from David Lundgren from the voters. Ottawa yes good afternoon. I have a question dr. new, but I will admit right away that this is a question for one of medical ignorant. I gather the Canadian tests, you you apply a swab and then you have to go and analyze the nasal secretions, and this can take several days for a result to come back I'm seeing mentioned in media elsewhere of other countries who have supposedly put together test to give results in a matter of hours. Is that the case? Am I confusing two different procedures here? No and you've had it right on the head, the tests that were using right now in Canada, obviously based on having the genetic sequences, what we call a PCR based test, it does involve a he said, with a swab and then sending it for a result. The turnaround time is a minister haider has said this at in our national microbiology laboratory. It takes a one-day about 24 hours. Having said that, certainly were aware of other testing technologies. I think we've mentioned that we have a you know, had regulatory approval for these new testing technologies, which can give results a quicker in a matter of hours instead of a day or so, and so certainly we're looking to acquire these new types of testing kits and to obviously roll it out across the country as soon as possible, and when you noted a jump in the number of tests you've done over the last 24 hours, but is that number of tests you've done? Or did you actually get results from the samples you took? These are test results, so I think that's also quite remarkable in terms of the fact that, as I just mentioned, that top we've done over 92,000 of people have been tested across the country, and you know even in over the last five days. That's you know, that's more than 10,000 test results per day and so I think it's a I think it shows that we're reaching contains contains, have access to the testing and, for the most part, the good results, because you look at it. Obviously we have, you know 1388 positive results so far, but that also we do the math subtract that from ninety two thousand, that's quite a number of negative tests. Okay, that's it! Thank you very much.