I just started building crosses as a way to show other people that I'm sharing your pain. I know what you've gone through even more so, but you you can't let hate of somebody killing your friend become because then you become that bad person sooner or later. So my message is simply start by loving yourself and everybody else will love you, because if you don't love yourself, you're gonna become that gunman someday and it's you know, you may think it's political and they can stop it. You can't stop it's impossible, it's just you know either copycats or anger. You've got 20 crosses here today. Presumably I brought 20 down here today. How many crosses have you built since you've been doing this I built 26 thousand eight hundred and ten to date, they're not built until they have a name on them? What does that tell you about where America is at that you've built 26,000 crosses? You know, you know I'm from Chicago and I. Don't know you know we have. We have 580 homicides last year in Chicago and but you know in all in all homicides have gone down in America, but we're looking at the big deals. So the year I got married in Chicago we had a 921. Homicides were at 520, we've come down, and it's just that uh when I think of the numbers here, I can't think of that you know I. Think of the people, I, don't think of the numbers. You know, and you know I don't know if you've seen any of my notebooks I have 75 notebooks full of this and what I end up getting is all the phone numbers and you got to ask another question: what is it like for you to come to an event like this, where you've you've had 20 lives lost in an instant it's like a day in hell, so you know I just want everybody to know that this doesn't define you. Why do you keep doing this? Keep getting asked more and more to do it I, don't see how I could deny somebody that asks me when I've done it for everybody else. You know I'm sure you understand I, do it for Muslims I, do it for the Squirrel Hill in Pennsylvania, that's that they send a god. I do if the see Ikes I do it for the atheists I, do it for anybody that asks so I guess: I got myself in a position where I don't see it as bad anymore. I see it as I'm helping. You know in a way that nobody else could possibly do it, because not just that, because I've done it everywhere else. It's it's like they're. Looking for me to do this, not you know if somebody else went copied it, it doesn't wouldn't have the same, meaning of course, and of course you understand, driving here, 1,500 mile driving here since Saturday all day sunday showing up here, 4 a.m. and not sleeping, that's part of the message. You know that, oh no, no, we're I got people coming in from Vermont in Florida today and in Vegas and LA and I got comfort dogs that are flying in. If you know them my routine I'm the front guy and I give them something to go to and a place where we can all meet and and show each other were it's. It's love, that's kind of winter. How many of these mass shooting events just like this one? Have you been to now I've been to all of them just as I sneaked in and out. You know, I understand that when I went to parkland Florida they didn't figure it out until the anniversary and the day after you know, go figure, you know, I'm, pretty you know in and out you know, I did that in Newtown, I snuck in and out I did that in Boston. It's not a you know so I've been there way too many shootings anyway, - Minnie. Do you ever think you'll reach a point where you don't need to do this anymore? You know, don't be silly. This is cancer, it's I'm gonna be doing this. Don't don't don't don't give us false hope, I'm being realistic, I'm, sorry to say that I'm scared to wake up tomorrow morning. So are you.