As a witness that they stand together with those two families, who've lost their loved ones and the 13 incredible survivors of gunshots, there are hundreds of witnesses also who were traumatized as they ran for cover, fearing the worst. Who would have imagined that the dynamic exciting summer night on the damn floor would be lit up with emergency lights, and the wonderful music of joy would be drowned out with the sound of siren, the sirens of emergency vehicles tonight, one year later, our hearts are heavy, but our love is strong and our determination to overcome is powerful. Tonight we take back the night and on and on the danforth, with the power of hope and the light and the resolve of peace tonight new sounds will penetrate our hearts, our minds and our memories. The sounds of church bells tonight and in the days and years to come, we will remember them. Our great city is strong in its diversity, steadfast in its determination to continue to make Toronto an incredible place to live in peace and harmony as we simply support each other, as we share an encouraging word, give a hug or offer a prayer. These deep words will impact the lives who have been hurt, so many will begin to heal. The scars on the bodies will heal heal before the memories, but those scars also will heal, even though they take a bit longer tonight. We acknowledge that we are on the traditional territory of many First Nations, including the Mississauga's of the credit yeah, an initial effect and simple wah in the hootenanny. She me and the wind up people's and is now home of many diverse First, Nations, Inuit and métis people's. We also acknowledge that trauma was covered by the treaty. Thirteen signed with the Mississauga's of the credit and the Williams treaties signed with multiple Mississauga's and Chippewa bands. I am Walter Kelly, one of the chaplains for the Toronto paramedic services. Tonight we are here to express our love, our support and our sense of community to the families of those who are lost to those who are injured and to those who witnessed unspeakable violence. Thank you for being here. Your presence makes the difference. We help one another to remember and we help one another to heal. We remember the victims and think of all those who live with memories of that night. Such a cowardly act pales against the strength, spirit and community that has been displayed since then, and again this evening, I will surely read the names of those whose lives were lost in this tragedy. The bells of st. Barnabas on the Danforth anniken church will chime to commemorate the ages of the two young girls who were taken from their family and their friends. That night we remember, we follow 8:18, Juliana and causes age 10. Let us pause to remember them. Let us pray as we listen to the bells toll their ages. I, don't think any of us will remember those few and will forget those few moments with those bells ringing and it trust it will be a good memory for the two families that lost two wonderful children tonight. We also want to remember and think of those who are injured. I have no idea of any or all of them are here tonight, but 13 people were their lives were changed. The impact of what happened to them will live on for many many years tonight. We also want to think of them and we want to bless their families, as we remember them, and those who witnessed this horrible event, but to those and and those who were injured. We want to name if they're near you or if you know who they are put your arm around them courage them you bless them. We think of Ally Danielle, Dempsey, darling, yummy, yummy, lima, Melissa, merienda, Nikita, Nikolas, Samantha and Samantha's. If you were there here in the crowd, we know that, for some of you, the road of head ahead is difficult, but you can see that around you. There are people who love you and care about you Oh. Please did you like that yeah I was hoping I could invite you to hold hands while they sang it, but you'll have to hold hands as you leave tonight. Thank you, dear members of the interfaith choir form for this, from the commemoration from the faith community on the Danforth laid by Hilary Donaldson, and if you were here for the preload, they say quite a number of songs before and I think we should give them a wonderful warm hand for their effort. They begin to support employment so Hilary may we continue to support Reis and Juliana families and those who have been injured. We pause and thank those strangers friends and neighbors who did all they could to help the injured we give thanks for the first responders, who were unseen, helping those in need. We pray a special blessing for the dispatchers who took those early calls that greatly impacted them as well. Are we not also so thankful for the emergency staff of the trauma centers, the doctors and nurses, who brought healing and help to the injured? We pray for those who still need special rehab therapy and perhaps those who need special counseling, Nelson Mandela wrote what counts in life is not the mere fact that we have lived. It is what difference we have made to the lives of others. That will be will be determined the significance of the life we need. If you head of candles and would like to light them, you can light your candles and remember that no amount of darkness or evil can darken the hope that it represents be blessed dear people, as you go out into the night and into your world live a life of peace, show kindness and do what you can to help others along the pathway of your life. Thank you for coming and may God bless each of you amen ceremonies over. We encourage you to go to the restaurants. The coffee shops spend your money, encourage the shopkeepers on the Danforth.