It has it's been a long summer. We, you all didn't, leave me any place for my papers all right, so we have here with the deputy chief Carper W chief Lycans from the fire department, city manager, Shelly Dickstein, City, Commissioner, Chris, Shaw, dr. Greg, seaman trauma from Miami, Valley, Hospital and Elisabeth long from Kettering, Health, Network, all I'm. Sorry paths are good to see you Pastor Rick trip, perks from the police and community together, a pact so I'm gonna, repeat some of the things I said this morning, just to give some information one of those 107 this morning this event occurred in our historic Oregon district. The suspect was wearing body armor and used an aka like gun, assault, rifle 223 caliber with high-capacity magazines, and he had additional magazines with him as well. We had 10 fatalities, including the shooter. That number is still the same from this morning and we have had the hospitals have had 27 people treated and 15 discharged as of 10 o'clock. This morning, in less than one minute dayton, first responder, his father, Bruce responders neutralized the shooter I'm, just still completely amazed at the heroic nature of our Police Department, where they did a first aid, stop to shooter with under a minute and so we're grateful for their service. You are a family, a friend of a victim and have questions. You can call 937, 3, 3, 3, 84 30 or come to the convention center, and if you have any information on the incident, as this incident is ongoing, please call nine three seven, two, two five, six, two one: seven. We are grateful for all of the supporters and folks helping us from the American Red Cross, gita' ha the FBI ATF. The community blood link is supporting the hospitals and we are working with them to set up a blood donation opportunities. We will have more information about that. In the coming hours at 8:00 p.m. tonight, the community will hold a vigil for the families and those that has lost their life. We'll have a duck, a location for you again in the coming hours. The Oregon district will be open coming this afternoon. In the early afternoon, okay, I'm gonna, let some folks speak and then we'll do questions first, I'd like to have dr. seaman, come forward and make you my wife, Thank You, mayor, Whaley, again I'm, dr. Gregg, seaman, I'm, a trauma surgeon, Miami, Valley Hospital, which is the level 1 trauma center for the greater Dayton region. Our facility activated our mass casualty incident plan around 1:30 a.m. this morning, in association with the mass casualty incident here in downtown Dayton that mobilized our entire team. Our facility received a total of 16 patients, of which 12 have already been treated and released. We do have a total of four patients that are currently admitted, and one remains in critical condition. Some of those patients have undergone or will undergo surgery. Later. Today we are continuing to support many families who are arriving at our facility and our thoughts and prayers are certainly with all of those families. We worked in conjunction with other facilities in the area to identify, treat and communicate information in a timely manner to these families. Thank you. Alright. Next we'll have Elisabeth long who's from Kettering Health Network good morning. Kettering health network is a health system with nine hospitals. We received patients at three of our nine hospitals, Grandview Medical Center, which is in Dayton, received the most we had nine people treated, seven were brought in by squad and two walked in of those nine patients. Three are in serious condition: three are in fair condition and three were treated and then discharged two were taken to surgery immediately. One person is still being considered for surgery. The injuries ranged from gunshot wounds to the lower extremities to abdominal wounds. One person came in for a laceration to a foot that happened during the during the chaos right after right after that incident at Kettering medical center, our flagship hospital one person was brought in and is in serious condition and at soy, Medical Center two people were brought in and were treated and then released. We want to commend our hospital staff all the way from our er physicians and nurses and technicians to the people who came in right away when we called the code yellow, alerting people that that we needed backup. We want just want to commend them for the for the great job they did also commending city of Dayton, police and first responders. So we know they're on the first line and they're the first line of treatment for people coming in, so we just wanted it to come them for a job. Well done. We have an organization that we work with when we have incidents called police and community together or a clergy I'm. Sorry, thank you, police and clergy together and pass them have a hard time. Your prayers, please, and so we'd like to have pastor Burks, come forward and say a few words about about the clergy perspective, Thank You, mayor first, we just want to say, as already been stated, our prayers and thoughts are with all the victims and their families. Second, we do want to just really acknowledge the police department, dayton police department, their quick response. We were very thankful for that and first responders on behalf of pack. We just want to let the community know that we've been here from the start. We've been counseling family members. We have a variety of resources. We are here, and we will remain here, so we just want to let you know that this is a community effort and we're doing everything we can to help out in a situation like this. Okay, guys questions, yes, well, certainly it's a Sunday, so some of the businesses were are, you know, are typically, some of them are take Sunday and Monday off, because it's mostly local, but it's up to each business. If they want to open the street will be open this afternoon. The organ district is one of the safest places in the whole region. You know these senseless acts of violence that occur have been happening any place and I don't mean to scare people, but frankly, I mean we're at a situation now in our country that you're, really you know these are so random. There's no place that you know what you could say: oh I, just don't ever go anywhere. So as far as the safety of the district, it's one of the safest places in the whole region, I, don't think we have that information. Yet you know, as we get more updates, we'll continue to continue to update you there, some security members, businesses in the Oregon district who actually either recognize the shooter or to notice something out of place and went out and confronted the shooter before you can get in those businesses. We don't have any of that information to report on yet at this time, as we continue to get information about the the shooting, we will certainly tell you, but we don't have any of that information yet I have not. We've had folks that have been reaching out to victims as they've come in and I plan on meeting with those that are able I mean they're going through a very difficult time in the coming hours. Do we know that we don't know that for certain we're in the process of that look, I mean Dayton has gone through a really tough year. Three months ago, early in the morning, the day after Memorial, Day I think we had not quite this many cameras, but a discussion about 14 tornadoes that ravaged ravaged our city and now to you know, be awakened in the mo of night to a mass shooting and the 250th shooting in our country this year happening Dayton. What really goes through my mind is one seems completely preventable, and you know I just want I just question. When is enough enough, and so you know as we're continuing to do everything we can for the victims for community for families. You know that's where our focus is, and it will continue to be there and I continue to be amazed about the grit and resiliency of this community. The challenge that it has taken on on just in the past few months and the love and support that comes from people is something that keeps me going as mayor and makes me so proud to do this work. Just and next night I can at some point will be able to tell you exactly how many shots were fired by officers and exactly how many shots were fired by the suspect, but but I can't give you that information just yet. There were multiple rounds about the direction yeah we'll get to two more details in a later conference, but but for this conference, I can't release that we have identified the suspect and we will get that information to you soon. We are in our investigative process and that takes precedence. We understand that the public wants to know who this person is, and that will be released and obviously we're working very hard to give the public an answer as to what the motivation might have been for this we're investigating all all information all leads and and we'll go where the, where the evidence takes us at this point, we're aware of of one shooter. What we'll get more of that information to you, I can tell you like the mayor said earlier. This is a this was a 223 rifle with with a high-capacity magazine and extra magazines. Yes, of course you know we have just just like we have police support quickly in the district. We'll continue to have folks around and look. You know we're what please we know the community wants to come together, so for this 8:00 p.m. but vigil. We know we'll have that sight coming? What were you doing there officers? How many officers were? Were there the same amount of officers? Last night as there was Friday, you should just say there were there were several officers who were working in the Oregon district in the immediate vicinity, which is you know, we're all very fortunate that they were there and they were able to shorten this timeline of violence to less than a minute, and we we regularly have officers specifically assigned to to the Oregon district, it's a high concentration of people and we want to make sure that everybody stays safe. So that's our goal. So that's why we we we typically have officers patrolling there, especially around times we'll get more information to you. Yeah yeah I can tell you're the the investigation. You know right now takes takes precedence over over people knowing I. You know, knowing immediately the public will be, will be told who this person is, and it's it's important for us to try to establish, to try to identify all the evidence and impossible motivation in this in this crime, because I think the the victims, the families of the victims, need to know that. So that's the priority. I have no information on that. His family been notified. I can't tell you that the the coroner's office provides a notification to Mexican there. There's always security in the or conditioner I'm. Sorry, I, don't have a count on the number of people that have come. We've had a pretty steady group, you know folks coming in and out, and you know of course, as as families are notified, we immediately make sure that they have the support that we can offer with coping and other issues, but also have to have a victim advocate for each each family is and is put in place as well. Oh, yes, I'm, sorry and thank you and uh police encourage you to gather impact, have been every single one of these as well. Well, I think the most important thing for people to know is what a resilient and gritty city we are and I use those terms affectionately. We have seen a lot of issues in our community and what amazes me about this city- and this is this- you know this tragic incident- is no different- is how quickly our community that comes together, how our community is so connected and how just the number of people want to do something, and you know we saw this in May after the tornadoes we see this again today and then I think the other thing for you know I think I met like you know, over 50 mayors across the country who have reached out, because sadly, this isn't something that only the city of Dayton has experienced and what's what's really shocking to me is just the number of people that have personal experience of this going and on in their communities. And it's it's sad to me that now Dayton is one of those communities as well. I did see the tweet and the press. The I think the White House office has called us. I have correct. Yes, the White House Office is called my cell phone I was on another call at the time, but we have talked to the White House and but not not. The president specifically I've talked to senator Brown and governor DeWine as well. Oh I'm, sorry and I'm. Sorry, thank you. Thank you and representative Turner has called me as well. I can't speculate on that. Frankly, we'll have more information in the coming hours and well, you know I don't want to speculate on it. I can't I can't really communicate on that until we have a name for you guys. Yes, you're, like becoming a regular reporter for a Dayton good to see you yeah I can tell you the all. The fatalities were outside. I can't speak to that just yet. We can't really comment on any of that. You know we will be able to to let you know just that won't be right. Now it's in the Oregon district outside. Do we have a timeline for the next press conference or will learn more about the investigation for police sure, so our next press conference will be at 1:00 p.m. you know in like we can't tell you what we're going to say. We try to learn as much as we can. We try to tell you at that time, so at 1:00 p.m. today, how are the tasks be and forgive me, I didn't catch. The first part of that question. I will say this. The the Dayton Police Department is conducting the investigation. We've had a lot of assistance from outside resources. Fbi has been here from very soon after the incident occurred and and they've assisted with the investigation. So there are a lot of resources that that other agencies and organizations have provided, and that will all be included in this investigation. I I can also add that, after the one o'clock, we are confident we'll have a news briefing at 3 o'clock, where we can provide a little bit more information. As far as the the investigation goes. It may not be all the answers just yet, but but we'll try to get as many to you as we can and I did want to. Thank all of the the other agencies who responded. This is a mutual aid event. When something like this happens. So we had. We had police officers from all surrounding jurisdictions, as well as the fire response dayton dayton, fire department response, and there was a mutual aid request there. So there were medics from from a lot of other jurisdictions too. So we appreciate everyone's assistance in this response. We can't really talk about that right now so gave you the numbers about how many were injured and how many been discharged. So can you talk about what you were treating at Miami Valley? We treated a combination of gunshot wounds as well as injuries from people who were fleeing the scene. I saw the information. I can give you at this time. Some victims is sustained. Multiple gunshot wounds. I saw the information. I can give it this time. I can't speak to that I'm. Sorry, we don't. We don't have like all of the information to share with you. I think preliminary, it seems to be a diverse group of people. I mean I mean about the disease. It's a diverse group. You know yeah, we'll have that later in the afternoon. All right, I appreciate you all and your coverage we'll see you back here at 1:00. If we have more information when we have what we, what information we'll have we'll give it to you at 1:00, and thank you for keeping the prayers of the community of the city of Dayton in your hearts and thoughts. You.