Test test test test, test, test, test test, hello, test, test test, 1 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 14! Are you good? Do you need me to keep talking? 1 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 14. You hear me loud and clear. Awesome you, hey, Steph I could hear ya: okay, okay, gotcha, okay. She said to him. She wants to me to tell her once they're off suicide. You hit it right on the side, went downtown, Steph, Steph, they're walking in, but not up yet so they're coming and sherrod Brown is here: okay and stuff stuff rob portman is here also and they're, walking up now stuff they're walking up now. Yeah everybody wants to stay, that's perfect and then we're just wait: senator Brown and then you guys ready hello. This is Anne Anne Whaley, mayor of Dayton, Ohio I, think this is our fourth press conference of the day and I've seen some of you at every single one of them. So appreciate your diligence and getting the word out and getting the correct information. Now too, from your news outlets when it introduced who's with me this afternoon, city manager, Shelly Dickstein, a US senator sherrod Brown, u.s. senator Rob Portman, deputy chief Matt Carper state representative Phil Plummer and former County Sheriff and Congressman Mike Turner, so I just want to take a moment to talk about the outpouring of support we've seen across the country today. At a moment, I think I've had over 70 mayors and from across the country reach out, particularly of been upheld, have been Buddy Dyer of Orlando, who had to work with his community through the polls night club, Mayor, Bill Peduto of Pittsburgh. Obviously, with the Tree of Life synagogue, mayor Cranley of Cincinnati has been helpful and mayor Jayne caster who's, the new mayor of Tampa, who is a former police chief honestly I, have to say that, unfortunately, because we have so many of these incidences, there is a bevy of mayors that are able to give great advice and feedback. I think, that's quite frankly a little sad if you think about it that they've learned so much because all of their communities have gone through these terrible mass shootings. That today, at two o'clock, I was very appreciative that senators Brown senator Portman and congressman Turner, as well as US attorney Ben, glass man, the FBI and ATF, came together for a briefing with Chief, Beale and Chief Carper. We then walked the scene of the of the site in the Oregon district, so the senators and congressmen could get a good sense of exactly what happened on the ground and I want to say how much I appreciate their support and their calls. And what can I do questions during this day? It's meant a lot to me personally and I know it's been a lot to the citizens of Dayton. With that I'd like to invite senator share Brown to come forward and say a few words Thank You mayor um. This is obviously a terribly difficult time for this community and I so appreciate, especially police and fire, and the rescue operations. How quickly the police department police officers on the scene so courageously stood up and and did the right thing and saved literally potentially hundreds of lives with the amount of ammunition the shooter had and how quickly they responded in how and what a short period of time from the first shot to the last shot. So it really does tell me a lot about local public servants, police and fire and rescue operations we had. The mayor tells us 20, I, believe 2020, first responders from the region came in addition to the six or seven from the city of Dayton that arrived all within 20 minutes to save lives. So that's what that's, what local communities do, which come together like this? The mayor took us all to walk through the Oregon district. It's the it's in many ways: the the the center of Dayton in terms of evenings and small businesses. Every single business in that area just about is locally owned and with the vibrancy of local ownership and what that means and they're all coming together, as they will tonight the vigil, but for the next many days, the way the Dayton came together after the tornado and after him in dealing with the KKK rally a few weeks ago. My first talk with the mayor today. The first thing she told me other than expressing the the grief and the heartache of this community was how how she had gotten literally dozens of texts, emails in phone calls from mayor's around the country, almost all of whom have had something like this happen in their communities and so our first. Our first response, I'll speak for myself counties in my first response, of course, is sadness and hearts and pin prayers in thoughts for families and the community overall, including police and fire, and how they respond to this in the weeks ahead from the trauma that they've seen as public servants. My next thought was anger at our country in society, in our Congress. For not doing anything about this, the House Representatives passed a bill to do background checks overwhelmingly bipartisan ly, I'm I've called on Senator McConnell to bring the Senate back into session. We can pass that in one afternoon background checks. The president United States could sign it that day, there's just no reason. We shouldn't be doing that, so we certainly pray for the victims and care about the victims, but Congress needs to do something. Our state legislature again woefully inadequate in dealing with gun. Violence also needs to react and respond in the right way so that these incidents just don't happen week after week after week after week, in our country, I'd like to, inter invite senator Portman to come forward to say a few words that Senator Brown came from Cleveland Sandra Portman came from Cincinnati and just completely amazed by people coming here to get here as soon as possible. The Miami Valley is in mourning today after the tragedy of last night's shooting, we did walk down to the Oregon district and we saw what has been a thriving commercial section of the city and and so lots of great small businesses. We also saw workers in hazmat suits. These were ms personnel, who were having to clean the blood off the sidewalk from the tragedy of last night, shocking, shocking unspeakable tragic. We also seen this community respond, as they will for the victims for the mothers and fathers and sons and daughters who were struck down last night and those who were injured. We've seen it here in this community, just since May with the KKK rally, we've seen it as this community came together after the devastating hurricanes, which you know is still an ongoing project. But I've talked to the mayor. A lot about this and mayor Willie knows that I'm impressed with what I've seen is how this community comes together and responds, and we saw it last night with these brave police officers who, in the face of danger, ran straight in straight into it. You'll learn more about this at 4 o'clock and all I can say is because we're not at liberty to talk about it and I think it's appropriate that law enforcement provide the perspective that you need on this. But this courage was extraordinary and saved lives, probably hundreds of lives. Given the situation, there is also an effort going on in the community that I hope everybody will support, which is through the date and Community Foundation, and it's called the Oregon district tragedy fund. It's a fund. That's been set up to help the victims. Again, this community comes together, I'll, be making a contribution to it, I'm sure everyone will behind me and I know this movie is going to come together and help these victims, those who are injured the families of those who lost lives. So this is this is a tragedy that requires that kind of response. My colleague senator Brown, has talked about legislation. We should also, of course, as we figure out what happened here- learn lessons from it, just as we need to learn lessons from others and are there more things that can be done, I'm sure there are, but I will say, there's something deeper going on here and if you look at the suicide rates, if you look at the addiction rates, this communities got a good job and responding to it, but it's been at Ground Zero in terms of the opioid crisis as well. If you look at the mental health crisis in our country today, there aren't enough laws and in fact no law can correct some of the more fundamental cultural problems we face today as a country and the shooting last night is an indication of that. So I look forward to working together with my colleagues to try to respond the most effective way possible, but we also have looked deep into our hearts and figure out. How could someone point a gun at someone who he had never seen or known and pull the trigger? Thank you. Next I appreciate the Senators donation to the fund that the Dayton foundation has put together. I know that our community comes together and I know that this will be no different, as the other episodes we've had in the past few months. Next I'd like to invite congressman Turner to come forward to say a few words appreciate him calling me this morning and appreciate him being here as well. Congressman Turner I want to thank the mayor for her leadership on this day of sadness for our community. This is a strong community and appreciate the mayor working diligently to pull everyone together. Also I want to thank and congratulate the the mayor and the police chief on the police presence that was in the Oregon district last night. It was extraordinary that they were able to respond so quickly as a result of the police's actions. My daughter and hundreds others who were down in the oregon district last night are alive and and are safe. Today. I also want to thank the first responders and the the police and fire who came to the scene and responded unbelievably for our community. This is an unbelievable amount of evil that we cannot comprehend. I appreciate the mayor pulling us together for a briefing today on the investigation. That's ongoing, we'll learn more about this particular case, but senator Brown is absolutely corrected as sort of deportment as we look across the country- and we see this, we need a national conversation as to how we come together on a bipartisan basis to address this legislation culturally, as a country I, think the mayor for pulling us together and for her diligent work to try to find answers for the community and also for the work last night that kept so many safe. Next, a state representative, we used to call him Sheriff, Phil, Plummer I, wanted to say a few words thanks mayor and again, thank you for your leadership. Here. We've had some rough times in a city of Dayton, but you've really, you know you met the challenge and you've led the city. So thank you for your hard work in your efforts here. So let the citizens know you have a great Police Department, a great fire department. Here you know: I went toward the crime scene with everybody behind me here and I was hoping, as my last crime scene, I toured, but we're back in action but walking away from a crime scene. You know I could stick my chest out and I'm very proud of our first responders. They they answered the call. You know they ran towards a gun fire. You even you're up against weapons like that. It's tough on those guys and they made the call and they took care of business. So thank them. When you see him, you know we can't give him enough rewards because they saved a lot of people. Last night, Fire Department, you guys, did a great job in our County dispatch center. They get overwhelmed with. You know mass situations like this, so they did a tremendous job. Also so guys. Let's not! This lets us keep us down. Like I said we had a rough year, but we always bounce back, we're a resilient community, we're in the game we're in the fight, and we need to figure this out. So let me ask you guys this I'm not gonna, get into policy discussions, but we, the people, make the call. We don't work for special interest groups. We work for the people, so let's sit down and let's figure out a solution to this. You know its mental health. Its guns there's a lot of variables here, but we got to figure this out so guys, thanks for covering this and let's stay strong, Dayton we're in the game here. Thank you, okay.I Deputy, Chief Carper will come forward to give any new information. He may have I. Think it'll be pretty brief, since we will have such a detailed briefing at four o'clock: yeah Thank You Marion. Thank you for everyone's patience. We do have a comprehensive look at this coming up here at four o'clock. The only thing I will add right now we do have a a lost-and-found. That's can be established at the Safety Building downtown, 335, West 3rd Street. That's the city of Dayton, Police Department headquarters, beginning at 10 o'clock. Tomorrow morning there were a lot of items that were left in the organ district, so if you could spread the word to the public, if any items were left, they can come and retrieve those beginning tomorrow morning. Thank you all right questions. Are you asking me well, I will answer than anyone else can answer, though the word I used for Dayton is. It has grit and I think that that is a word that describes what is this community has been through with, for the past 50 years, the grit of the changing economy, the grit when stuff tough things happen. They come together, there's resilience and grit, but I think that that is what makes us so strong and continues to make us resilient and so I'm, proud, I think that that describes Dayton and its people in a way that I'm very, very proud of any comment. You know we need to do. What's right, you know civilians walking around by the armor. We call that clues. So you know why doesn't something that body armor? You know somebody is not acting right and they have high-powered weapons reach out to them. I mean we all know when somebody's having problems. We have to be a community and support people. Let's start doing what's right, you know you watch some of the news conferences from the shooters neighborhood and they kind of said the guy had some problems, but we fail to step up and do what's right and address those problems. You know the guy made. He need somebody to help him out, give him a hand up. So you know something doesn't seem right, make a call, call the police, that's what we're here for cost yeah. We have professionals here counselors, you know if it if it didn't right, just reach out to us. The former sheriff said that sort of questioned civilians, whirring body armor like that wearing those vests ballistic, vests and I, say the same about civilians buying assault weapons. We we try and experiment this country from the mid 90s to the mid next decade for about ten years of a ban on assault weapons, and it didn't didn't, get every assault weapon off the street, but it did make a difference and there are probably hundreds, if not thousands, of people alive today. It might not have been alive if we hadn't passed. If we hadn't had a law prohibiting the purchase of assault, weapons and those weapons, don't follow they're, not weapons for hunting. We don't question people having a condo hunt, we don't question people having a gun to protect themselves, but civilians carrying assault weapons and it just again speaks to the courage of the police department, with pistols or other weapons, but nothing like taking on a guy with an assault weapon. And why do we put our police in that situation to where, where civilians carry these weapons of war? And it's it's an unfair match by by any stretch? Well, as I said earlier, I think it requires a comprehensive approach, because the tragedies you're talking about each is different and we don't know all the facts here yet. But what we do know which I've seen in public reports so I can I can say this. He shot his sister. We know that in a short period of time and you'll find out the exact period of time at four o'clock, I won't tell you, but I'll just tell you in that short period of time they were. There was a burst and I've seen public reporting on that as to how many shots were fired. If that's true, that magazine, of course, would be illegal. So there's a law so do I need more laws. Yeah. We probably do- and we did just pass no plain last year, 2018 to tighten the background, checks and I think there's a consensus now that we need background checks to make sure the wrong people don't have access to weapons. You'll learn more at four o'clock about whether he would have been caught up. In that background check or not. But my point is it's not just about laws it's about something deeper and mental health was recent was mentioned earlier. We have a crisis in this country. There's no question about it. You know people have talked about the depths of despair and they talk about the suicide rates. They talk about the addiction rates and they talk about the mental health issues that are causing some of these. So this is a broader discussion that needs to be had and I. You know I hope, but when we get back, we will have that discussion and we'll have it at the state level we'll have it at every level, but we also have to have it in our communities and in our homes and in our hearts and former sheriff now, representative Plummer talked about that. You know in almost every one of these cases. There is, as you look back on it, some indication of a mental health problem. In some cases. Actually there have been investigations of individuals that, unfortunately, did not result in that person. You know being treated the way he or she should have been I. You know, parkland is an example that we don't know in this case, yet enough, but again from public reporting and what former sheriff now representative just told us. There were indications, apparently, so how do we? How do we in terms of prevention? How do we actually identify those individuals get them the help they need, which is mental health treatment, which is sometimes with these red flag laws and other things to literally keep them in a situation where they can't harm others. Sometimes that means incarcerated, so there are. There are needs for us to look at this and on a broader basis. What Senator Portman was saying. This is very difficult of legislative issue. That's why I think we need a national conversation. The legislation that was passed in the house- that's currently pending it in the Senate, would not have affected this situation. Senator Portman pointed out that the in in Ohio, also the magazine that was used is already illegal there. There there has to be, though, a legislative, broader conversation where we can find where we can have have an impact. I think what the sheriff is saying is also incredibly important and if there's a neighbor or a friend who who you believe poses a risk, take that first step the if it's unthinkable for us how how quickly our own families become a so at risk, and this is why this is so important for us to pick up the phone say. There's a problem. I say that there there's an individual who appears to not only be a threat but perhaps have weapons or caches to the extent that that they have nefarious intent. I think that the the former sheriff that's the episode of has a great call to the community that if you see something, say something: okay, we're gonna we're gonna. Take like one more question: yes, yeah, we'll present that at 4 o'clock and I think we're actually getting ready for the four o'clock briefing. So, rather than put you off to four o'clock, maybe we should put it off to four o'clock, and so we can present what we have and that'll answer. A lot of questions and I just want to thank the senators and congressmen for coming to this evening and the site this afternoon and appreciate and I'll see you guys before I'm just grabbing my mic. Sorry, you.