A penis is the most reliable and effective way to achieve female orgasm, because it's sword, it's so mighty right. Oh, my god, hi I'm, dr. Jen, Gunter I'm, an OBGYN I'm, also known as twitter's resident gynecologist. Let's get to debunking some health, misconceptions and myths. I've got a bowl here all right. What do we got? Vaginal steaming is necessary to keep the vagina clean. No, no, don't steam it all. Your vagina is a self-cleaning oven. It doesn't need any help at all, and did you know that vagina steaming is based on the patriarchal myth that the vagina is dirty? It's not. It's amazing, jump steam, cranberry juice can prevent your inner tract infections. Nope, that's an old myth! Cleanses and detoxes are necessary to rid the body of toxins. No, not at all these words mean nothing in medicine. This is predatory marketing and nobody ever even says what toxins are they're like nothing. So no you don't need a cleanse and a detox. You have kidneys and you have a liver and you're. Just fine, and you know what I only have one kidney I'm still fine, that's how good your kidneys are. Gwyneth Paltrow is a trusted. Health professional, you guys are trolling me how you keep up with the stuff. I read what you're doing and that's how I get ideas. I I I read a lot of slowly. No coffee is a great, a natural way to cleanse your colon, no, not at all. Oh my god keep your coffee out of your rectum and in your cup. Coffee enemas are not a thing and the idea that it could be beneficial when introduced directly in your butt and not by ingesting it orally is so many levels of what the I don't even know. A penis is the most reliable and effective way to achieve female orgasm. This is sword so mighty right. Oh, my god, 30% of women can orgasm with penile penetration alone, but two-thirds need clitoral stimulation of some kind in other ways. If a penis doesn't prove that's great, if a penis doesn't do it for you, then there's many other great ways to achieve an orgasm, and obviously women who partner with women, have lots of orgasms. So a penis is not a metric of female sexual satisfaction. 75 percent of women are satisfied with their sex lives. Sadly, no that is unfortunately a myth. It's about 49 49, 50 percent food can change the scent of your vagina. No, no first of all this implies that the scent of a vagina needs to be changed. A vagina is glorious, and if your partner were someone who doesn't think so, then they shouldn't be partnering with you. Just think about it. If you're eating pineapple, it doesn't make your sweat smell differently, doesn't make your armpits smell differently No, so the vagina it doesn't have some secret pineapple, concentrating mechanism that the rest of your body doesn't have the way your vagina smells and tastes is controlled by this good bacteria. That's in your vagina called the lactobacilli. It's not controlled by food, that's a myth, and again it's based on the patriarchal idea that there's something wrong with how a normal vagina smells and tastes so just eat pineapple. If you like it thanks for watching global news, if you enjoyed what you saw like the video, you can also hit the subscribe button for all the latest international news and trending videos.