Busy day plans we're leaving now for Ellington Air Force Base in Texas, we're going to spend some time on the floods, we're going to be briefed in the flood. We're gonna make a big investment, so we can try and help Texas with this terrible flooding that they've been having. So we'll be talking to a lot of people and meeting a lot of people, that's going to be at Ellington, Air, Force, Base and we're going to use this. Some of you are coming with me. I guess we'll be going to Houston and we'll be it's a very nice big stadium, packed full of people with a miniature Modi of India, as if I'd go with them and I've accepted, and we're going to have a good time with Prime Minister Modi. We have a here's, a tremendous crowd, so that will be in Houston and then, after that, I'm going to Ohio. Pratt Industries is opening a 1 billion dollar plant and I. Don't mr. Platt, always a great Anthony, I told them. If he does something really spectacular, I'll go and cut the ribbon. Anybody invested a billion dollars in Ohio, so that's Pratt industries. They're great people is a great company, headed by a very great businessman from Australia, so they're bringing a billion dollars into Ohio and I said: I'd go and cut the ribbon, and here it is we're ready to cut a ribbon. It's a great plan. So we look forward to that then we're coming home, and then we have a lot of work at the United Nations during the next week. Nothing's ever off example completely, but I have no intention of meeting with Iran, and that doesn't mean it doesn't happen on the reflexive of verses. But we have. No intention is not set up we're meeting with a lot of leaders. We have about 15 meetings set up, but Iran is not one of them. Mr. president, mr. president, we had a great conversation. The conversation I had was largely congratulatory was largely corruption. All of the corruption taking place, there's largely the fact that we don't want our people like Vice, President Biden is done. Creating - the big corruption already in the Ukraine and Ukraine Ukraine's got a lot of problems. He, the new president, is saying that he's going to be able to rid the country of corruption that I said. That would be a great thing. We had a great conversation. We had a conversation on many things. In fact, I believe Ukraine, put out a statement yesterday saying that we covered many different topics. It was a warm and friendly conversation. We back tie-back Ukraine from the beginning, but I'm very upset that other countries aren't doing the same. Germany should be spending much more friends. All of the European Union should be spending money. Why are we spending money and they're not or at least they're spending very little by comparison, so I'm not happy about that? I would have no problem with Rudy's a very straight shooter, as Rudy wants to see the same thing. There's a lot of other people with respect to Ukraine Ukraine has had a tremendous corruption problem. Somehow they were involved in a lot of different things in took place in our country, and hopefully it could be straightened out and I will say the new president. We had a very good talk. The new president got elected based on the fact that he would end corruption. That was probably his number one thing. Do you think somebody was spying on you on that call with Ukraine? Well, this whistleblower or whoever it was because it sounds like it's not a whistleblower. You can't have that happen to a President of the United States. The conversation by the way was absolutely perfect. It was a beautiful, warm nice conversation and it was put out last night also by Ukraine, but you can't have people doing this and you can't have people doing false alarms like this, and you know when the president speaks to the head of another country. He has to be able to speak to those people and those people don't want to know that they're being recorded or that you have a stenographer working. You don't want to have to hear that. You can't do that to a president and you can't do that to other countries, but with all of that being said, we had a very great conversation, very straight, very honest conversation. I hope they can put it out. Well, I, don't say anything, but whenever I speak to a bar and leader I assume there are many people in the line. I, don't assume I'm talking to the leader anytime, I'm, on the phone with a foreign leader. Many many people are on the line. Sometimes they take people sometimes they're doing a stenographer but I. Also sooo assume many people are on the line from the other side. So, if I'm speaking to a country, they also have people in the line. So who would say a thing like what you say now I will say this I said absolutely nothing wrong. It was perfect. Listen to me! Listen, listen! Listen to me! Listen to me! I assume! Many people are on the line. I know that before I make the goal and that's what you have intelligence agencies, everybody listening. That call was a great Co, a perfect call, a perfect ball. What wasn't perfect is the horrible thing that Joe Biden said, and now we made a lie. What he said he never spoke to his son I mean give me a break. He's already said he spoke to his son and now he said yesterday very firmly, I think you son. Of course you spoke to his son, so he made them to say good thing. He never spoke to his son. He spoke to his son but more importantly, what he said about the billions of dollars that he wouldn't give them unless they fired the prosecutor and then he bragged about how they fired the prosecutor. They got the money, not a separate, are very busy I'm going on the floods. Today, the floods are very important to me and climate change. Everything is very important, but today I'm going to Texas on the flood, then I'm going to use it on the big rally. It's a rally for Prime Minister Modi and the SP to do it of India and I. Look well, not only Ukraine take a look at China. They took a tremendous amount of money out of China. Now they ever took over in China negotiation. He would sell us out look at all the money he paid in China the son. He knew nothing. The son is a stiff. He knew nothing and he's making hundreds of thousands and millions of dollars, and he did the same thing in Ukraine. He knows nothing. This is a very dishonest thing that Joe Biden did and then he said he never spoke to his son. Does anybody believe that one? But then he also said long before that he did speak to his son, so he lied again, but what he said is that he wouldn't give I think it was billions of dollars to Ukraine unless they fired the prosecutor. Who was looking at his son and his son company, the company that his son works with, and that's trade this on this thing and I'm not looking to hurt by I'm, not even looking to hold and do it to be honest, but he said a very bad thing. He said a very foolish thing now me or the other hand. My conversation with the president, the new president of Ukraine, was perfect. They put out a statement last night, they said the same thing: it was a warm friendly conversation. There was no quid pro quo. There was nothing. It was a perfect conversation president. When you bring up when you bring up to Biden, because I want Germany and I want France and I want the European Union to put up money and I didn't delay anything we paid the military aid to the best of my knowledge. Listen to me, I gave so much for tu brains and Obama did go back and check your records, and you know what you should do. Also, as can you Philip why anybody should be allowed to buy a son without a background check, we're looking at it right now, we're studying it very hard. It's an issue that, frankly, Congress is wasting all their time. When nonsense, we're studying very hard, if Congress would ever get back to work, we can work something, but Congress is doing all of this nonsense. This garbage that they're doing and I'll tell you what they don't have any time but Democrats in Congress they're. Doing nothing I'll tell you what they're going to lose the election. You know why, because they're not doing anything, are you going to make a decision this week on a gun proposal? Are you what well we're working very hard with some Democrats? The problem I have is that Jerry Nadler and all these people they keep wasting time in Congress over nothing, they're studying nothing. The Muller report was perfect. Corey Lewandowski was magnificent. Everybody is perfect, they're wasting time. They couldn't accept the Muller report. They couldn't accept that defeat. They can't now accept the fact that we have the best economy we've ever had it. We may be hitting another all-time high, expanding background checks to all commercial sales. Do you support expanding background checks on how to do things? The problem we find is the Democrats have very little time to talk, because they're wasting their time. You take a look at what they're doing it's a total waste of time and they know it they bad what we're working with joe manchin, the senator and we're working with Pat Dooley, and we have a lot of people working of it and we'll be seeing it I say over a period of time. The problem that I have is the Democrats in the house, especially they're, totally unavailable to talk, because that hearings all day over something. That's already been won by us. They made up a story, it was a false story. It was a hoax and frankly we have to get to the bottom of how it started, but they are wasting all of their time on a home. Got a job and I could do things if I wanted, but I don't want to do that. We're so strong despite Jay pal, but Jay Powell is not helping us. Other countries have lower interest rates with the Prime Minister the law, but he has the rate he put lux. It's very simple: he lifted the rates far too quickly and they lowered them far too slowly and it's a shame and the Russian boneheads in your administration whose jobs are safe not too many who to be not there any bonus. We have a great up day what we really now have a great administration, but what we have is a great cabinet. Our cabinet is done a great job. Now he is a great gentleman. Joe he's doing a fantastic job and I know. One thing he's only gonna do what's right, but he is doing a fantastic job and he's only going to do what's right, but just so you understand the conversation I had with the president. Ukraine was absolutely perfect and people better find out who these people are that are trying to subvert our country, because here we go again he's a bad people, but the conversation I had with the president of Ukraine was absolutely attend. It was perfect. Now what you have to do is look at the corruption on the Democrat side. Take a look at how the whole witch hunt started. Now they want to try and start another witch hunt, but unfortunately, this one is reverting now to Joe Biden, because he's done some very bad thing and I'm not even looking to hurt him to be honest, he needs all the help he can get I'm not looking to hurt him I'm, not looking to hurt his family but the corruption and what he said. Is it terribly.