Thank you very much everybody, the Sandman. My wife asked me why the Sandman just tell me our first lady I said because he put the batter to sleep, Brett, The Sandman, a lot of people don't know that, but the Yankee fans know that we've watched it for a long time. Thank you all for coming. The first lady and I are delighted to welcome you to the White House. Today we present our nation's highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom to American baseball legend, maybe the greatest pitcher of all time. It's a big argument. Is he the greatest pitcher of the greatest reliever? Well, the reliever we want, but there's a real question. He may be the greatest pitcher in the history of baseball, Mariano Rivera. When you hear the stats you'll understand exactly why I say that Mariano I want to congratulate you on this really extraordinary achievement. Thank you and it's on behalf of this whole country. Thank you very much for the great job, we're delighted to be joined by our Vice President, Mike Pence and his wonderful wife Karen. Thank you very much Karen. Thank you. Along with many of the members of our very distinguished and hardworking and very very successful cabinet, thank you all for being here. Thank you. Thank you. Cabinet. We're all so grateful to be joined by Mariano's, wife, Clara, Thank, You, Clara, Thank, You Clara, his three sons, Yaphet yasiel and Marianas daughter-in-law ELISA. Thank you very much. Thank you all for being here. It's so great and his longtime manager, one of the great players and a great great manager, Joe Torre, where's Joe, a great player too, and chief operating officer of the New York Yankees lawn trust. Thank you. Thank you. Long. Good luck go get it. We could use him in the bullpen, maybe, and that would be good. That would guarantee it good luck. Great season, you've had tremendous season. Mariano was born the son of a fishing boat captain on the coast of Panama. He learned to play baseball on the mudflats of the Pacific with a cardboard love, a bat fashioned from a tree branch and a ball made out of rock string and tape. There wasn't a lot of money for playing baseball. He excelled at the sport at the age of 18. He started playing in the country's top adult lake in a critical game with his team losing badly. The coach called him over and asked Mariano to do something that he had never really done before. Could you pitch Mariano mo insisted that he could not, but when he took the mound, an amazing thing happened. The crowd witnessed an incredible performance. His opponents did not get a single run for the rest of the game and a legend was starting. His team won an epic comeback. Victory big deal at that time and after that, as teammates contacted a scout and told him that he had a tryout in Panama City, with the world's most famous baseball dynasty, the New York Yankees, with barely enough money for the bus ride home Mariano, set out on a journey that would define his life and inspire countless millions around the globe. At his first dry out in worn-out, shoes and a borrowed glove Mariano threw nine fast balls. It was the only pitch he knew how to throw after a few more tryouts. The yankees offered him a contract to play their farm team, the Gulf Coast Yankees. Do you remember that Mariano, the Gulf Coast? Were they a good team, not bad right? He got in an airplane and came back to America. A few months later, in August 1990 mariana threw his first no-hitter that year he had an average er, a of 0.7 teen, so that doesn't mean one. That means like one seventeenth of one: that's not a lot. Did you lose? How do you lose a game? Well, I! Guess you score! No runs right boy, oh boy! In 52 innings he had point 17, which is unheard of over 22 games, soon, thereafter, Mariano married Clara, which was an even more important thing for him to do and truly- and he said it many times you are the love of his life. You know that you feel that right, I hope he tells you that they will soon celebrate their 20th wedding anniversary. Congratulations after five years playing in the minors in 1955, Mariano made it to the big leagues in his second season, with the Yankees Mariano delivered 130 strikeouts in less than 108 innings. While facing 425 batters, he allowed only one home run with an ER a of 2.09. The Yankees made him a closer for the 1997 season. That's when it really started happening that year he accidentally threw a pitch he had never thrown before. Then he tried it several more times again and again kept working and at the last second, his fastball, who was really an incredible thing, became the cutter. He had suddenly developed that lethal pitch, which are people throwing that pitch today, because I've never noticed they seem to. They don't have your success. I can tell you right, they don't they may be, throwing it, but it doesn't work quite the same way and many players would come to consider it the greatest pitch ever in baseball. It would break many records and many bats in a 1999 game against the Atlanta Braves. His cutter snapped a big strong guy, Ryan, Klesko I, know him well as a player he's a big, powerful guy and he broke his bat three times in one plate, appearance that has to be like a record in 2001 Mariano's, heavy fearsome, pitch destroyed 44 bats in less than 81 innings and I used to say, I tell people I've, never seen a guy break so many bats. It's called a heavy heavy pitch and I asked Mariano. Why, and he really didn't know just was the way it was right. It's just the way. It happened it's from God it's from God when he retired the Minnesota Twins presented him with what would become one of the most prized possessions a chair made out of their shattered bats in 1998 1999 and 2000 World Series championships Mariano closed out three consecutive World Series victories and delivered 14, strikeouts and seven saves. He gave up only two runs 259 batters and you got to remember you're playing against the best team. So this isn't like palying the low level. This is the best team and he had a very unusual trait. He did better against the best teams and he did incredibly in the playoffs game after game. When his entrance music, Enter Sandman filled the arena, fans went wild, knowing that the game was all but over his dominance on the mound, mesmerized fans, teammates and, unfortunately, for them it mesmerised the competitors. In Game, seven of the 2003 American League Championship Mariano entered at the top of the ninth with the score tied five to five. He held off the Boston Red Sox for three straight innings. Without giving up a single run, helping secure the series for the Yankees, he was named, the Series MVP, not surprising one of the most memorable moments of Marianas career was the final game of the old Yankee Stadium. This is a last game in Yankee Stadium when he took his place in history as the final man to pitch in that shrine to American baseball and I spent many a day in that Stadium and night, and it was special with Moe on the mound for the ninth inning, not a single hitter from the Baltimore Orioles made it to first base. He secured yet one more Yankee victory, and that day the old stadium became the house that Ruth Built and that Rivera closed out over the course of 19 seasons. You have to hear this to believe it. I didn't even know it. I knew he was the best, but this is crazy. Mariano broke the major league baseball record for the most games finished and saves made. He has the best ER a earned run average in the past 100 years, 2 point 2 1 in the regular season and an even more astounding point: 70, that's less than one run in the postseason. When, again you play the best teams, these are the hot teams. These are the teams that are just beating up everybody and you had less than one run point-seven. It's amazing. He made more than 2 times as many saves as the next best pitcher in postseason and a true clutch pitcher. He was always the best against the most talented hitters. Amazingly the 527 batters he faced in postseason games hit only two home runs and scored. Only 13 runs against him. I think you guys want him quickly. We have to get him get him in uniform. You know, you're getting ready, just sign him up. Blonde Mariano helped lead the Yankees to five World Series victories was named the World Series MVP in 1999, and this year he became the first person unanimously elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame, unanimous that one hurt. So just out of curiosity, Babe Ruth was not unanimously elected babe. The babe didn't make it. What was his problem? He did pretty good too you mean babe was not unanimous. Well, he had some other difficulty, so yeah yeah, that's pretty good Mariano. That's I've heard first unanimously the babe huh. We love the babe. What a swing the babe had that old corkscrew swing right. Nobody could figure him out either throughout Mariano's, incredible career. He remained a humble man, guided by a deep Christian faith that inspires everyone around him. As he says, he has always remembered that the Lord doesn't care about wealth or fame, or the number of saves somebody has. We are all children of God and the Lord cares about the goodness and love in our hearts. That's all well! Well! That is different than the babe I would say: I don't know if the babe ever said that that's pretty sure he didn't. Maybe in his last year he said it nearly two decades ago, Mariano founded the Mariano Rivera foundation, which has provided hundreds of scholarships for underprivileged children along with school supplies, for countless students and is currently building a learning and community center in New Rochelle New York, where I can tell you from being in New York. What you've done in New Rochelle has been incredible: incredible after retiring from baseball Mariano and his wife built an evangelical church, and today Clara is its pastor. I'm gonna have to come, listen to you sometime I could use it. That's good. Mariano was naturalized as a US citizen in 2015 and of course he serves as co-chair of the President's Council on sports fitness and nutrition. Mariano Rivera has made extraordinary contributions to American sports culture and society. He is the most dominant relief pitcher in the history of baseball and more than that, he lived the American dream and shines as an example of American greatness for all to see and I'd now like to ask the military aid to come forward and present Mariano Rivera with the Presidential Medal of Freedom and before we do the actual presentation I'd like to have Mariano just say a few words and I know. Most of those words are going to be addressed to his family, because I know how he feels about his family. Nobody loves their family more than Mariano, please bye, Wow, amazing uh. Mr. president, thank you for so I would like to say thank God for a wonderful day. You know always be here in presence in a mr. president. Thank you for all those words and remarks the first lady Thank You mr. pence Karen. Thank you for being all of you for being here present, but my wife, my kids and my families, rest of the family. Friends. Without you guys supporting the prayers we got from now. Mr. mr. t, mr. Joe Torre benefit for a lot of those prayers and for me it's an honor and a privilege to receive this. The word is a matter of freedom which amia all ideal. Yes try to be the best and do the best for them for America. You know. One thing that I had to remark is one remark. When I came here in 1990, I came to Tampa, Dean spoke, no English I mean Ivan, spoke, I, didn't speak now forget about 1990. You know the reason. What I did that, because I mean in the team, they were a lot of players that spoke Spanish, so I got a little comfortable and then try a little bit to learn the language. My second year in baseball I was in Greenville North Carolina, where most of the people didn't speak. Any Spanish, especially my team, is the evening. I was a little younger, so the guys that spoke Spanish and the team will hang out with the older guys and I was left. I. Think I was hanging out with the guys friend of my team, Cooper and another way: guy Bob Taylor those two I I asked because I was frustrated times, could I go to bed crying, no because the game, but because I was frustrated because I couldn't speak, the language I couldn't speak English. So therefore, I told those two teams of mine, I said: I, don't care how much you laugh and I don't care. How much you make fun of me, but please I, give you the permission to laugh and do that. But teach me teach me the right way. By my surprise. They never laugh on me and they teach me by the end of the year. I was able to communicate with my manager with my teammates and I was the happiest man in baseball and from that I would say that my career took off and I was able to realize that I can do something for others, because I knew the language now I can relate with someone that's going through the same process that I have been, but at the same time there yes learning English is the first thing that we should do and I did and for that being a being American I'm, so proud and honored that are coming from a small town, beautiful town, beautiful country called Panama and live with my family here and understand the language being everything that we go through. I'm proud to be an American during his 19 seasons in Major, League Baseball, Mariano Rivera established himself as the greatest relief pitcher of all time signed by the New York Yankees in 1990. Mr. Rivera went on to become a 13 time, all-star and five-time World Series champion. He is the first player in the history of the sport to be elected unanimously into the National Baseball Hall of Fame off the field. Through the Mariano Rivera foundation, he has helped provide children in need with an education empowering them to achieve a better future. The United States proudly honors Mariano Rivera for being a legend of the game of baseball and for his commitment to strengthening America's communities.