Thank you very much. Thank you. Look at all the press. Did you attract? Do you believe it that's great I hope not you're lucky. Thank you very much today. It's my honor to welcome president mean it's tha of Finland to the White House and, mr. president, it's wonderful to host you once again in Washington, we've gotten to know each other over the last period of time, and it's been, it's been a great experience. The President and I have just concluded very productive discussions on a number of exciting opportunities for our two nations before going further. I want to express our deep condolences over the horrific stabbing attack that took place yesterday at a college in Finland. America is praying for the victims and their families, and we send our unwavering love and support. The American and finished people are linked by an abiding commitment to self-government, individual rights, democracy and the rule of law. This past May, our country celebrated the 100th anniversary of America's recognition of the independent nation of Finland in 1919, as President Wilson wrote at the time. Our recognition was prompted by the sympathies for a cause similar to that which caused our own Declaration of Independence in 1776 a century after we established diplomatic relations, United States and Finland remain united by those same cherished values. Central to this effort is our nation's close cooperation on matters of security and defense. Although Finland is not a member of NATO save a lot of money, Finland participates in many NATO missions and exercises and I'm pleased that Finland is substantially increasing its military budget. America and Finland are also working together to advance stability, freedom of navigation and respect for national sovereignty in the Arctic. Both of our nations are committed to a secure Arctic region, free from external intrusion, interference and coercion. Simply put, we believe that the affairs of the Arctic should be governed by the actual nations of the Arctic and, as you know, there are other people coming into the Arctic and we don't like it and we can't let it happen, and we won't let it happen. The United, States and Finland are likewise partnering to ensure the security of 5g networks. It is critical that we use safe and trustworthy technology providers, components and supply chains. We welcome the establishment of the Orosz Innovation Centre in Finland. Qualcomm has done a fantastic job with that. This Innovation Centre will greatly expand American and Finnish businesses and cooperation in 5g. We're also glad that the Finnish company Nokia it's a great company, a global leader in 5g technology, is developing its cutting-edge products right here in the United States at Bell Labs in New Jersey across the United States foreign direct investment from Finland totals over 10 billion dollars. Each year finishing owned companies invest more than 120 million dollars in research and development in America and expand our exports by more than 1 billion dollars. Just today, Finnish Nokian tires opened a new manufacturing plant in Dayton Tennessee, a 360 million dollar investment that is creating hundreds of brand-new beautiful jobs for a great state Tennessee we love Tennessee, so they made a wise choice. You never lose when you go to Tennessee I encourage other finnish companies to increase their investments in the united states. There has simply never been a better time to do business in america. We have passed the largest tax cuts and reform and also regulation cuts in the history of our country. We slash business tax and we're fuelling job growth through our record-setting campaign to abolish all of those really terrible, unnecessary regulations. We have plenty of regulations, but many of them we didn't need, we get rid of them. The American economy is booming, wages are rising, incomes are soaring and unemployment has hit its lowest level in more than half a century. We want finished companies to join in America's extraordinary economic revival, so many countries are coming in it's the hot place. We have the hottest economy in the world and it's the hot place to be. They all want to be here. The president and I are also working on a way to improve international trade based on the principle of fairness and my favorite word. Reciprocity I hope that Finland, which now holds the rotating presidency of the EU Council, will support our efforts to achieve a mutually beneficial agreement with the European Union. We're gonna have to start doing something with the European Union because they have not been treating this country right. For many. Many years- and they know it and I tell them, and they know it. America's trade deficit with the EU has been averaging a hundred and sixty billion dollars a year for many many years. Achieving more balanced and robust trade flows would greatly benefit both Finland and the United States. We also appreciate Finland's strong partnership in combating predatory trade practices worldwide, including the theft of intellectual property, from trade to security from travel to Commerce. We are immensely grateful for our close and deeply valued friendship with the people of Finland, great people and we're now working on a deal to sell a large number of airplanes fighter jets, hopefully to Finland, see how that works out, but we make the greatest jets in the world we make the greatest missiles and military equipment anywhere in the world nobody's even close. Mr. president, I want to thank you again for visiting the White House. The history of our two nations is a profound testament to the importance of our independence and resolve to defend it. I look forward to continuing to work, alongside of you, as we safeguard our precious sovereignty and build a bright future of hope, harmony and peace for the American and Finnish people, and thank you very much for being with us at the White House and the Oval Office. We had a very special number of hours appreciate it very much. Thank you, sir Thank You. Mr. president, first of all, I will deliver your condolences to Finnish people. They do appreciate that. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, before meeting I had some spare time so I visited a couple of museums here: Michelle American history, the same American, African, history and Museum of American Indian history and in addition to that I had a possibility of attending ceremony in Arlington. Mr. president, you have here great democracy, keep it going on. We were. We had a very good discussion with the president. Like you mentioned, our diplomatic relations are 100 years old. During that time we have Dillo developed our cooperation, a lot, not only in official meetings like this, but American and Finnish people. Scientists, for example, meet each other cooperating working together. We have quite a lot of cooperation in Security, section sector, also in defence, because I think that we share the feeling that the most important thing for the nation is to karate security to its citizens, and that is the starting point for Finland. Also to this cooperation. I wanted to take up with the president the importance of transatlantic cooperation. Well, we all know Europe needs USA, but I say that USA needs also Europe. We know the price of everything we should recognize. Also the value of everything we share, the same values, democracy, human rights, rule-based order and in that we are very similar. Europe- has in a way awakened during the couple of last year's to understand also more about security, point of view and I just want to tell you that, in my opinion, the strong Europe we have, the strong partner you have, the Arctic area, you know in ODIs in very North, is becoming more and more interesting. Like the president said we both alongside with six countries from the Arctic Council and we are working heavily. There are surely possibilities like we have heard the maritime routes are being opened. Maybe there are also resources, but there are huge risks. One of them is that we should keep the low tension we are used to have there, and that is what we have been discussing and I do appreciate president's position to emphasize that it is not a place for military but even greater jeez, the environment and I'm. Very glad that we started to talk two years ago in this very house about black coal. It is not maybe the burst which causes climate problems, but it is. Everybody can understand that if plaque comes down to ice and and snow when the Sun meets it, it melts down, and melting sea-ice in Arctic is very crucial. I used to say that if we lose the Arctic, we lose the globe. We had a couple of birds, very important ones, on arms control. We some of us remember the first years of Cold War in 1960s. There was no agreement at all just cold war. We can't let the situation return, no agreement at all about arms control, and that is why it is important to try to negotiate new agreements and to continue the new start agreement. That would be a good new start for for international cooperation. On that to end up with you, mr. president, referred to five key issues: I city as a whole, we are very proud to have the excellence of of center of excellence of hybrid in Helsinki. Usa has been very helpful in that very many countries are working there together to fight against the future danger of hybrid warfare. What comes to to providers in that area? I am NOT very willing to point out any country or company. We are now maybe a bit late from USA in you making a risk assessment. It will be prepared in a one two weeks time and after that we are in a place that we have to choose the tools to protect us. Mr. president, I want to thank you very much for having a possibility of meeting you here. It is very valuable and I found our discussions very open, very interesting and keeping a lot to my little country. Thank you, sir. Before we take questions, something happened. That's been going been going on for many decades and we came to a conclusion. Could I ask ambassador pence to just come up for one second and explain the importance of what just took place, because this has been going on for many many years, and this is ambassador pence, no relationship to our great vice president hard to believe. Nobody believes that, but that's true, but I have been introduced as his father as brother of cousin as uncle. We are friends good afternoon the when I arrived in Helsinki I've been a year and a half ago there were stack of papers on the desk, one of a couple of which concerned indigenous peoples from the southwestern United States, Arizona Colorado, including probably most predominantly, but it's generically I refer to them as Hopi Indians. They were one of the group in 1895. A lot of their remains had been excavated and removed, along with about 500 artifacts to Finland, and there they've remained. Despite a lot of activity to get him back and I'll just jump to the end and say through the good offices of our State Department in particular president nice too, and and his entire team we've secured a mutual agreement whereby all all of those remains, including a number of of petrified bodies, will be going back to to be put back where they were buried. So it's special to us and I think it's probably special to indigenous peoples everywhere around the globe that we're all concerned about paying appropriate respect to those who have departed before us. So thank you. Thank you both of the presidents for supporting this. Thank you. That's a great job. Mr. embarrassed, that's been going on for many many decades, so I just want to thank you sandy John Roberts. Mr. president, Thank You president initiative. If I couldn't sir I've got two pregnant questions to ask you, maybe I could ask them separately to get a fresh answer at the beach one. The three house intelligence, three house committees that are looking into the impeachment inquiry gave notice today that they will be sending a subpoena to the White House for documents and other materials. Will you cooperate with those subpoenas? Well, I always cooperate. This is a hoax. This is the greatest hoax. This is just a continuation of what's been playing out John for the last, since my election, I would say if you want to probably will find out soon, but probably even before my election. This is a fraudulent crime when the American people, but we'll work together with shifty shift and Pelosi and all of them and we'll see what happens because we did absolutely had a great call with the president of Ukraine. It was a hundred percent, you have the transcript and then shift went up and he got, as the chairman of the committee got up and related a call that didn't take place. He made up the language iPod to believe nobody has ever seen. This I think he had some kind of a mental breakdown, but he went up to the microphone and he read a statement from the President of the United States, as if I were on the call, because what happened is when he looked at the sheet, which was an exact transcript of my call done by very talented people that do this exact word for word. He said Wow, he didn't do anything wrong, so he made it up. He went up to a microphone and in front of the American people and in Congress he went out and he he gave a whole presentation of words that the President of the United States never said it has to be a criminal act. It has to be, and he should resign and some people even say it was treason, but it was a very sad thing just so you know the call was perfect. The real call, the call I made many people were on the line. I knew that, because, usually when I speak to foreign country leaders, you can name any one of them, but when I speak on the phone I know that we have many people listening from various intelligence agencies. My knowledge I know all about it, and so this isn't something like oh gee I'm on the line. Let's talk about a big secret. This is many people on the line. I, don't even know how many we'll find out I guess, but many people Mike Pompeo, was on though I didn't say anything he just because they listen for both knowledge and for security reasons and for lots of reasons, but the president of Ukraine at the United Nations the other day and previous to that he announced through his spokesperson said. There was absolutely no pressure put on him. There was no quid pro quo at all and if you look at this whistle blowers, which I have a lot of respectful whistle blows, but only when they're real his report of the phone call was totally different than the fact. But what got them was they never thought? I was going to release the call because I don't like doing that. I don't want to do I, hope, I, don't have to do it again. Release phone calls to foreign dignitaries to foreign leaders. I! Don't want to do that. John I! Don't want to do it again, but I did it. With the permission of the Ukrainian government, we got permission. We called up their representatives and asked them. Would it be ok, otherwise, I couldn't have done it and if I wouldn't have done it, I would have been exposed to a lie because the whistleblower report didn't he say, seven or eight times. I said quid pro quo. In other words, you're gonna. Do this or you're not going to get money now, in all fairness, Buyten said it and he's on tape. In all fairness, you have at least four United States senators Democrats. That said it and they said it a lot stronger than even Schiff and his made-up story said it Obama. When he was dealing with the President of Russia met Putin, he said: hey tell flat. Amir I can do a lot more after the election. You remember that you didn't make a big deal out of that everybody thought always in that cute. Isn't that cute my talk and my response, Lindsey Graham, said I never knew you were that nice I can't believe you were that nice. He said that loud and clear. It was perfect. It was perfect, not a thing wrong with it to impeach a president over a fraud that was committed by other people that want to win an election in 2020, which they won't is incredible. This is the greatest hoax. Now it's gone on for a long time. We had the Muller collusion, delusion. Okay, that went on for years and that's finally done no collusion, no obstruction, no nothing! It was a joke and everyone knows it, and it was from the day one now I get three days of peace and I'm walking into the United Nations gonna meet with the biggest leaders in the world and I hear about the word impeachment. They said what did I do now and it was about a beautiful conversation that I had and just remember this. The Ukrainian new president, a fine man, said: I, don't know what you're talking about. There was no pressure and he said it a number of times. Okay, what's your second question just, but you shouldn't be answering asking two questions. Well, you're gonna want to answer me a favor ask: ask one of the I will finish the one you want to ask John square. Ask one of the finish. President: can I come back to you, because I think you'll want to talk later sure what sounds like it might be. A good question. Let me see if I like the question go ahead. There may be for the first time in three years, I'll have a good question and I love it. There is a report that came out just before you and president Initiative walked out here that the whistleblower met with a staff member of Adam Schiff prime I love that question being filed. It shows that Schiff is a fraud and I I love that question. Thank you. Joe can I finish. Asking yes, there's nothing to finish so so the whistleblower, according to this report, met with a member of staff, adam shifts staff. You've got it right there. You know it I hate to say it's a New, York Times I can't believe they wrote it your response to maybe they're getting better. Your response to the fact that that happened and the shift may have learned some of what the whistleblower knew prior to the complete. It's a scandal that he knew before I go a step further I think he probably helped write it. Okay, that's what the word is and I think it's I give a lot of respect for the New York Times for putting it out just happened as I'm walking up here. They handed it to me and I said to Mike I said whoa, that's something! That's big stuff! That's a big story! He knew long before and he helped write it too. It's a scam! It's a scam! Just to finish on this I appreciate it. I love that second question by the way should have asked at first. But, but let me just tell you, the whole thing is a scam. The Muller deal was a scam. The Russian collusion was a scam. You can ask Putin nobody's been rougher on Russia than Donald Trump. Okay, now with that being said, it'd be great to get along with Russia and we will get along with Russia, because it's smart but nobody's been tougher on Russia than Donald Trump. Okay, s1, please. Yes, president Nene, so good to see you again, you had a conversation with President Trump about 5g and how Nokia finland's big company could fill in that space. You also met with Chinese President Xi during the summer in which you renewed the ties of friendship between the two nations. Do you believe that countries, particularly Western countries, that put Huawei equipment in there 5g cores are at risk of national security? Thank you, like I told already in Europe, the situation is, may be a bit different from that here, because the company you mentioned is inside Europe, partly at least what European Union is now doing is making a risk assessment asking each country what kind of experience? What kind of what you have seen and found out and that will be well finished in week, two or two weeks time and after that we have to decide together in the European Union, which kind of tools we need to protect ourselves. You refer to my discussions with the presidency. We didn't talk about five sheep while meeting and we all know Nokia is a major factor in this area. They will answer for themselves. Thank you please example. It was really nice know this person, fitties I, think they're, all nice and Finland all that Finnish reporters just -, okay, did I wait a minute. Yes and I. Have one question for a president Trump and one question for president kneestr: first, mr. Trump: how will this political storm affect the US foreign policy, especially its relationship with Finland and second for for personal Minister, because this is the biggest issue here at the moment. I have to ask what kind of favors has mr. Trump asked from you or the other way around you mean what favours I asked storm I. Think you mean the other way around both ways: okay, so the political storm I've lived with it from the day, I got elected, I've done more, and this administration has done more than any administration and the history of this country in the first two and a half years, I'm used to it. For me, it's like putting on a suit in the morning. People have said to me: how does he handle it? Rush limbaugh said I, don't know if any man in America that could handle it. Sean Hannity said the same thing. Others have said the same thing: I, don't know any man in America, because it's all a fraud and because of that and because I know that I'm right and because I'm doing a great job for the American people, I'm very, very happy living the way. I'm living I thought that I would finish off the first term without the threat of people making false claims. But this one turned out to be incredible all because they didn't know that I had a transcript done by very, very talented people, word-for-word, comma 4, comma done by people that do it for a living. We had an exact transcript and when we produced that transcript, they died because you look at the whistleblower statement and it's vicious vicious and that whistleblower there's no question in my mind that some bad things have gone on and I think we'll get to the bottom of it. I think it's going to be a total reversal, but I've lived with this I've lived with this cloud now for almost three years more than that, because it probably started even before and I think nobody has done what I've done when you look at tax cuts and regulation cuts and rebuilding our military and right to try right to try. That means people that are terminally ill and very sick. Have the right to use our medicines are great medicines because we're so far ahead of every other country. So many things that we've done our vets are now taking care of. We got choice. Nobody thought we could ever get choice. That's when you have to wait on line as a vet. You go outside you get a doctor. We pay the bill. You don't have to wait for three weeks to see a doctor of your event. We cherish our vets. At least this administration does, but for many years they didn't but I take care of the vets. No administration is done and I've lived with it from the day. I got elected, so I'm just fine with it. Ok, yes, we had a conversation and discussion when a very equal basis, which is I, really appreciate that well, I had one request specifically I wanted the president to take more notice on transatlantic relations, because I consider it's useful both for USA and Europe. While we were discussing also trading I told the president that the big purchase we are doing on fighters will be finished in two years time. We have five different candidates, three from Europe and two from United States. He also that ours is best Jeff go ahead. Thank you, sir Jeff Mason from Reuters. Mr. president, I'd like to ask you about your use of the word treason, you used it repeatedly in the last few days. Do you consider anyone who opposes you, geminus, no I, consider when they lie when they stand, stand before our great body in our great chamber, and they make up a story. That's fiction, like shifted. He took that perfect conversation I had with the Ukrainian president and he made it into a total lie. It was a total fabrication and you do admit that it was a total fabrication. He said this is what and the only ones that don't like my conversation are the ones that never read it, but they heard shifty chef, that's what I call a lie and because of the fact that he's he's lying about the President of the United States and as to what the president says, you know, I, believe it or not. I watch my words very carefully. There are those that think I'm a very stable genius. Okay, I watch my words very very closely and to have somebody get up and to totally fabricate a conversation that I had with another leader and make it sound so bad. It was so evil and now I see this that just came out minutes ago, where he met at a time that was impossible to have done. Unless this corruption involved and just you know, we've been investigating on a personal basis through Rudy and others, lawyers, corruption in the 2016 election. We investigating corruption, because I probably will I was going to definitely but I probably will be bringing a lot of litigation against a lot of people having to do with the corrupt investigation having to do with the 2016 election and I have every right to do that, because the way they've treated me and other people they've destroyed people they've destroyed their lives with a phony charge that never existed, and that was collusion, never existed and you had 18 people that hated Donald Trump and you had Bob Muller that hated Donald Trump and in the end they couldn't find one damn thing: I could find it on you. They couldn't find one thing about Donald Trump having to do with collusion. This is after two years and spending forty two million dollars and I've been looking at that long and hard for a long period of time how it started why it started. It should never happen to another president. Ever but I've been talking about it from the standpoint of bringing a major lawsuit and I've been talking about her. For a long time, we've been investigating the corruption having to do with what they did to my people. They destroyed many of people, many people they came down to Washington to do a great job and they left home. They left Washington dark. They were dark, they came down here, I, say bright-eyed and bushy-tailed. They wanted to do a great job for the people. They wanted to do a great job. We won the election and then they get served with subpoenas all these subpoenas. Now look at Nancy, Pelosi, Nancy, Pelosi, hands out subpoenas like you know she has to approve it. She hands out subpoenas like their cookies. You want a subpoena here. You go. Take him like their cookies, Paul Ryan. Would never give anybody a subpoena. He wouldn't give him when Mark Meadows went in to talk. He wouldn't give him when Jim Jordan went in when Devin Nunez he would go in and then see, Paul I'm, not saying wrong or right, but Paul Ryan. No, let's talk about it. That's a big thing to give a subpoena. Let's talk about it, two weeks later, they're still talking, they wanted subpoenas to investigate the corrupt Democrats and the corrupt people. On the other side, Paul Ryan would not give subpoenas Nancy Pelosi. Here you go, take it who wants a subpoena every day you get subpoenas and Paul Ryan was actually right, probably because they should never ever allow a thing like this to happen to our country again. Thank you very much, please. Mr. president, can you just make clear right here? What do you or what did you want President zalenski to do with regard to Joe and hunter Biden? If you look at what he said, okay and he brought it up, I think he brought up the name Rudy Giuliani. What I want is the following and I've said this loud and clear. We have our ambassadors here. We have Mike Pence here. Why are we the only ones that give the big money to the Ukraine? We give money to Ukraine and it's bothered me from day one, and you have plenty of people just here. I say how come it's always the United States that gets ripped frankly Ukraine. We want to help them and I do like the new president. You know why I like him, because it was honest because he said there was no pressure at all exerted on me, meaning him by the President of the United States. She said it by the way that one sentence should stop this, but he said there was no pressure exerted, but you don't have to ask him. All you have to do is read the transcript, read the telephone call, but what I was having a problem with the two things number one Ukraine is know before him for tremendous corruption, tremendous more than just about any country in the world. In fact, they raided one of the most corrupt countries in the world and I, don't like giving money to a country. That's that corrupt number. Two! You don't like I said. Excuse me number two I said the following and I said this loud and clear to everybody and in fact, Rob Portman backed me up and there's nobody more honorable than Rob Portman of Ohio, because he called up. Please let the money go. I said Rob, I hate being the country, that's always giving money when Ukraine helps Europe and the European countries, far more than they help us they're like a wall between Russia Europe there like a wall there, a big wide beautiful wall, and he said you know what, but it's important and he in fact he came out, and he said that this was my only reason because I don't like being the sucker country. We were the sucker country for years and years, we're not the sucker country anymore, but I gave the money, because Rob Portman and others called me and asked, but I don't like to be the sucker in European countries are helped far more than we are, and those countries should pay more to help. Ukraine ask a question. Thank you, sir look Biden and his son, our stone called crooked and you know it his son walks out with millions of dollars. The kid knows: nothing, you know it, and so do we go ahead. Ask the question the question. Sir, was: what did you want, president Solinsky, to do about president vice-president Biden and his son hunter yeah? It was just a follow-up of what I just asked you, sir. We have the president of Finland. Ask him a question. I have one for him: I just wanted to follow up on the one that I asked you which did you hear, but if you want you hear me, yes ask him a question. I will but my Avenue a long answer. Ask this gentleman a question: don't be rude. No sir I don't want to be rude. I just wanted you to have a chance to answer the question that I asked everything. It's a whole hoax and you know who's playing into the hoax people, like you and the fake news media that we have in this country and I say in many cases the corrupt media, because you corrupt much of the media. In this country is not just fake, it's corrupt and you have some very fine people, two great journalists, great reporters, but it to a large extent it's corrupt and it's fake. Ask the president of Finland to question place: okay, I'll move on now. Mr. president, in your opening remarks, you said to President Trump that you had been to some museums today and that you respected the US democracy and encouraged him to continue. It are you concerned that that's not happening, and my second question to you, sir, is the WTO rule today in favor of the United States, saying that the United States can now impose tariffs on your peon Goods because of illegal subsidies against Airbus. It was a big win for the United States right it was. You never had wins with other presidents. Did you but we're having a lot of wins at the WTO space that started I, think 10 or 15 years ago? Excuse me it Windsor now, because they think I don't like the WTO, and they want to make sure I'm happy, because all of those countries were ripping off the United States for many years. They know that I'm wise to it we've had a lot of wins. This was a 7 billion dollar win, not bad, but I think the Chinese form. The question, sir, is if you're concerned that the president will impose those tariffs and the effect that that may have on the economy. Yes, first of all, men are a third to your democracy. I just wanted to tell that I'm impressed what American people have gained during these decades, hundreds of years building up very impressive democracy, so keep it going on to w-t. Oh I have a lot of respect to multilateralism and to international institutions. So WTO has given now a decision which is well quite tough, with Europe, but I. Just say that the WTO has said its opinion and that's that I just want to finish by saying it's an honor to be with the president of Finland he's done a fantastic job, very popular beloved over in Finland. The WTO has been much better to us since I've been president because they understand they can't get away with what they've been getting away with for so many years, which is ripping off the United States, and please remember the president's last remarks that we are a great democracy. We are a great the United States is a great democracy and I'm airing. What I'm airing, because we are, in fact a democracy, and if the press were straight and honest and forthright and tough, we would be a far greater nation. We would be a far greater when we don't have the cnn's of the world who are corrupt people. Thank you very much. Everybody yep.