Last night the United States brought the world's number-one terrorist leader to justice. Abu Bakar al Baghdadi is dead. He was the founder and leader of Isis, the most ruthless and violent terror organization anywhere in the world. The United States has been searching for Baghdadi for many years. Capturing or killing Baghdadi has been the top national security priority of my administration, US Special Operations Forces executed a dangerous and daring nighttime raid in northwestern Syria and accomplished their mission and grand style. The u.s. personnel were incredible. I got to watch much of it. No personnel were lost in the operation, while a large number of Baghdadi's fighters and companions were killed with him. He died after running into a dead-end tunnel whimpering and crying and screaming all the way the compound had been cleared by this time with people either surrendering or being shot and killed. 11 young children were moved out of the house and are uninjured. The only ones remaining were Baghdady in the tunnel, and he had dragged three of his young children with him. They were led to certain death. He reached the end of the tunnel, as our dogs chased him down. He ignited his vest killing himself and the three children his body was mutilated by the blast. The tunnel had caved in. In addition, but test results gave certain immediate and totally positive identification. It was him the thug who tried so hard to intimidate others spent his last moments in utter fear, in total panic and dread, terrified of the American forces bearing down on him. We were in the compound for approximately two hours and after the mission was accomplished. We took highly sensitive material and information from the raid much having to do with Isis origins, future plans, things that we very much want. Baghdadi's demise demonstrates America's, relentless pursuit of terrorist leaders and our commitment to the enduring and total defeat of Isis and other terrorist organizations. Our reach is very long. As you know. Last month we announced that we recently killed Hamza bin Laden, the very violent son of Osama bin Laden, who was saying very bad things about people about our country about the world. He was the heir apparent to al-qaeda terrorists who oppress and murder innocent people should never sleep soundly, knowing that we will completely destroy them. These savage monsters will not escape their fate and they will not escape the final judgment of God. Baghdady has been on the run for many years long before I took office, but in my direction as commander-in-chief of the United States, we obliterated his Caliphate 100% in March of this year. Today's events are another reminder that we will continue to pursue the remaining Isis terrorists to their brutal end. That also goes for other terrorist organizations. They are likewise in our sights Baghdady and the losers who worked for him and losers. They are. They had no idea what they were getting into. In some cases they were very frightened puppies. In other cases, they were hardcore killers, but they killed many many people, their murder of innocent Americans, james foley, steven sotloff, peter kassig and kayla mueller were especially heinous. The shocking publicized murder of Jordanian pilot, a wonderful young man, spoke to the king of Jordan. They all knew him, they all loved. He was burned alive in a cage for all to see on the execution of Christians in Libya and Egypt, as well as the genocide or mass murder of Yazidis, ranked Isis among the most depraved organizations, the history of our world, the forced religious conversions, the orange suits prior to so many beheadings, all of which were openly displayed for the world to see this was all that Abu Bakar al bagatti. This is what he wanted. This is what he was proud of. He was a sick and depraved man and now he's gone. Baghdadi was vicious and violent and he died in a vicious and violent way as a coward, running and crying. This raid was impeccable and could only have taken place with the acknowledgment and help of certain other nations and people I want to thank the nations of Russia, Turkey, Syria and Iraq, and I also want to thank the Syrian Kurds for certain support. They were able to give us. This was a very, very dangerous mission. Thank you as well to the great intelligence professionals who helped make this very successful journey possible. I want to thank these soldiers and sailors. Airmen and Marines involved at last night's operation. You are the very best there is anywhere in the world. No matter where you go, there is nobody even close. I want to thank general mark Milley and our Joint Chiefs of Staff and I also want to thank our professionals who work in other agencies of the United States government and were critical to the missions. Unbelievable success. Last night was a great night for the United States and for the world a brutal killer, one who has caused so much hardship and death has violently been eliminated. He will never again harm another innocent man, woman or child. He died like a dog. He died like a coward. The world is now a much safer place. God bless america. Thank you. We've had him under surveillance for a couple of weeks who he knew a little bit about where he was going where he was heading. We had very good information that he was going to another location. He didn't go, two or three efforts were cancelled because he decided to change his mind, constantly changing his mind. And finally, we saw that he was here held up here. We knew something about the compound. We knew it had tunnels, the tunnels were dead-end for the most part, there was one we think that wasn't, but we had that covered too, just in case the level of intelligence. The level of work was pretty amazing when we landed with eight helicopters, a large crew of brilliant fighters ran out of those helicopters and blew holes into the side of the building, not wanting to go through the main door, because that was booby-trapped, and there was something there was something really amazing to see. I got to watch it along with general Milley vice-president pence, others in the Situation Room, and we watched it so clearly. I, don't want to say how, but we had absolutely perfect as though you were watching a movie. It was that that in it, the technology there alone is is really great. A big part of the trip that was of great danger was the it was approximately an hour and 10 minutes flight and we're flying over very, very dangerous territory. In fact, some of our leaders said that that could be the most dangerous flying in and flying out, and that's why last night we were so quiet about it. We didn't say anything and I didn't make my remark until after they had landed safely in a certain area, but the the flight end, the flight out was a very, very dangerous part. There was a chance that would have met unbelievable fire, Russia treated us great. They opened up, we had to fly over certain Russia areas, Russia held areas, Russia was great, Iraq was excellent. We really had great cooperation and you have to understand. They didn't know what we were doing and where we were going exactly, but the Isis fighters are hated as much by Russia and some of these other countries as they are by us, and that's why I say they should start doing a lot of the fighting now and they'll, be able to I, really believe they'll be able to yes Jennifer. They gave us not a military role at all, but they gave us some information that turned out to be helpful. The Kurds Turkey we dealt with them. They know we were going in, we flew over some territory, they were terrific, no problem, they were not problem, you know they could start shooting and then we will take them out, but a lot of bad things can happen. Plus it was a very secret mission. We flew very, very low and very very fast, but it was a big. It was a very dangerous part of the mission getting in and getting out to equal. We went in identical, we took an identical route, we met with gunfire coming in, but it was local gunfire that gunfire was immediately terminated. These people are amazing. They had the gunfire terminated immediately, meaning they were shot from. The airships understand the timing of wind. Well, from the first day, I came to office and now we're getting close to three years. I would say: where is al-baghdadi I want al-baghdadi and we would kill terrorist leaders, but there were names. I never heard of there were names that weren't recognizable and they weren't the big names, some good ones, some important ones, but they weren't the big names I kept saying: where's el Baghdady and a couple of weeks ago they were able to scope him out. You know these people are very smart they're not into the use of cellphones anymore they're, not they're, very technically, brilliant. You know they use the internet better than almost anybody in the world, perhaps other than Donald Trump, but they use the Internet incredibly well, and what they've done with the internet through recruiting and everything? And that's why he died like a dog. He died like a coward. He was whimpering screaming and crying and frankly, I think it's something that should be brought out so that his followers and all of these young kids that want to leave various countries, including the United States. They should see how he died. He didn't die a hero. He died a coward crying whimpering screaming and bringing three kids with him to die certain death and he knew the tunnel had no end. I mean it was a. It was. A closed closed ended, a code, a closed end tunnel, not a good place to be I've, been looking for him for three years, I've been looking for him. I started getting some very positive feedback about a month ago, and we had some incredible intelligence officials that did a great job. That's what they should be focused on this operation started two weeks ago in terms of the real operation, because we had him scoped, we thought he'd be in a certain location. He was things started, checking out very well. We were involved on our own team with some brilliant people who I've gotten to know brilliant people that love our country highly intelligent people, and we we've had it pretty well scoped out for a couple of weeks, but he tends to change immediately. He had a lot of cash. He tends to change like on a dime where he'll be going to a certain location, all of a sudden he'll go someplace else and you'll have to cancel, but this was one where we knew he was there and you can never be a hundred percent sure because you're basing it on technology. More than anything else, but we thought he was there and then we got a confirmation and when we went in they were greeted with a lot of fire power. A lot of fire power. I'll tell you these guys. They do a job, they are so brave and so good and so importantly, many of his people were killed and we'll announce the exact number over the next 24 hours, but many were killed. We lost nobody. Think of that. It's incredible our dog was hurt. Actually the the canine was hurt, went into the tunnel, but we lost nobody. I'm fly over there's the area they controlled. What did you? You spoke to the Russians, we told them we're coming in and they said thank you for telling us they were very good. No, they did not know why we did tell them. We think you're gonna be very happy because you know again they hate Isis as much as we do. You know what Isis has done to Russia. So no, we did not tell they did not know the mission, but they knew we were going over an area that they had. They had a lot of firepower. We notified some others are being notified. Now, as I speak, we were going to notify them last night, but we decided not to do that, because Washington leaks, like I've, never seen before. There's nothing. There's no country in the world that leaks. What like we do and Washington is a leaking machine and I told my people. We will not notify them until the our great people are out not just in but out I don't want to have them greeted with firepower, like you wouldn't believe so we were able to get in. It was top-secret, it was kept. There were no leaks, no nothing! The only people that knew with a few people that I dealt with and again mark Milley and the Joint Chiefs of Staff were incredible. We had some tremendous backup, robert o'brien secretary, Esper secretary Pompeo, the pence. I told you he was great. We there's a very small group of people that knew about this. We had very, very few people. We a leak. A leak could have cost the death of all of them now they're, so good. That I think nothing was going to stop him anyway. You want to know the truth. That's how good they were. We had them, also surrounded by massive air power up in the air yesterday, surrounded at very high levels, we'll very low. We had tremendous air power saw this from the sit room who were you with in the sit room when you watch secretary Esper, a few of the Joint Chiefs mark Milley, some generals, we had some very great military people in that room and we had some great intelligence people, robert o'brien. It's really good right sure, it's a great question and you're doing a great job. By the way your network is fantastic, they're really doing a great job. Please let them know know the the pullout had nothing to do with this. In fact, we found this out at a similar time. It's very good question because we found this out at a similar time, no we're after these leaders, and we have others in sight very bad ones, but this was the big one. This is the biggest one, perhaps that we've ever captured, because this is the one that built Isis and beyond and was looking to rebuild it again very, very strongly looking to build it again. That's why he went to this province this way he went to this area. You know a lot of people. I was watching this morning and hearing, and they said why was he there? People were so surprised. Well, that's where he was trying to rebuild from, because that was the place that made most sense if you're looking to rebuild yeah, so I said that right after I knew they had landed safely renamed returned, and that was to notify you guys that you have something big this morning, so you wouldn't be out playing golf or tennis or otherwise, being indisposed I'd rather not say, but we landed in a very friendly port in a friendly country. Give you any pause about your decision to withdraw no I, think it's great look. We don't want to keep soldiers between Syria and Turkey for the next 200 years. They've been fighting for hundreds of years we're out, but we are leaving soldiers to secure the oil and we may have to fight for the oil. It's ok. Maybe somebody else wants to go which case they have a hell of a fight, but there's massive amounts of oil and we're securing it for a couple of reasons, number one: it stops Isis, because Isis got tremendous wealth from that oil. We have taken it, it's secure number. Two and again, somebody else may claim it, but either we'll negotiate a deal with whoever's claiming it. If we think it's fair or we will militarily stop them very quickly. We have tremendous power in that part of the world we have. You know the airport is right nearby, a very big, very monstrous, very, very powerful, Airport and very expensive Airport. That was built years ago, we're in there for we're in that Middle East. Now fair, eight trillion dollars, so we don't want to be keeping Syria and Turkey they're gonna have to make their own decision. The Kurds have worked along. Incredibly with us, but in all fairness it was much easier dealing with the Kurds after they went through three days of fighting, because that was a brutal three days and if we would have said to the Kurds hey, do you mind moving over seven miles, because you know they were in the middle mostly, so you have seven or eight miles. Could you mind moving over because I have to say: Turkey has taken tremendous deaths from that part of the world. You know we call it a safe zone, but it was anything but a safe zone. Turkey was thousands and thousands of people from that safe zone, so they've always wanted that safe zone for many years, I'm glad I was able to help them get it, but we don't want to be there. We want to be home, I want our soldiers, home or fighting something. That's meaningful, I'll tell you who loves us being there Russia and China, because while they built their military with depleting our military there, so Russia loves us being there now Russia likes us being there for two reasons, because we kill Isis, we kill terrorists and they're. Very close to Russia we're 8,000 miles away now, maybe they can get here, but we've done very well with Homeland Security and the ban which, by the way, is approved by the United States Supreme Court. As you know, you know there was a reporter. That said, we lost the case and he was right in the early court. He refuted to say just refused to say that we won the case in the Supreme Court, so you know, but we have a very effective ban and it's very hard for people to come to our country, but it's many thousands of miles away, whereas Russia's right there turkeys right there Syria is there they're all right there. Excuse me: Iran is right. There Iraq is right there, they all hate Isis. So we don't. You know in theory. They should do something and I'll give you something else. The European nations have been a tremendous disappointment because I personally called, but my people called a lot, take your Isis fighters and they didn't want them. They said we don't want them. They came from France, they came from Germany, they came from the UK. They came from a lot of countries and I actually said to them: you don't take them. I'm gonna drop them right on your border and you can have fun capturing them again, but the United States taxpayer is not gonna pay for the next 50 years. You see what Guantanamo costs we're not gonna pay tens of billions of dollars, because we were good enough to capture people that want to go back to Germany, France, UK and other parts of Europe, and they can walk back. They can't walk to our country. We have to water in between our country and them. So yep, though you mention that you've met some gotten to know some brilliant people along this process, who helped provide information and and and advice along the way. Is there anyone in particular? Or would you like to give anyone credit for getting to this point today? Well, I I would! But if I mentioned one I have to mention so many I spoke to Senator Richard burr this morning and, as you know, he's very involved with intelligence and the committee and he's a great gentleman. I spoke with Lindsey Graham. Just a little while ago, in fact, Lindsey Graham is right over here and he's been very much involved in the subject and he's he's a very strong Hawk, but I think Lindsey agrees with what we're doing now and again. There are plenty of other countries that can help them patrol I. Don't want to leave a thousand or 2,000 or 3,000 soldiers on the border, but where Lindsey and I totally agree is the oil the oil is, you know so valuable for many reasons. It fuelled Isis number one number two: it helps the Kurds because it's basically been taken away from the Kurds. They were able to live with that oil and number three. It can help us because we should be able to take some also and what I intend to do perhaps is make a deal with an ExxonMobil or one of our great companies to go in there and do it properly right now. It's not big. It's big oil underground, but it's not big oil up top, so much of the machiner has been shot and dead. It's been through Wars, but and and spread out the wealth, but no we're protecting the oil we're securing the oil. Now that doesn't mean we don't make a deal at some point, but I don't want to be there fighting for a thousand years, they're fighting for centuries. I want to bring our soldiers back home, but I do want to secure the oil. If you read about the history of Donald, Trump I was a civilian I had absolutely nothing to do with going into Iraq and I was totally against it, but I always used to say if they're going to go in. Nobody cared that much, but it got written about if they're going to go and I'm sure you've heard the statement, because I met him when any human being alive. If they're going into Iraq keep the oil they never did, they never did I know Lindsey Graham at a bill where, basically, we would have been paid back for all of the billions of dollars that we've spent many many billions of dollars. I mean I hate to say it. It's actually trillions of dollars, but many many billions of dollars and by one vote they were unable to get that approved in the Senate. They had some pretty big opposition from people that shouldn't have opposed like a president and they weren't able, if you did that Iraq, would be a much different story today, because they would be owing us a lot of money. They would be treating us much differently, but I will say. Iraq was very good. With respect to the raid last night, we thought for three days. This is what was going to happen. It was actually look, nobody was even hurt, Arcanine as they call I call it a dog, a beautiful dog, a talented dog was injured and brought back, but we had no soldier injured and they did a lot of shooting and they did a lot of blasting, even not going through the front door. You know you think you go through the door if you're a normal person, you say, knock, knock may I come in. The fact is that they blasted their way into the house in a very heavy wall and it took them literally seconds by the time those things went off. They had a beautiful big hole and they ran in and they got everybody by surprise, unbelievably brilliant, as fighters I, don't I can't imagine there could be anybody better and these, as you know, our our top operations people, they had bad health for sometime indication that well we don't know that, but he was the last one out and his people had either been killed, which there were many or gave up and came out because, with the eleven children that came out, we were able to do that. We don't know if they were his children. They might have been, but, as I said, three died in the tunnel and the tunnel collapsed with the explosion, but but you had other fighters coming out, also and they're being brought back they're being there right now we have them imprisoned, well, I started at five o'clock. We were pretty much gathered at five o'clock yesterday. We were in contact all day long through, hopefully secure phones, I'll. Let you know tomorrow, but nothing seemed to leak, so I guess they were secure for a change, but we gathered more or less at 5:00. The attack started moments after that. The the liftoff started moments after that again, the the element of attack that they were most afraid of was getting from our base into that compound, because this tremendous firepower that we were you know flying over and I won't go into it. But you had a very big Russian presence in one area. You had a Turkish presence, you had a Syrian presence and you're flying low, it's very dangerous and there were shots made, but we think these were people that were shooting that were indiscriminately shooting the helicopters took some shots, but we think that these were people that were just random people that don't like to see helicopters, I guess so that's another part of the genius of these people. They brought his. They have his DNA more of it than they want, even and they brought it with them with lab technicians who were with them, and they assumed that this was Baghdadi. They thought visually. It was him, but they assumed it was him and they did a site, an on-site test. They got samples and to get to his body, they had to remove a lot of debris because the tunnel had collapsed, but these people are very good at that and and they as I said they brought body parts back with them etcetera. It said there wasn't much left the the the vest blew up, but there are still substantial pieces that they brought back. So they did an on-site test because we had to know this and it was a very quick call that took place about 15 minutes after he was killed and it was positive. It was it's. This is a confirmation, sir. So there are two women. There were two women, both wives, both wearing vests. They had not detonated, but the fact that they were dead and they had vests on made it very difficult for our men because they had vests on and it made it very difficult for our men because you never know what's going to happen, they're lying they're dead, they never detonated, but they were dead. We know these successors and we've already got them in our sights and we'll tell you that right now, but we know the successors hamsa bin Laden was a big thing, but this is the biggest there is. This is the worst ever Osama bin Laden was very big, but Osama bin Laden became big with the World Trade Center. This is a man who built a hole as he would like to call it a country, a caliphate and was trying to do it again and I had not heard too much about his health I've heard stories about. He may not have been in good health, but he died a. He died in a ruthless vicious manner. That I can tell you. Yes, we have people that were taken. We have many of the people died on the site, but we have people that were taken yes and and the children we are. We left them under care of somebody that we understand you believe it 11 children, 11 children, how many adults I'd rather not say I'd, leave that to the generals, but a small group more dead than alive involved, which Special Operations teams were involved, many of them and at the top level and people that were truly incredible at their craft I've, never seen anything like it. His first partnerships codes were there any other forces involved, or was there only American troops and only American forces with you only American forces, but we were given great cooperation. Did the US rely? We told the Russians were coming in because we had to go over them and they were curious. But but we said we're coming. We said one way: they you look what coming, but they were very cooperative. They really were good and we did say it would be a mission that they'd like to, because you know again, they hate Isis as much as we do for Intel purposes was learning. Was there an important Intel that proved useful along the way in this operation? So we had our own Intel. We got very little help. We didn't need very much help. We have some incredible people when we use our intelligence correctly. What we can do is incredible when we waste our time with intelligence that hurts our country, because we had poor leadership at the top. That's not good, but I've gotten to know many of the Intel people and I will say that they are spectacular. Now they're not gonna, want to talk about it. They want to keep it quiet. The last thing they want, because these are these are great Patriots, but the people that I've been dealing with are incredible. People and it's really a deserving named intelligence. I've dealt with some people that aren't very intelligent having to do with Intel. But this is the top people and it was incredible. It was flawless and it was very complicated, but so I do appreciate Russia, Turkey, Iraq and Syria to an extent, because you know we're flying into Syria a lot of Syrian people with lots of guns. So we had good cover for probably the most dangerous part. It would not sound -. You know when you fly in it doesn't sound like that would be the most dangerous when you're going into shooting nests and all of the things that happened once they broke into that pretty powerful compound. That was a very strong compound and, as I said, had tunnels, but the most dangerous part. We had great cooperation with yes, ma'am, no I didn't I. Didn't I didn't do that. I wanted to make sure this kept secret. I don't want to have men lost and women I don't want to have people lost I, don't know if they'll want to have their faces shown. To be honest with you, you know they want a very credible for the country they're not looking for public relations, but they love doing what they're doing I've seen it first. Lady was out there recently looking at what they do. She came back. She said: wow I've, never seen anything like that. The training you know all of the training and and the power of the people, the men and women, the strength, the physical strength, the mental strength. These are incredible people. These are very unique individuals. Did you hear that on your video hookup bitch into the whimpering of a bad day, I don't want to talk about it, but he was screaming crying and whimpering and he was scared out of his mind and think of James Foley, think of Kayla. Think of the things he did to Kayla what he did to Foley and so many others and for those people that say: oh, isn't this a little violent? Think of how many times have you seen men I think in all cases, men for the most part, but in terms of this will you see the orange suits and you see the ocean and they beheaded or how many of you got to see because it was out there the Jordanian pilot, whose plane went down they captured him. They put him in a cage and they set him on fire and the king of Jordan actually attacked very powerfully when that happened. They've never seen a thing like that, but he set him on fire. This was al Baghdadi and you should never ever hopefully see a thing like that again now, there'll be new people emerge, but this was the worst of this particular world. This was the worst, probably in certain ways, the smartest he was also a coward and he didn't want to die, but think of it. Everybody was out and we were able to search him down and find him in the tunnel. We knew the tunnel existed and that's where he was well. I, don't have a Syria Polat I. Just don't want to guard Turkey in Syria for the rest of our lives. I mean I, don't want to do it. It's very expensive. It's very dangerous they've been fighting for centuries. I, don't want to have my people 2,000 men and women, or a thousand or 28. We had 28 guard I said I, don't want them there anyway. I don't want them now. I will secure the oil that happens to be in a certain part, but that's tremendous money involved. I would love to you know the oil and I mean I'll. Tell you a story in Iraq, so they spent President. Bush went in I strongly disagreed with it, even though it wasn't my expertise at the time, but I had a I have a very good instinct about things they went in and I said. That's a tremendous mistake and there were no weapons of mass destruction. It turned out. I was right, I was right for other reasons, but it turned out on top of everything else. They had no weapons of mass destruction, because that would be a reason to go in, but they had none. But I heard recently that Iraq over the last number of years actually discriminates against America in oil leases, in other words, some oil companies from other countries. After all, we've done have an advantage in Iraq for the oil I said: keep the oil give them what they need, keep the oil. Why should we we go in? We lose thousands of lives, spend trillions of dollars and our companies don't even have an advantage in getting the oil leases. So I just tell you that story. That's what I heard you talked a little bit about that and I saw your new counterterrorism director out in the hallway. What was their role within it? Yes, everybody Gina was great. Everybody played a role. Joe was great. Gina was great, they were all we were. Looking at. This look as I said: Steve I've been looking at this I'm here. Almost three years, I've been looking at this for three years. They'd come in sir. We have somebody under I said: I, don't want somebody I want I'll beg daddy, that's the one I want they say. Well, we have somebody else. I said that's great fine. Take him out, but I want it. L beg daddy, that's who I want I, don't want other people and then I also wanted Hamza bin Laden, because he's a young man around 30 looks just like his father tall, very handsome, and he was talking bad things. Just like his father. You know. If you read my book, there was a book just before the World, Trade Center came down and I don't get any credit for this, but that's okay, I never do. But here we are I, wrote a book, a really very successful book and in that book, about a year before the World Trade Center was blown up. I said there is somebody named Osama bin Laden, you better, kill him or take him out something to that effect. He's big trouble now I wasn't in government, I was building buildings and doing what I did, but I've always found it fascinating. But I saw this man tall, handsome, very charismatic, making horrible statements about wanting to destroy our country and I'm writing a book and he got wrote. 12 books all did very well and I'm writing a book. World Trade Center had not come down. I think it was about if your check was about a year before the World Trade Center came down and I'm saying to people take out Osama bin Laden that nobody ever heard of nobody ever heard of I mean al Baghdady. Everybody hears cuz he's built this monster for a long time, but nobody ever heard of Osama bin Laden until really the World Trade Center, but about a year you'll have to check it. A year year-and-a-half before the World Trade Center Kendra, the book came out. I was talking about Osama bin Laden I said you have to kill him. You have to take him out. Nobody listen to me and, to this day, I get people coming up to me. They said you know what one of the most amazing things I've ever seen about. You is that you predicted that Osama bin Laden had to be killed before he knocked down the World Trade Center, it's true now. Most of the press doesn't want to write that, but you know, but it is true. If you go back, look at my book, I think it was the America we deserve. I made a prediction and I: let's put it this way, if they would have listened to me, a lot of things would have been different about some of the difficult decisions you had along the way here in this operation. With anything that weighed on you or that you had that well just death I mean you know, I'm, sending a large number of brilliant fighters. These are the greatest fighters in the world I'd. Rather let the generals tell you but a large number. We had eight helicopters and we had many other ships and planes. It was a large group and again this is a large group heading over very, very strong firepower areas where that was decision. One will they make it and they made it, but they took fire, but they made it they didn't take. We don't believe again. It was nation fire. We believe it was individual group fire or gang fire as they call it, so they made it. So that was a big relief. Then they went in they blasted their way in you've heard they blasted their way and so quickly. It was incredible because his building was quite powerful, strong they blasted their way in and then all hell broke loose. It's incredible that nobody was killed or hurt. We had nobody even hurt and that's why the dog so great. We actually had a robot to go in the tunnel, but we didn't get it because we were tracking him very closely, but we had a robot just in case, because we were afraid he had a suicide vest on and if you get close to him and he blows it up, you're gonna die you're gonna die, he had a very powerful suicide rise decisions. In the moment, wild troops were on the ground. No, they had it just incredible. We were getting full reports on literally a minute-by-minute basis. Sir we just broke in sir. The wall is down, sir. You know: we've captured sir - people are coming out right now: hands up fighters, then the eleven children out numerous people were dead within the building that they killed. Then it turned out they. They gave us a report, sir there's only one person in the building. We are sure he's in the tunnel trying to escape, but it's a dead turtle and it was brutal, but it was over and, as I said, when he blew himself up, the tunnel collapsed on top of him on top of everything and his children I mean so he let his three children to death. So you know robot was set -, but we didn't hook it up because we were -, they were moving too fast. We were moving fast. We weren't a hundred percent sure about the tunnel being dead, ended it's possible that they could have been an escape hatch somewhere along that we didn't know about. So we move very, very quickly. I mean these people. They were moving, they were chasing yeah, they were chasing but again because the suicide vest you can't get too close again. One of the reasons with the wives is if they have a suicide vest. You know we have to be very, very careful. These vests are brutal brutal and they go for a long distance. Yes, please have you spoken, or will you speak to families like the Foley family, I'm, calling the families now? It will be a pleasure to do that. The Foley family who I know will be calling Kayla's family. What what he did to her was incredible. It's a well-known story and I'm not going to say it, but you know that he kept her in captivity for a long period of time. He kept her in his captivity his personal captivity. She was a beautiful woman, beautiful young woman helped people. She was there to help people and he saw her and he thought she was beautiful and he brought her into captivity for a long period of time and then he killed her. He was an animal and he was a gutless animal. Thank you. All very much I appreciate this very great day for our country yeah. This is the primary audio circuit for the Reuters lives. This is the primary audio circuit for the Reuters lives. This is the primary you.