And I'm pleased to report that in Syria Turkey the border, we only had 28 soldiers, not 50. We thought it was 50, somebody reported 50, it was actually down to 28, they were removed a while ago. All American soldiers are away from the site. Syria and Turkey may fight serious friendly with the Kurds. The Kurds are very well protected, plus they know how to fight and by the way, they're no angels, but they were with us. There are no angels, but they are fighting. We are largely out of that area. We're very well set. We have quite a contingent right nearby of soldiers and of the finest equipment in the world. I, don't think we'll have to use it. So Syria is even negotiating with or talking to Turkey we're also talking to Turkey. We put massive sanctions on Turkey sanctions work frankly, better than fighting, certainly when you're down to 28 people, we're not gonna, be fighting, we don't want to fight anyway, I, don't think, there's any reason to from the United States standpoint. Now it's to Syria wanting to take back their land. That's a whole different story of Syria wants to fight for their land, that's up to Turkey and Syria, as it has been for hundreds of years, they've been fighting and the Kurds have been fighting for hundreds of years that whole mess it's been going along for a long time. Syria may have some help with Russia and that's fine. It's a lot of sand. They've got a lot of sand over there, so there's a lot of saying that they can play with, but we were supposed to be there for 30 days. We stayed for 10 years and it's time for us to come home, we're not a policing agent and it's time for us to come home, but we're working with Turkey we're working with talking to everybody of the area, whatever we can do to keep it stable or stabilize it as much as possible, knowing that it's possibly never going to be very stable and we are I think we're in a very good position in the Middle East I think we're very, very strong in the Middle East Iran is going to hell their economies in deep trouble. There P 110 20%, which nobody ever even heard of before probably 25%, will be talking to a R and also they want very much to talk the sanctions with Iran all of the things that we've done, including some tariffs and different things having to do with countries that are dealing with them that we put on the all of the economic sanctions are working very well. So we're RAM will be an interesting case, but we'll see they want to talk we'll see whether or not they talked if they talk good and if they don't talk, that's okay, too, but I think we're doing a very good job in the sense of strategically we have Syria talking about their land. It's not our land. It took, he has gone on to Syria and if Turkey goes into Syria this between Turkey and Syria, stop between Turkey and the United States like a lot of stupid people would like us to would like you to believe and I watched last night. A couple of people understood actually a couple of the Democrats I won't say which ones, but a couple of the more competent Democrats actually understood what I was doing and what the plan is. But really the plan is to get out of endless wars to bring our soldiers back home to not be policing agents all over the world. If you look at other countries, Russia China, they don't have countries to take care of. We have we're close to 90 countries in one form or another, we're in 90 countries all over the world, policing and frankly many of those countries. They don't respect what we're doing they don't even like what we're doing and they don't like us, so we're looking all over the world. There's tremendous amounts of money. Manpower lives that we say by doing it much differently. If people aren't respecting what we're going to be doing. That's too bad. You read where we're sending some troops to Saudi Arabia, that's true, because we want to help Saudi Arabia. They have been a very good Ally. They've agreed to pay for the cost of those troops. They've agreed to pay fully for the cost of everything we're doing over there. That's something you have never heard before, I think. As long as you've been standing out, there I think you. The media has never heard that before, but Saudi Arabia has graciously agreed to pay for the full cost of everything we're doing for them. We're sending some tremendous missiles over we're sending some great power over the Soniya, the Saudi Arabia's paying for 100% of the cost, including the cost of our soldiers, and that negotiation took over short time, like maybe about 35 seconds.