Friends, thank you very much and thank you all for being here in the Oval Office of this very joyous occasion. Today is my privilege to present our nation's highest civilian honor to a beloved basketball legend and a true American original Robert Cousy, commonly known as Bob Cousy Bob. Congratulations on receiving the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest medal of freedom, and we have the Congressional Medal of Honor we're grateful to be joined by Senator, Joe Manchin and his wife, Gail and Joe called me up quite a while ago and suggested this idea and George liked you. Maybe if you could just go to the mic, say a few words about your relationship with Bob. Mr. president, thank you. I had the great pleasure of meeting this legend many years ago through my dear friend Andy and Joni fidella and for dello family, and we were Danny and I have been friends for a long time. We were talking and he started talking about this Bob Cousy come on who's, Bob Cousy, he said yeah. He says: I grew up with his on a young person, friends of the family. We knew each other forever and then he introduced me to him and I'm 80 and we started talking and not bought in same thing, but some of his friends said this is something that that basically, he aspired for. So you called me and we were having me on something else: we were back having lunch and we were talking and you and you're in your personal fashion, I said: there's a gentleman I think you ought to consider for this high award and you said there who would that be and I said: Bob Cousy, so I remembering very well remember we're sitting back there. Certainly, you said, give us a number of will call e. You made the phone call back there, he wasn't gonna take the phone calls. He thought. Someone said this is a white house calling the president want to speak to you. He said they're jealous of me, so they took the call- and he says, is unbelievable so to all the friends. This is a team effort. It was this whole family and all these people who grew up with because no it's been a team effort to make this happen. I would just happen, oh happy that I could be a part of this in there Thank You, mr. president, regular xigbar through American Hero yeah. Thank you very much. You, sir Thank You Gayle. Very much for being appreciated. Also with us are many members of the koozie family, including Bob's daughters, Mary, Cindy and Marie. Where are you now? Congratulations, big! It's a big deal and his grandchildren, Zachary and Nicole. Thank you! Congratulations and his sons-in-law Randy Bruce and Joseph, and their good sons-in-law I, assume Bob grew up during the Great Depression on Manhattan's East, 83rd Street, in an apartment without running water in 1941 at the age of 13, Bob picked up a basketball for the very first time he devoted himself to the sport and soon honed a unique ability to play equally well with both hands. Yet a very unique talent. He had equal ability with both hands. They say I won't, ask you whether or not that's true. Is it it's pretty pretty unique and Bob never forgot the lesson. His first mentor taught him don't ever be predictable. Hey I've heard that lesson too, not for basketball for other things. By a senior year of high school, bob was named, captain of the journal, Americans all scholastic team and people started calling him the Houdini of the hardwood started very early. It's called talent and you have it or you don't in 1946 Bob enrolled at college of the Holy Cross and joined the Crusaders, where he quickly built a large following of fans in one of the biggest games of his sophomore year. His coach, for whatever reason benched him I bet, that's the only time that ever happened. The team was behind by seven points, with only five minutes left to play. It was a very, very important game. When the fans started going crazy, we want koozie. We want Cousy a lot of fans too 8,000, that's a lot at that time. The coach had no choice but to put Bob in in a game, and Bob immediately went on to score 12 quick points leading his team to a epic come-from-behind victory and I. Don't know if the coach kept his job or not, but I don't know what do you think Joe I think I would, by the end of his collegiate career, The Wizard of Wurster was a three-time all-american and was on his way to being drafted into the NBA. Everybody was talking about him. They were talking about him all over the country joining the Boston Celtics in 1950 Bob quickly established himself. As the preeminent point guard of his day. He was ranked number one in assists for eight of his 13 NBA seasons, all of which was spent with a team known as the Boston Celtics great team. By a second season he was the third highest scorer in the league in a legendary 1953 playoff game between the Celtics and the Syracuse Nationals Bob demonstrated exceptional grit in one of the roughest games in the history of basketball, including 107 fouls. That's a lot of fouls Bob forced the game into its first of four overtimes and propelled the way to victory scoring a record 50 points and Boston won by quite a bit because he just went wild in that last overtime in 1954, Bob organized the NBA Players Association, a first-of-its-kind Union for major American sports. He was elected the association's first president and fought for better working conditions and a more reasonable schedule for players. Bob's activism helped him produce many notable reforms, including a pension plan for NBA players. Bob was also a passionate advocate for equality and justice at Holy Cross. He wrote his senior thesis on the persecution faced by minorities while playing for the Celtics Bob that his friend Chuck Cooper, the first african-american drafted into the NBA, could not stay in the same hotel as the rest of the team in the segregated south Bob responded by leaving the state with his teammate and he wasn't a happy person and he became very happy because what happened after that is very legendary. Bob was right at the forefront throughout his long career. Bob was a voice against prejudice, racism and bigotry after 1,026 games for the Celtics Bob retired, from the team in 1963. He has scored eighteen thousand nine hundred and seventy three points and made seven thousand eight hundred and eighty two assists. There were records at the time he was a six-time NBA champion a 13 time, NBA all-star Wow and he was also league MVP. It was the first NBA player to be on the cover of Sports Illustrated Bob went on to coach the Boston College basketball team to a 117 and 38 record in 1973. He coached the u.s. national team to a victory against the Soviet Union. He was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1971, and later became the first inductee to serve as its president. He coached the Cincinnati Royals and briefly reactivated in 1969 setting the record for the oldest person to play in the NBA. Am I allowed to ask how well that was that's very good. Over the years, Baba's also poured his heart in countless charitable causes. He was named the big brother of the year in 1965, taught youth basketball and created a scholarship for underprivileged children. It's an incredible life. Incredible life. You've done a great job but you're one of the all-time greats in the history of sports, not just basketball and an inspiration to us all, and today America honors and celebrates everything that you have achieved. You've achieved so much and even beyond basketball. It is my privilege to ask the military aide to read the citation as we present Robert Bob Cousy, with the Presidential Medal of Freedom Robert Joseph Bob Cousy is one of basketballs all-time greatest players during his 13 seasons, with the Boston Celtics, the Houdini of the hardwood confounded opponents and was instrumental in building the team into a legendary success. Mr. koozie won six NBA championships with the Celtics led. The league in assists for eight straight years, was a 13 time all-star and won the NBA's most valuable player award in 1957 off the court. He fought for racial equality by standing up to racism directed at his teammates, and he helped organize the NBA Players Association in 1971. He was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame, the United States proudly honors mr. koozie, whose competitiveness and character have solidified him as a distinguished athlete and American Thank You. Mr. president, for those kind words, however, if I yeah I think 91 I've got to stop using that line, I think I think the good Lord have heard once too often and he's ready to tell one of his aides. Yeah I think that sucker wants to come on I hope he says up with us, yank him up anyway. Mr. president I know in your world. You know well on your way to making America great again in my world it's been great for 91 years. Only in America could my story have been told I'm here to say easily the most fortunate lucky sob on a planet fabricated overseas, followed by a 17-year ghetto experience in early life, I discovered some god-given skills to play a child's game and landed without much of a moral code other than the law of the streets, survival and self-interest at the College of the Holy cost. Then, and now one of the finest liberal arts schools in the country where my Jesuit mentors in answer to the eternal questions, what's it all about, why are we here? What so they sold? It advised maximize your god-given skills in the areas of your choice and then reach out in your communities and help in any way you can those who are less fortunate, those who need a boost and to the best of my ability, I've tried to do that and I'd like to think that the good Lord has rewarded my feeble attempts by surrounding me at this point in my life at this wonderful event, friends who have my back my two wonderful grandchildren who, let's, let's introduce you guys, one more time: Nick, Nicole and Zachary, two loving daughters, both with devoted partners and both who hover over me and make sure that I take my pills on time. I can't ask all those friends to stand and be identified, but I would like to pay special tribute to my friend, Senator Joe Manchin from West Virginia, who was directly responsible for my presence here today to receive this award and I'd. Like my daughter's Murray and Tish I know, you took one bow, just a quick wave guys they are both retired school teachers, both with distinguished careers in education and both wonderful replicas of their mother. Sorry about that Missy who put up with thee for 63 emotional 63 wonderful years, while trying in her way to make the world a better place, so is Exhibit A for that earlier, left wings to my good fortune, I refer to why we here this afternoon. This acknowledgement allows me to complete my life circle. I can stop chasing the bouncing ball. The Presidential Medal of Freedom allows me to reach a level of acceptance in all society I. Never once ever dreamed of, and it's very special for two other reasons. It allows me to join one of the most exclusive clubs on our planet and secondly, mr. president and I'm sorry. Secondly, mr. president, it's special because it is being presented by the most extraordinary president in my lifetime and I'm a fiower before Roosevelt's anyway. Thank you, sir. Thank you all my friends and fam. Thank you for your attendance and your attention. Peace I just want to say that first of all that was beautiful and congratulations to the family and all your friends and the last one last great athlete to get. It was Tiger Woods about three months ago. Tiger got and he I'm a tiger fan too and he's he did a great job. He he did something that people thought was impossible and he won the Masters and he he was something so you're in very good company. For some incredible people. As you know, in the past, okay sounds good. That sounds good. Thank you very much, I was and I just want to again congratulate Bob and his family, and thank you all and Joe. Thank you for that reference. That was a reference when joe manchin call senator Manchin, he said have an idea. Bob Cousy I said done. He said you know what are they said? No I don't have to think about it. What's to think about, I know his life I know how great an athlete he was. I also know he's done great things beyond that. So that was a very quick acceptance. I didn't have to call you back. Joe I saved the phone call, so thank you very much for that reference and we're very proud of Bob Cousy. Thank you. Thank you. Bob. Congratulations.