On behalf of the most diverse and welcoming city in the United States mayor, Sylvester Turner presents the key to the city of Houston, the energy capital of the world, to Prime Minister Modi in recognition of the exceptional relationship between the people of India and the people of Houston. Ladies and gentlemen, now a few words from the House Majority Leader, the Democratic congressman from Maryland mr. Steny Hoyer, hello, Houston, hello, America, I, am so pleased to be in Houston. Today, with all of you and with the Prime Minister and with all of you, I will be keeping my thoughts with all those affected by the terrible flooding that has occurred here in Houston. We pray for them. We think of them, I pray for their safety and thank all those who have reached out in kindness and encouraged on their behalf, like all of you, I'm honored, to join in welcoming Prime Minister Modi to the United States to the United States, of which, of course, we in Maryland think Houston is apart. Mr. prime minister I've been bring greetings from the Congress and from our Speaker Nancy Pelosi. I am glad to be here with many old friends and many thousands of new ones. We have come here for the same purpose, to celebrate the growing partnership between India and America. Two democracies committed to the same vision of the future. That vision, as all of us know, is based on the common hopes and the shared dreams of our people. Both nations shaped by the legacy of British colonialism, both nations deeply cognizant of the price of freedom. We hold the same truths to be self-evident that all are created equal endowed by their creator, with the same right to strive for a better life, a vision yet to be realized in either of our two great nations completely. Our constitutions begin with the same three words: We, the People, the father of Indian independence, Mahatma Gandhi who's, one hundred and fiftieth birthday. We mark on October 2nd once defined democracy as and I quote, Mahatma Gandhi, something that gives the week the same chance as the strong that my friends at its heart is what the ideal of American democracy and Indian democracy are all about: unequal opportunities to dream and work hard to make. That dream come true. I'm proud, as all of you are, that the us-india relationship has remained bipartisan, with both Democrats and Republicans working to bring the two nations closer in pursuit of that goal and our common principles. In recent decades, President Clinton had the vision to forge a new path for us Indian relations, President Bush, where was he from President Bush, strengthen the ties between our two nations and President Obama Obama, solidified them and President Trump continues that effort today, 25 years since the founding of the Congressional Caucus on India and Indian Americans, the United States and India cooperate in every way imaginable from counterterrorism and clean energy to defense and space exploration. We are now working together in ways. No one could have envisioned a decade ago in 2008 Congress passed the civil nuclear agreement and in 2016 established India as a major defense partner. Ladies and gentlemen, I am proud of Congress's role in forging these closer ties as I am to serve aside wonderful Indian American congressional representatives, you've seen some of them introduced, like Raja push to Moorthy from Miller giant Paul, ami bera and ro Cana and I'm, proud to serve along the other members of Congress who were introduced here. The heart, the heart of our relationship remains the people-to-people ties that bring us even closer, the Indian Americans, who are making such an extraordinary such an extraordinary contribution to America. Thank you, you and millions of other Indian Americans are the reason why the us-india relationship continues to strengthen and remains bipartisan. You are the reasons why so many Americans now look to India and see not only a partner but also a trusted friend throughout this country. Indian Americans have built strong diaspora communities that have opened their arms to their neighbors they've, given back through services, doctors, teachers, artists, researchers, entrepreneurs, lawyers, engineer and in every sector of our economy and American Life mr. Prime Minister. They are making a difference in America and, of course, they serve in our military and in our government in every field, in the brought in sight, intellect innovation and yes, inspiration. Most importantly, they have worked to broaden their fellow Americans understanding of India, its history, its traditions and the vibrancy of its democracy. Ladies and gentlemen, I've experienced this firsthand in my County that we call Saint Mary's County, that County has been enriched by a growing Indian American community, my next-door neighbor, dr. Bernard Shaw and dr. Ella Shaw, who are here today with me and with the prime minister, have become dear and trusted friends. They are extraordinarily respected and beloved. Members of our community, I am part of their family and they are part of my I have traveled to India, with my friend Vinnie Shah, what an extraordinary country, what an extraordinary people and is through them that I've met so many other Indian Americans and learned about Gujarat and India. It's people its history and about the challenges and successes of Indian American community here in the United States on behalf of all of us, I want to thank the thousands of Indian Americans who have made a difference in America what you have done to build closer relationships between two great countries, two great democracies and for all you do to make America a better and stronger nation. Ladies and gentlemen, as we welcome Prime Minister Modi to Texas, we are inspired by the modern India. He leads while mindful of the challenges it faces, undeterred as it reaches into the new frontier of space and equally determined to lift millions out of poverty back on earth making strides and access to education, clean water, healthcare and, while helping to lead in developing advanced energy technologies for a greener and healthy India and like America, proud of its ancient traditions to secure a future. According to Gandhi's teaching and neighbors vision of India as a secular democracy were respect for pluralism and human rights. Safeguard every individual, America and Indian must strive to make our promises and aspirations a reality for all our citizens. On the eve of Independence Nehru praised Gandhi's mission too, and I quote a quote that all of you surely know wipe every tear from their eye and they made a pledge for India's future that so long as there are tears and suffering so long. Our work will not be over and in that sense the work of our countries is not over, as he took his oath for office. For the final time, Abraham Lincoln called for malice towards none and charity for all. He asked his fellow Americans and I quote to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations together together. We, the people of India and of America, must and will continue to motivate one another and the world to pursue the vision of peace, justice charity for all, to strive, malice towards none and to wipe every tear from every eye for those of us for those of us born in America or India, or the sons and daughters of those who were. That must be our commitment and our mission with malice towards none to wipe every tear from every eye. It is then that we will, we will be both great and just and good. It is this unfulfilled mission that brings us to Texas today. It is the shared hope that binds us in common personal purpose. Two democracies, two histories, one partnership, one dream for a better tomorrow, welcome Prime Minister. Thank you very much. Thank you all, ladies and gentlemen, please give a round of applause to Prime, Minister, Modi and majority leader Hoyer. We look forward to welcoming the Prime Minister back to the stage shortly. In the meantime, in honor of Mahatma Gandhi's 150th, birth anniversary and the impact of his message of non-violence on America's civil rights movement led by dr. Martin, Luther King jr., we present a fusion choir of Indian, spiritual and American gospel, singers, I Johnny. Ladies and gentlemen, we ask that you please quickly return to your seats as we are waiting in the program to resume. Once again, we ask you quickly, return to your seats at this time whose broad, stripes and bright stars through the perilous, fun or the ramparts we watch'd were so gallantly streaming and the Rockets red glare. The bombs bursting in air gave proof through the night that our flag was still there oh say, does that star-spangled banner or the land of the free and the Oh Jana Gana mana. That was you, damn god, damn money you be the judge good morning in Houston good morning. That said good morning, america greetings to my fellow Indians in India and around the world friends. This morning we have a very special person with us. He needs no introduction. His name is familiar to every person on the planet. His name comes up in almost every conversation in the world on global politics. His every word he'd, followed by tens of millions. He was a household name and very popular even before he went on to occupy the highest or base in this great country, from CEO to commander and chief from boardrooms to the goal of wish from studios who global stage from politics to the economy and food security. He has left a deep and lasting impact everywhere today he's here with us. It is my honor and privilege to welcome here in this magnificent Stadium and magnificent gathering and I can say our chance to meet him often and every time I found the friendliness, warmth, energy, the President of the United States of America mr. Donald Trump. This each extraordinary. This is unprecedented. Frank's and I told you. We have made a few times and every time he had been the same, warm friendly, accessible, energetic and full of wheat I admire him for something more, his sense of leadership, a passion for America, a concern for every American, a belief in American future and a strong resolve to make America great again, and he has already made the American economy strong again. He has achieved much for the United States and for the world friends be in India, help connected well with President Trump the words the words of candidate Trump up t bar Trump, sir God rang loud and clear, and it's celebration of Diwali in the House White House lit up millions of pieces with joy and appreciation when I met him for the first time he said to me, India had a true friend in white house. Your presence here today is great testimony to dad. In these years our two nations have taken their relationship to new heights. Mr. president, this morning in Houston you can hear the heartbeat of this great partnership in this celebration of the world's two largest democracies. You can feel the strength and depth of human bonds between our two great nations. People are at the heart of all relationships from Houston to Hyderabad, from Boston to Bengaluru, from together to Shimla from Los Angeles to Ludhiana, from New Jersey to New Delhi, hundreds of millions are glued to their TV, even though it is rather late on a Sunday night in India millions around the world in different time zones are with us today they are witnessing history in the making. Mr. president, you had introduced me to your family in 2017, and today, I have the honor to introduce you to my family over a billion Indians and people of Indian heritage around the globe. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you my friend, a friend of India, a great American president, mr. Donald Trump, hello, Houston I, am so thrilled to be here in the great state of Texas, with one of America's greatest most devoted and most loyal friends, Prime Minister Modi of India. Thank you thank you and Prime. Minister Modi is doing a truly exceptional job for India and for all of the Indian people. It is my immense privilege to be here with him today at this profoundly historic event were especially grateful to be joined by over 50,000, incredible members of our nation's thriving prospering, flourishing and hardworking Indian American community. Thank you. Just a few months ago, in the largest democratic election in the history of our world, 600 million Indians went to the polls and voted overwhelmingly for Prime Minister Modi and his party. Congratulations. Mr. prime minister, that's a lot of people earlier this week. I understand you marked another important milestone. I know everyone here joins me in wishing you a very happy birthday, happy birthday, I want to take a moment to address every resident of Houston affected by the recent horrible flooding. The entire American nation is standing by your side. We're ready. We love you. We support you. We will be there with you every single step of the way I just left the Coast Guard hangar at ellington Field joint Reserve Base, where I was briefed on the Texas flooding, we're working with your great governor Greg, Abbott, lieutenant governor Dan, Patrick, Attorney, General, Ken, Paxton and senators John Cornyn and Ted Cruz. Thank you very much working hard together. My administration will not rest until you have fully recovered restored and rebuilt and I know you will come back with the same tremendous spirit that we have shown every single time. Every time there's been a problem, it's called Houston, strong, Prime, Minister, Modi and I have come to Houston to celebrate everything that unites America and India. Our shared dreams and Bright Futures I've also come to express my profound gratitude to the nearly 4 million amazing Indian Americans, all across our country. You enrich your culture, you uphold our values, you uplift our communities and you are truly proud to be American and we are proud to have you as Americans. We thank you. We love you and I want you to know. My administration is fighting for you each and every day, I want to recognize US ambassador to India Kenneth jester and Minister Jayceon Carr of India. Thank you very much. Thank you both. Thank you very much. Thank you. We're also proudly joined by NASA deputy administrator Jim Moore Hart Deputy Secretary of Energy Dan Bru. Yet governor Matt Bevin of Kentucky, your State Attorney General Ken Paxton a couple of very great senators Kevin. Thank you. Thank you Kevin. Thank you. We have a lot of senators. We have a lot of Congress people. There's mr. Brady congressman Brady. He gave us a very, very nice tax cut folks. Thank you, Kevin very much. Thank you all for being here among the leaders here today for this remarkable celebration are many members of the House and Senate they're all over the audience, including House, Majority, Leader, Steny, Hoyer and again senators Cornyn Cruz in my campaign for president I promised. All of that. If we were elected, India would have a true and great friend in the White House and I can tell you. You have never had a better friend as president than President Donald Trump. That I can tell you. The Prime Minister knows that on this day, I'm happy to report that the relationship between the United, States and India is stronger than ever before. The ties between our two nations are grounded in our common values and our shared commitment to democracy. We are free nations with great faith and a fierce devotion to our national independence. We are governed by the rule of law, guided by commitment to justice and strengthened by our love of Liberty. Our two national constitutions both begin with the same three beautiful words We the People. That means that in America and India, like we honor respect, trust and power and fight for the citizens, we proudly serve under Prime Minister Modi's leadership. The world is witnessing a strong, sovereign and thriving Republic of India in a single decade, with the help of Prime Minister Modi's pro-growth reforms, India has lifted nearly 300 million people out of poverty, and that is an incredible number credible. That's incredible. In the next decade, 140 million Indian households will rise to the middle class in both India and the United States we're seeing something really remarkable. Our people are prospering like never before, because we are slashing bureaucracy and cutting job-killing red tape in the United States. Thanks to our massive tax cuts and all of our great senators and congressmen and women that are here today and pro-worker policies, our economy is breaking one record after another. Since my election, we have created over six million new jobs, we have created over 750,000 jobs right here in Texas and, very importantly, that includes 70,000 new Texas manufacturing jobs. They said that couldn't be done. Unemployment think of this unemployment in Texas is currently at the lowest rate ever recorded in the history of our country, and unemployment in the United. States has just reached the lowest level in over 51 years and very soon. We think that will be broken to be a historic number. Unemployment among african-americans, asian-americans and Hispanic Americans have all reached their lowest levels in the history of our country. Over the last two years, the unemployment rate among Indian Americans dropped by nearly 33 and 1/3 percent wages are rising, incomes are soaring and inequality is falling at the fastest rate. In many many years. In the past 12 months alone, the average worker has taken home $1,000 extra in rising wages and over $3,000, with tax cuts and all of the other things that we've done and for the first time in history, most new hires of prime working age, our minorities and women. First time that's ever happened through our pledge to America's workers. We have secured commitments for nearly 14 million employment and training opportunities for American workers done through our great American companies. We passed the biggest tax cuts and the biggest tax reforms in the history of our country. We slashed a record number of job-killing regulations, giving the average American households more than three thousand dollars every year and never in the history of our country. No matter how long the presidency have regulations been cut. To this extent every day the Indian American community is helping to strengthen our country and build our future. Indian Americans are pioneering groundbreaking medicines to save countless lives, they're developing revolutionary technology, that is changing the world and they're founding new businesses that provide jobs to thousands of our fellow citizens. Prime Minister Modi I look forward to working with you to make our nation's even more prosperous than ever before, and that's what's happening. The economic miracles taking place today are just beginning here. In the United States, there has never been a better time to hire, invest, grow and pursue your dreams. Indian companies employ tens of thousands of Americans across a range of industries, including American steel in 2018, India's jsw steel announced that it would invest up to five hundred million dollars to revitalize a shuttered steel plant in the great state of Ohio, and we welcome India's growing investments right here in the Lone Star State nations around the world are investing in the United States because they know we have the best economy and the best workers in the world they have never invested in. Our country like they are today, and we want to thank everybody and India has never invested in the United States like it is doing today and I want to say it's reciprocal, because we're doing the same thing in India on Tuesday, two Japanese companies, Toyota and ASA, announced a combined investment of almost eight hundred million dollars, which will create over 900 new jobs right here in Texas. At the same time, we are working to expand American exports to India one of the world's fastest-growing markets. We are committed to ensuring the Indian people have access to the finest goods in the world. Products stamped with the beautiful phrase made in the USA and very soon India will have access to another world-class American product NBA, basketball, Wow sounds good. That sounds good. Next week, thousands of people will gather in Mumbai to watch the first-ever NBA basketball game in India am I invited mr. Prime Minister I may come be careful I make up when it comes to expanding our commercial relationship. No issue is more important than energy security for the first time ever. The United States is the number-one producer of both oil and natural gas on planet earth and number one by far with much of it coming right here from the great state of Texas. That means more jobs, higher wages and lower prices. At the pump yesterday, we were thrilled to hear about the Indian company petrol in its pledge to purchase up to five million tons of LNG per year from the United States, which could lead to billions of dollars of LNG exports to India in the coming years, and we have plenty of it. Over the last year, crude exports to India have grown by 400% and liquefied natural gas. Exports continue to soar at record numbers. Thank you. These tremendous exports not only expand employment in America, but they increase freedom and security for India to keep our nation safe. The United, States and India are forging an even stronger security partnership. Us defense sales to India have also reached 18 billion dollars over the past decade. We make the greatest defense mechanisms and equipment anywhere in the world, and India knows that. Well, we're looking forward to concluding several new defense deals very soon. There are a lot of them in the works here in America, we're creating the United States space force and we're working closely with India to enhance space cooperation in November. The United, States and India will demonstrate a dramatic progress of our defense relationship, holding the first-ever tri-service military exercise between our nation's. It's called Tiger triumphs, good name, a good name, very good name. Today, we honor all of the brave American and Indian military service members who work together to safeguard our freedom. We stand proudly in defense of Liberty and we are committed to protecting innocent civilians from the threat of radical Islamic terrorism. Thank you. Both India the United States also understand that to keep our community safe, we must protect our borders since taking office. My administration has launched a far-reaching effort to improve screening and vetting of applications for entry. We are working hard to ensure that those who would threaten our security are denied admission into our country and we are enhancing our vetting efforts like never before, not even close, we're doing it on a daily basis and will soon be setting records in every one of the aspects of border security. Border security is vital to the United States border security is vital to India. We understand that and we are further taking unprecedented action to finally secure our southern border and stop illegal immigration and I want to thank the President of Mexico, who right now has 27,000 soldiers on our southern border. It's been incredible. What's taken place in a short period of time, illegal immigration is deeply unfair to millions of wonderful legal immigrants who work hard, pay their taxes, follow our rules and obey our laws. Yet there are those in Washington who would raid your health care to front free benefits. They want to fund free benefits to those who enter our country illegally. We don't want to do that. We don't want to, because if we don't do it, they won't come I will never allow politicians to take away your healthcare or give it to illegal immigrants. My administration believes our first duty is to the highest loyalty of all. We must always be for the American people, whether it's african-american Hispanic American, Indian American. We are going to take care of our citizens. First, we are going to take care of our Indian American citizens before we take care of illegal immigrants that want to pour into our country. We want to build a nation where every family, immigrant and us born can live in a safe community with access to great school work at a job. You love and have the best chance to reach the American Dream. We love the American Dream and just in concluding I want to say that America has always been a nation of pioneers and patriots, risk takers and free thinkers and dedicated workers who have honed a trade, mastered their field and teach their children to always give their very very best. Every day, Indian Americans helped write this story of American greatness, and everyone here today has a crucial part to play in building an even grander and greater American and Indian future. To help achieve that exciting vision. We are strengthening our cherished bonds with the nation of India and we are proving the awesome power of democracy and unlimited potential of free people. Together, we will continue to deepen the ties between our nation's. We will honor the faith of dignity of our citizens and we will achieve incredible advancements for our people, for our children and for the world. We will discover new cures and save millions of lives. We will advance cutting-edge technologies and lift millions and millions of people out of poverty. We will pioneer new frontiers in space, working together, raising the sights of humanity. We will uphold our values, defend our Liberty and control our destiny. The United, States and India will make our nation stronger. Our people wealthier are dreamers, bigger and our future brighter than ever before, and it won't even be close. I want to thank everybody for being here. I want to especially thank a great man and a great leader, the leader of India Prime, Minister Modi, my friend. Thank you. God bless you all. God bless India and God bless america. Thank you. Thank you. Now. I would like to invite on to this stage in front of this incredible group of unbelievable people. Prime Minister Modi who's, going to give us some of his wisdom, and his wisdom is indeed great. Thank you. All very much has been a great honor to be with you. Thank you. Thank you, your attention, please, those of you that need translation, Prime, Minister Modi's speech. Please prepare your translation at this time, channel 1 for Hindi to English. Thank you. Thank you. Thank You, president Ram. Thanks a lot howdy, my friends, here's your dresser head getting my whole hair, yeah I'll tell upon your hair our job. Thanks estimate Artie had to Herbert book the honey Vishal honey. It Texas case of Homer odd. That susta spirit, yah-ha be reflective. Aura here is a bar gents, ammo capacity, K, well, arithmetic, Teresa meet nahi hai, a yamaha ignite history, Ignatius Labonte with a ray or ignite chemistry. We energy key energy part of our America a beach, but this energy in Baja president from tejana America in Mahon democracy, gay Allah, Allah cotton is yoga. Jo, Republican or Democrat ho raha, honor or Berkeley merrily Italy presents Americana moody, Baja soup, camara strany hair, senator Cornyn, senator Cruz R&S at uni, job heartbeat, predicable, Mehta, ha ha yo, Prez own sake: hey America, Mariner, Valley, Party, oka, uncase immortal unque at UMaine, cusamano, it's so T's corrode and in 1.3 billion bertioga. Here's some Mon hi elected representatives, khalaby bahasa, American, Mitra, aldehydes, kalamaja, mejor, Hindustani, key trapped, a Savita hriday says: swagath kartha hoon, mace kharkom que el jerko copy, but Heidi Tahoe moody, bata area, hey. He is Kelly beliefs and comic Laguna registration, kata ligand erotica me Katara, Hodja, Rollo, Johanna, hey opee, yo la Granja. Pay me back. Tiga drops a on section: amantha ma, Houston, Texas, mattress, incopy unki, be very, very presence occur on de distrito, then fella italic, badly Muslim, Gabbar internet comes MMA. Alacazam Allah give us our coaches to dystopia or designee president imperative is it. The GR in Houston is strong. Satya is kharkom. Ghanim howdy Modi howdy Modi lake in Modi akela Cucina here made so tea strode heart yoga, a dish for Tom Karev Allah. It's sad har invective, our isla de la plata, howdy Modi Tamera, the monocot ahead. Who's got jalabiya. He had Hardman sub a cha, sup Tennessee, but there's Madame auntie I'm toboggan me Aladin, Aguirre, Alonso, qiyam, server time delay, hogs cooled below Sabu Bellotti, Satya, hamari America meet Rocco y hacer, ahora ha ha ha. He managed Cibola per centum, armory america Metro many tonight. Hi everything is fine. Licking para ecoach, Allah, Allah, Bassam, a hamari, liberal or democratic society in Baja, very patent, yaja, Mary, parsh I, say do say: himera Desmond, Centro, huzzah, Centro, Bollea Sestito, give una Casa Tabora he or Advil Corrado lavake matru, Basha body we or Sergio trabajan. He hamari - may Allah gallop and virginal sampradaya Allah Allah Budda Budda, Thea, Centro Trotta, a legality, three compound alag, alag, Volusia, Allah Allah Masha Allah to chakra is vertical at would vanity vivy Tommy Etta yahi hamari, dharahara, yahi, hamari vez, esta parte, hey diversity, hamari, vibrant democracy, Kihara yahi, hamari, shakti, hi, nahi, hamari Prerna am Jehovah, got a diversity. Democracy case Oscar shots of liquor case actually are. They are the high stadium, maybe 50,000, say Dada repeat thousand, say: Dada partier hamari Mahon from crack a pretty little bunker idea, how posted opposite: asme, hey Jen own apartment, democracy, es sabroso, 2019 que toda, maybe upon us a Kriya yoga on dhiya vaca, Yaga assassin, alta, nestra, Indian democracy, Shakti de fortune, who read duniya melodia in tsunami in said, karora Jana key six hundred and ten million CDs bottles, 'his alia eater, assay, America, eat, total population college ball. Double is maybe art troll and eighty million. You are to a say, hey the first time voter three hearty democracy, Katie husband, subsides, other women, Mother's Day, is bar budala or is bar sub, say Dada sanctum, a mile I concur: bie SOT, open t19 Catalan, a a tour narrator Sapodilla Sarge Saldivar after six decades, SAR sulk, a bar esse, who are supportive home at Casa, Bonita Sircar upon apart Salta charcoal pure ghee. Well si Jordison cabal case a floatie. Yes hub I could go. Who are you Stephen Esther, who are Gina Modica Vedas na hua ji, Hindustan vasuki Tahu, sati Oh, Talia, Humberto, Yogi, Bhajan, hi, Laguna bomb adir hi. They SK, because Kelly akise Risa demon based on a new type, originally advertised subset artists of the because I Baracus absalom mantra: Sokka saath, sabka, Vikas, I, Baracus, sub, salinity, head Jennifer, gallery, public participation, art bar of the sub separately, tanara hi sankalpas, a CD or art podcast, subscriber, ah sankalpa, a new India. Her dad knew nyaka, supremo, Arikara, jelly bean rod a kuraha or is man sub seconds, but hey he hunky, seduced resin a bulky could play up same kamakura. Here we are challenging ourselves. We are changing a versus Satya alvaro, mihalick, a macabre, a Tegrity, say: agua para tratar, Alvaro, couch logo key is Soto challenge karahi dinky soldier, whose bodily nice a tie. We depart salamé, EXO, t-score, partying, a milk, our heart rate remain asana TJ, hassel, tae, Jin, cappella, coy Kalpana bean. He kirsanov, we are aiming high. We are achieving higher higher borrow sad, the Saddam, a disco, rural sanitation, 38% Potok, Park, Salma, hominid, gerak, roar, Jonnie hundred and ten millions, each other socially. But why are the rural sanitation, 99% per her dish? May cooking gas connection V paheli? What spawn protection key crypto ball, salty bitter bitter homeless, a 95% coccidia surpass all Muhammad a hundred crore Yanni 150 million Sajjad Allah go go gas connection, say Dora Hartman, rural road connectivity, yerba palace Arab, but one person T for Salman amiss a 97% of lead, a surpassed, Salma hominid. They skate Grammy, Allah, ,, dolo, kilometer, Yanni, 200,000, kilometers, a Giada, circa condom, archaea, heart may purchase person say become logo. Key bank account a ipod salma agha hundred percent Parivaar banking, gravest hace mucho que vas al mohammed, salah Tuscarora Yanni, 370 million sages, a la vaca naive bank account full I shot you a Jap logo, key basic necesitas, identity', more area to vous parlez subpoenaed day, para una, a choker necklace, sorry, n RT, o de Charmin lagares SOT, vo Hammar, le Chitina Ease of Doing Business, come ha, ha ha uh, Donaghy, ease of living, cobby, Oscar, hasta, high empowerment, the DES, cusamano, monami, empower ha ha todos discuss social or economic development, bajo de gotta say our give Erica may up. Where are they who the harm data shot? You I took her after her data? Is the new oil of Houston galore Wilkie Tabata, ahead to his comeback, la believe: Horizonte mesma, Ljubljana GData, the new coal industry for 54.0 Cotto's are apakah, see data poor agar, poori, Dooney Eric de rigueur, SE suniye Adair pari duniya may succumb, Camus, Perdita, ko propo to voodoo a high bar our apartment, 1 GB data, kiki maha syrup 25 to 30 cent, cosmos, Jonnie, $1, cabrito, Teresa or Mary batana Tujunga. He exhibited a tacky ball average Tiki mug. He said what he said is guna Giada hi his sister data, para digital India, key egg, nayi pehchaan bandeja sass. Today, Donna Hartman governance, Co redefine breccia, Hartman, central government or state government. Ski trip trip, 10,000 services online, Oh, blah blah sati Oh, eh, sometta, Department, MA dose 18 Mahalo, 38 Jota, say, becomes imam a passport garage Appa bellavita go later estar aquí de côte de yada yada Dante are us Baraka a visa facility, K sub C bar you dismiss a EK Sathya, it's Amita, the maid company registration way, dodo Tintin hotel, rapidly up showbiz contaminate company register hood at the air, its Amita, the pair's written bra, pájaro Barossa da da da da Ezra prana ma ma Enola Gay. Today, abba-abba-abba Basu neg, a to abjure ganga s bar 31st, August, Oh, Edom, a matter a dengue, bat around Eden may Caribe patches la yaani, piyo million Logan, a apana income tax return online, bra Yanni surf Eden. May he watches lock return Yanni Houston, cocoon population K V CC Giada are doosre subscibe Arriba jota's - Minami, etapa Bob chapter disdain message: a bank met Ross, Perot, lapa, Valvano page because Capri Oscar, a Kissimmee - we're opening agriculture, Lee welfare schemes, our chocotejas Jarrett, Managua, cockily welfare scheme; colonic shots are naive: hurricane near Markel, a coochie joker, Harrow, LBD, agora, ha homemade, autonomous wobble, /, Bodie, aha hootenanny, para algo, V del Y, so October koe de bez, Mahatma Gandhi, Quito, patate region, Vedanta, Moraga, -, bara, open defecation, co, her ville de de da Varis 'but a pod salami pondrá, so say: Dada Khurana Tomoko be harvelle de tu caja para dar una pesca George alpha booby business-friendly Mahal banana maraca volcanic are para: hamari Sarkar, a test-case jolco, her ville de dia or GST la ghujiya bar soba, Desmond, Bond, Asian man, Paris Opera, home nice, a car card aquella, Sato, Hong corruption, Kobe Challenger, a hey, you say: hostel poor Harold na ka EK body, tada, Mutara, hey VT, dou tinsel may borrow a sari t la yaani, 350,000, say Dada. Some big company Oh Cobie, her Valda, dr Romney, are crore ene, 80 million, say Dada s, APEC name's Coby, her ville de da da syrup, Congo, Joe party or Sarkar is Ivanka fade-out, heredity or Saji. Oh kalpana kartik in pardon amo Kurtag, our kitten arugula top of a holiday but I'm a creep creep. De la Carozza PA Yanni ribbon 20 billion US dollars egg -, where from - way a transparent ecosystem, Minar a tacky because cava her heart attack portal or by Urbano egg, be partyi because do hey, maybe barakamon joon-hee. This case summer, Satur sensei Ecore barrage talent are deceitful in ballet, horribly paralleled, Adi I'm somebody a yami-san, her article 370 car article 317 air article 370, a Jammu, Kashmir doc. A logo go because say our salmon avocado 70 trataba is critical, are often quad or Algarve. Oddvar anomaly, Tecate Authority, a Baracus Evan Hanley, Java car body, barrio, Cody, hey for here, Dakar Jammu, Kashmir and Ladakh; a logo Kobe Mill Gayye, Mahalo Mahalo, but Joe delito que ahora harbors valparola sati, o hamari Palenque upper house, lower house dono may canto. Today, Sparta. We discard a sword in iam. A light alakazoo are barred memory party pass a poor house, Johnny Rodz a bomb, a bomb at nahi ball dude escape hamari, Parliament K upper house. Our laurels guru is say: Julie path, loco goatee, hi bombers, a passkey I, not top down Roberto Murat, subtag, Roberto, Hindustan gas, subbies sounds of O'kelly. A Stanley were is annoyed, I, huh, barber, the Nevada block part of APRI huh, dr. ahaha, who say which sa logo KO bida cateura, yeah ginsa code upon our decimal Mira in Laguna, Varis, ke, prati Nebraska. He upon a Lolita, cacain drop, Nadia; evil. Oh hey Josh want atonte, hey oppan, kasemir, toga, Otten, cobalt, a poster on K Patton, siree, Bob, Rae, Carruth duniya, a Cheetara jean-pierre americana, 911 ho-young Mumbai man 26:11, who, whose side is curtain Cahaba Santee? Oh absolutely. He art and vodka club, or a friend, well Cabrales, devaloka club, maniacal, RI little guy Mia, Harper Jordi, Turkana, Tujunga Islam, a president from poor image. Boutique Assad, our tank, a club career, we're pigma, I. Think a cloud like a grasp of the bamboo kind of maneuver: hey I'm, some milk, okay, all go standing or something. Thank you. Thank you, though. My hermano barýþ may be hosted. Hor-Aha Bahat would battle. Aha, our Bahat coach, Carnegie e'r'day liquor, Yamcha, the Himalayan Ray Allen detector, Iggy una pareja, reggaeton rocky they skinny jean over mallacoota Mahalo Tomita liquid was the door punch this one. Otherwise I will to somebody other than Hakan de Bordeaux warmest Aloha, Ambar Hey Bojo muscular camber, hey Mohito, Mohito marry horse, lock him in our fajita fajita mariachi Minar, hey Satya verdad. You know: tio khattala, Polara ham, Chino, toc-toc, rara, rara, dodged, Tony, Hawk, incremental change, Bernie, hey Sam, seok, porous Abaddon for Jordan are awesome: Mozilla, Diwali, tamam, ba Toto, Harvard, Sam, hoger, KD, Cara, hi Satoru, a barky about a fire drill, Ian dollar, economically Khmer Casilla, I'm infrastructure investment or export Valhalla purge or delay on people friendly development friendly or investment friendly Mahabharata. We are given a home infrastructure par, so lakh rupee, a cryptic 1.3 trillion dollar car Carnevale Sato heat a part of our soma dunya met, Imam Ali, shitake, boundedly, Bharat, key growth rate every 7.5% here or abd on Rocky. Well, a key PC Sarkar K correct our culture, a decade to a cephalic Cabinda. He who I believe are it's a low inflation, low fiscal deposit or high growth, Kaduri I, add vara, duniya, ke, betrayal, Fei, destination message: a salvo, darted hace, ahora una stock Priya intro may carry peridot Guney below three we're Abby Holloway homeless, single grant. Little man every I can knobs chorus on Berea coal mining, our contract manufacturing man with AC investment of 100 percent, ho sakta metal, energy sector, K, Co, say: hi, Houston, mamela birthday, corporate tax payer buried tamika's owner Ali I, who say who soraka's Arlo, board side letter I on Capri back, hey he corporate I come to risk a faceless, a Sri Bartman. He bulky global business leaders made by hot positive message: garaje he pays la Bosco. Our global computer do bonaga, Satya murti, okely, America, America me or America. Ah Kelly Hartman are given a key apart: Sambora fire billion-dollar, economically new India cassava, our president Tom Kane - terrain, America image boot economic growth in San, Bruno go naive, Angela got a gay president ran play apne Sam Bowden me Dean, economic miracles, ki, baat, kahi, Busan, MS, sahaja yoga and a valid Oh Dean Miller a present from Cassatt Mary Martin holy Valley, Namit Kapoor. You say he put positive results with lega basket opposite end from moody top negotiator, Kathie Lee Kim. What could it be? The art of the deal, the heart of the dilma here, had armor on seppuku Seagram, satya, egg, batter, basically hamare power march. Above all, Peggotty sabarimalai AB Sbisa T is Gotham his side driving for there a pop rivet on Cedar Lake in Watanuki, Circle, absolu, nahin, hai vitae, part, verso, mahamuni, Indian, diaspora, say somewhat America or some vodka Terry gay do novel D evidence of a parka do Tabas or consulate sleep, sir Kari Kari Allen. He bulky up, capella Chateauguay bhoomika may be des, become caravel, sati, okay, ly o na hito Portugal eerie, sir Karla gossaert on Carrie madad, immigrant Vida, zein, SE, pehle, pre-departure training, prabhasa party, Okajima or drama sued, our Sabri PA okar, KO, oza, Targa's, vida, SE, tamam, teriyaki, a general prophecy party, o copa de jan de ballet or body. A cafe, Medici hamari circle, a Indian community, golfer pronto be mad booty. Aha, we des met, inertia remain prophecy. Party sahaja, tender mykola day by or bono are dismantling the symmetric, la busca job. History saddle a naive. Our cotton bodega, nice Impala Okajima de américas saman, look tantric yoga, shakti, hey, do not disobey non the marquessa Monsanto pay or do know it. It donaga sod, hamaji, Volvo, whiskey or guru ladoga. Mr. president, Matunga G op, so Parivar berapa, hapara, Aragami, upanishadic, Auriga, al Sur de cambogia, dosti, Bharat, America, K, shared dreams or vibrant future school, la lucha de mirage petit, Trumka america, chirality samadhi, or business surgery. Tamam, leader scope, Johanna, Kalia, he'll save our readership hot pot of our backpack, our town, Texas tea government, yahagi process and Coby Mahatma hot. The Nevada Tao thank you who son Thank, You America may God bless you all. Thank you. You you.