Well, thank you very much everyone, it's great to be with my friend Boris Johnson and just got a position that he's having a very easy time with it's much easier than you thought. I just said: is it tougher Ari, sir? He said well, I, guess what do you expect? It I think it's pretty much what you expected. It is and he's doing a fantastic job, not easy, and securing a really good job and I think he's gonna make great progress. Come October, come November, but great progress for the country. Okay, results are good and there's also gonna start the show in November, but it looks to me like he is making great progress. So it's an honor to have you here will be discussing trade that we can quadruple our trade with UK and we can I think we're doing big job. Bob lighthouse is here our trade representative, your Craig representative, is here and they're already scheduling for their a the continuing against nations, so we can have substantially more trade with UK and we look forward to doing that. So we'll talk about other things also to make a heavy voice. Don't thank you very much. It's great to be here and I certainly hope that we can make a lot of progress quite fast, I'm pretty, but our Secretary of State for international trade is here. We we have to to get going on that boys, remembering that the NHS is not but everything else, because there's a huge amount we can. We can do and I guess we'll. Also talk a bit about the wrong I think you share a common perspective down, but also make sure that people in the Gulf don't get the wrong idea about what they can get away. That's a complicated issue. We have to make progress, though we'll be talking about many things, look forward to it and we'll start in just a minute. So thank you very much everybody. You should resign because you misled the queen with regard to shutting Parliament down. How do you respond to that? Well, I said earlier on. Thank you very much as I said earlier on, let's be absolutely clear: we respect the judiciary in our country. We respect the court. I disagree profoundly with what they had to say. I think it was entirely right to go ahead with a plan for a Queen's speech. This is a the longest period we haven't had a Queen's Beach / for 400 years. We've got a dynamic domestic agenda. We need to be getting on with more police on the streets, investment in our National Health Service, improving our education. We need to get on with that and, frankly, I think we need to get on with brexit. That's the overwhelming view of the British people, whether they voted to leave or or remain. They want to get this thing done by October, the 31st and that's what we're gonna do. Mr. Pratt was a very nasty question from a very American reporter one, but I think he was ask me a question to be fair: that a lot of British reporters would no I. Think he's dealing very well I see what look I watch it very closely. As a friend of mine, I tend to watch friends closer than enemies with the enemies you have to watch in a different way. I think he's doing very well, it's a complicated subject, but they took a vote and the vote was I. Was there I happen to be there today? There you go, but I made a prediction: even I even made a prediction: it was a correct prediction and you know that was a long time ago and it takes a man like this to get it done. They have to get it done. Otherwise, it'd be a terrible thing to do it any other way. I don't see another boat, I, don't see anything happening, I think he's gonna get it done when you earned these UK's Supreme Court decision I had no reaction. I just asked Boris and you know to him it's another day in the office he's a professional it's just another day in the office yeah. Well, it's tomorrow's another day in Parliament. You know we have. We had to. Of course, the first couple of months we had been I think we were over seven with the Supreme Court and since then we won the wall. We won assylum. We want some of the biggest ones. We've had a great streak going, but we started off. We were over seven and then, as you will report in fact, the first time we won, you were like shocked that we won and since then, we've almost run the table. We've won a lot of decisions, so I'm sure that's gonna happen to you well kind of our chickens and we're full of respect if I say for the justice is about court, but we're gonna we're gonna push on we're, gonna respect what the court had to say, but we're gonna get on and deliver Bracy. That's that I think that's what the British people, in other words she's, been very nice to the courtroom. Okay, here's total respect for the yeah just a separate subject. Can you explain why aid to Ukraine was stopped because I think that other countries should be paying? Also, why does the United States the only one paying to Ukraine and I've, been talking about this for a long time, not only with respect to Ukraine but a lot of other countries? But, frankly, why isn't Germany I just met with the Chancellor? Why is in Germany? Why is in France? Why are these other countries paying family? Why are we paying all the time and nobody's given I believe more to Ukraine? You know President Obama used to send pillows and sheets I said anti-tank weapons and a lot of things to Ukraine. We think that it's very important and both by the way I, don't know if you know it or not, that payment was made, but I wanted to get other countries. Other countries should also pay, but frankly it affects them. More I mean it's a barrier, that's a wall between Russia and the UK, and they don't pay, and why are they not paying? Why is it always the United States that that's paying and I made that loud and clear I told that to Mick Mulvaney I told it to a lot of people is making wherever it is, I told it to a lot of different people. I told it to Mike I told it to two Mike's I told it to Steve I keep asking the same. My senator Wilbur Ross I keep asking the same question. Why is it that the United States is always paying these foreign countries and other foreign countries that, frankly, are much too much more effective than not I said hold it up? Let's get other people to pay, and then everybody called me. Oh please can we pay and I said, and there was never any quid pro quo. The letter was beautiful. It was a perfect letter. It was unlike Biden's who, by the way what he said, was a Hara and asked how his son made millions of dollars from Ukraine made millions of dollars from China, even though he had no expertise whatsoever. Okay, so what he did was a real problem with us. There was no pressure applied, no, nothing, okay! Folks. Thank you very much.