Parts of the Caribbean are under threat tonight as a powerful storm plows through the region. After picking up strength for several days, the tropical storm known as durian, has been upgraded to a hurricane right now the storm has made landfall and is lashing Puerto Rico and the British Virgin Islands the storm hit hard and fast, and it's already claimed one life. According to Puerto, Rican police, an idio man, fell from the roof of his home, while trying to prepare his Reggie Cecchini on what puerto ricans are up against battered and bruised from storms past, where - Rico braced for impact from a hurricane, that's already left a path of destruction behind it, we've got a little water for the situation. That's headed our way, so we're prepared- and it doesn't take us by surprise, like last time- says this resident Dorian snaked its way through the Caribbean washing out roads in Martinique and drenching parts of the Virgin Islands before strengthening into a hurricane off the coast of Puerto Rico. The island is still recovering from back-to-back hurricanes in 2017, thousands of roads and homes are still in disrepair. Blue tarps remain a part of the landscape, but with preparations for durian underway I trust in the people of Puerto Rico, we are ready. We are going forward. A political battle was brewing. Thousands of kilometers away after approving an emergency declaration for Puerto Rico on Tuesday US President, Donald Trump took aim at the islands leaders tweeting Puerto Rico is one of the most corrupt places on earth. Adding their politicians are either incompetent or corrupt. Both Trump and local officials have been at odds for nearly two years over the president's remarks about the island and funding. Dorian is expected to be a major test for the islands. Hurricane Maria knocked Puerto Rico's electricity grid offline for months officials say this time, they're prepared. We have to restore as quick as possible. It's not acceptable but happening the last time. The storm's path was forecast well in advance, giving houses a better chance to stand up against strong winds and residents an opportunity to stock up on supplies. There's probably ten times the commodities on the island that we're here, pre Maria, well letting FEMA get into place and as hurricane season kicks into high gear, FEMA is facing yet another challenge. The Trump administration is set to redirect more than 150 million dollars from the agency's disaster relief fund to boost immigration resources along the southern border, even as forecasters now anticipate above normal activity during the rest of this hurricane season.