55,000 education workers could have walked off the job Monday, but the government narrowly avoided that by getting a deal up next negotiations with teachers, and that could be a much nastier battle. This was Q P's message to the Education Minister Sunday night after the deal was inked thanks for opening the piggy bank and allowing us to get the services that we needed for our students. What are we gonna focus on? It is unclear if the province will be able to land a deal with teachers and avoid strikes. This fall talks between the province and several unions are ongoing. Elementary teachers, high school teachers and those with the French and Catholic boards are all now in negotiations, that's more than a hundred and sixty thousand teachers without a contract. Right now still, the minister remains optimistic. This negotiation demonstrated that if we work in good faith, if we put kids first, we could land deals and provide predictability that families I think in this province deserve at fo. The union that represents elementary teachers is currently in the process of taking strike votes across the province. If a majority of members agree job action should be taken, they would be an illegal strike position to do so in November. High school teachers are not moving in that direction. Just yet. If we're moving forward in a productive direction with the government and school board's associations, then you know we won't need to rush towards that. If, on the other hand, they are stalling and not moving in a productive direction, then at some point you can expect that we will ask our members for that mandate. The opposition says the only reason the government made a deal with QP was to avoid political backlash for Andrew Shearer. It became very clear that he had a political problem. Parents and students deserve much better, it's time for Doug Ford to stop denying the impact of these cuts. That is the big unknown right now. What happens next, once the federal election is over and the legislature resumes sitting? Will a government be as eager to inked a deal or will they tighten the purse strings and say that it's justified because they want to reduce the deficit? Parents, teachers and students will have to wait and wonder for now Travis dhanraj, Global News.