The union representing 55,000 educational workers, say they are prepared to walk off the job. We have team coverage with critical information. You need to know parents, but we're gonna start with this. What would a full strike mean for students and parents right now under the work-to-rule campaign, custodians have stopped cleaning hallways and emptying garbage cans outside schools. Clerical workers have stopped finding replacements for absent staff and education workers have stopped overtime on Monday. If no deal is reached, the 55,000 union members will all walk off the job so with teachers cross kewpie, picket lines. The union says that is under discussion, in which case schools may have to close altogether also in question. What would a strike mean for the polling stations located in Ontario schools for the October 21st federal election? The union says it is not their intent to interfere with that Minister. When did you find out that QP, intended on taking job action on Monday ramping, this up to a full, fledged strike effectively? Twenty to thirty minutes before they went live? Does that set a precedent for good faith bargaining? When you know you do come back to the table, you know what I wish that we've had a bit more notice, perhaps but the end of the day. I think that this is an avoidable circumstance. I mean QP introduced some partial withdraw of service, though the century on Monday, you know 48 hours later, they've announced to ramp this up and I think we all have a lot of question marks about. Why do you think this has anything to do with the federal election? Assemble notes that the day of the strike action is on the first election debate, English language debate I mean curious, but I don't really want to make any conclusion at this point. I just want to make sure that they understand that my mission is to get at the table. You went to private school, you don't have a lot of experience or any to my knowledge when it comes to labor negotiations. Why are you the best person suited to be dealing with this issue? You know what I got into politics, because I believe we need generational voices in government. So what do you say to that? Ei out there who's watching this and making $40,000 I thinking to themselves. Mr. leche doesn't know what I go through on a day-to-day basis. Well, you know, I did go to say: Marga Marie I did was educated in a Catholic public school for elementary, but I, obviously don't profess to know the struggles and challenges they faced. I realized they work hard. The big sticking point is sick days or you have a hundred and thirty-one sick days paid by taxpayers, and there are some people that think this is a government that is cutting cutting cutting and not really looking at where they're cutting when it comes to supports for autism services, health care and on your file and on education. What do you say to those people to convince them that that is not the case? I made unabashed offender of public education I want families to know. I will fight hard to the kaepa table as I know, the premier believes it is hard to defend their kids futures and those are just talking points no I think I've already demonstrated word. Indeed, I've reopened the capital program. That's helping to improve schools by half over half a billion dollars this year alone, we're undertaking a new revamp of math, going back to basics, a new curriculum being introduced next September I mean these. Are actions thanks, appreciate up Travis. Will the four government consider calling back the legislature early to deal with this issue? I? Don't really have a clear answer on that one Alan right now I did press the minister a couple of times asking him whether or not that would be on the table. He certainly did not say it's off the table but said that he wants to get a deal with negotiating with the Union right now, and he said that these offered some days, although he wouldn't clarify what days they would be back at the table. We did see last year, if you remember Alan OPG, a workers that went off the job and the legislature was recalled to legislate them back to work. So certainly it is an option whether or not that happens we'll have to find out before October 28th. That is when the legislature is set to resume.