Green Party leader, Elizabeth May, has decided it's time to give up leadership of the party she built though she intends to carry on as an MP and Elizabeth May joins me now from Ottawa hi there thanks for joining us. Well, thank you. Don I haven't seen you since the leadership debates, but here we are now you've been leader of the party for thirteen years. It's a long time. You were the lone MP for a long time. You built the party. Was it a hard decision to give up the leadership, not at all, not really and I, wouldn't claim building the party I mean I'm, the ninth leader of the party, but, as it happens, I've been leader for one-third of the lifetime of a party that we've had in Canada for 36 years, so everyone who's been a leader has contributed to build I, think it's time and really time to encourage other greens to step forward for leadership. I I've had this. This notion that sometimes the media thinks that the party is just me. It was a great way of proving how much bent bench strength we have. We had so many great candidates across Canada in this last election and we've achieved historic success. So it's a perfect time. Can you really take a back seat to a party that you've been such a part of absolutely? My job is working in Parliament, with my wonderful caucus colleagues, Paul Manley from Nanaimo ladies myths and Jenica, a twin from Fredericton as a team of three we'll be very focused on trying to get climate action in this minority Parliament trying to get pharmacare the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. We have a. We have a very serious agenda in Parliament the work of building the party capitalizing on the momentum from this election campaign. That goes right now to interim leader, Joanne Roberts, and by October 4th 2020 in Charlottetown Prince, Edward Island. We will elect the leader to take us into the next election cycle, where I'm, confident we will achieve even larger successes and I'm excited about it. Honestly, I have no doubt in my mind. This is the right time and the right decision miss. May. What do you think the next leader needs to do to take the party further I? Don't think it's really so much about what the leader has to do is building on the momentum. I think there is excitement politically around a leadership race when I ran for leader of the party. In the course of running for leadership, we doubled the membership. Well, I want to do that again, I mean back. Then it was a much smaller number, so we want to go bigger, have more Canadians, engaged and feeling that you play a role in the Green Party Green Party membership actually determines our policies and our positions we're a grassroots party. Nothing invites people to participate as much as the leadership, race and I know we're going to have some terrific candidates, people with whom I will be so proud to serve in Parliament. As someone working alongside of my caucus colleagues, including a new leader, will you be reaching out to certain people like recruiting asking some people to consider taking on the leadership? I've been doing that for some time and now's the time for me to step back from that, because I want to be absolutely certain of total neutrality in the election campaign. A lot of people will look to me for hints of who I want to have be the next leader, I think it's very important that and the Council of the Green Party and the Shadow Cabinet. We all talked about it this weekend. It's important that I'm absolutely neutral. So there there are a lot of greens who know I've asked them in the past and I'm hoping that they're going to run, it will be an exciting, exciting leadership race, with inspiring dedicated greens offering to be of service, as I have been for for the 13 years, when I had the honor of serving as leader, but no hands on who you think should take over somebody perfect. We will have there's nobody perfect anywhere in this world, but we all do our best. A dedicated, strong, green who's capable of inspiring others and who understands that. The issues that are facing us are critical. We can't afford political parties, who are that are only interested in perpetuating their own power, while forgetting why they wanted power in the first place and I'm sad to say that all the other parties in this country are dominated, but that kind of sports analogy of my team versus your team and all that really matters is winning. Greens will always be there to say what matters on principle and that we will never put trying to achieve power for us above working for the benefit of Canadians and acting on principle. You've said in the past that you are the only federal leader who grasped the gravity of the climate emergency. Do you think you've advanced the policy discussion and the other parties in a way that's meaningful, in which political leader right now gives you the most hope, I'm sad to say that well, I wish I could say that that my efforts had led to a greater understanding of climate science, I think my efforts and the efforts of Greens across Canada have led the Liberals, the NDP and the Conservatives to a greater understanding of climate politics. In other words, they understand they have to say they care about climate, to get votes. I'm very disappointed in judgment, saying announcing that his terms for supporting the Liberals don't even include a mention of climate change and I. Think a lot of the people who voted knew Democrat will be disappointed. I think they should get in touch with mr. Singh right now and tell them they expected more. This is a minority Parliament. We have to see a commitment to real climate action. We have to see leadership that will step up and say you can't build the Trans Mountain pipeline and keep to the Paris target. We have to see and I help a lot of people who voted liberal will be contacting Justin, Trudeau and their local liberal and saying we will not forgive you if you go into the next climate negotiations which, by the way, start in December in Madrid with the same target it Stephen Harper, put in place it more. You know more than four years ago, it is a weak target. Canada must do better. These are things that I wish. We had accomplished in the election campaign on I kept hoping that one of the other parties would scoop us by having a climate target consistent with science. We remain the only party that has a target that is consistent with the scientific warnings that, if we don't act now in the very near term, within a number of years, it will be too late. So I'm glad it's a minority Parliament that we go back to the polls before we cross that line towards a point of no return. We we really do need leadership, and we need to work across party lines to achieve the the enormous economic opportunities that exist in transitioning away from fossil fuels, you're scheduled to meet with Prime Minister Trudeau next week. What do you intend to tell him, particularly about climate change? Well, I will beg him once again to pull the target. That's been tabled with the United Nations, since Stephen Harper put it in place and bring in a target that is consistent with the advice of science. We are at a point where the global negotiations are at a critical point. We have to live up to the Paris agreement. Canada's current target is roughly half of what sought the scientists in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change tell us. We need to do so when people talk about will Justin Trudeau and the Liberals achieve the Paris target. Tragically, most journalists who ask that question make the mistake of thinking our current target is the Paris target. It's not it's about half of what we need to do so. I will press him once again to go to the next climate negotiations in Madrid, cop 25, with Canada no longer wearing the badge of weakest climate policy of industrialized countries, but actually step up and do what needs to be done. What's next for you now that you're no longer leader you're, going to run in the next election right and and possibly become speaker well. First of all, we have a lot of work to do in Parliament between now and whenever we go back to the polls I've identified in a letter that I sent to Prime Minister Trudeau last week with copies to all the other party leaders to say, look, the Greens will never vote confidence in a government that fails to have a target that achievers achieves what needs to be done on climate to meet the Paris agreement. That's our bottom line, but we will cooperate in other areas where we find common ground, such as for pharmacare pushing for the for the United Nations declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples. There are many things that we could do together and Paul Manley at Jenica at one and I are committed to making progress for Canadians in this Parliament. So there's a lot of work ahead, both for my constituency, my constituents and Canada as the parliamentary leader of the Greens in Ottawa at the same time. What's next for me, is yes I plan to run again in the next election campaign, I love being the Member of Parliament for Saanich Gulf Islands? It's such an honour. My constituents are such engaged. Active citizens concerned that we stopped the transplant and pipeline concerned. What's going to happen to the southern resident killer. Whales are wild salmon. We have pressing issues, including finding a family doctor in affordable housing. I want to work hard on all those issues now and into the next election and I will ask my constituents what they think about the idea of me running for speaker. It's it's not a job. You can get without your parliamentary colleagues. Voting for you. I can't possibly consider it now, because I am committed to working with Paul Manley in Jenica at 1:00 and making sure they have the confidence that, as relatively new MPs in the case of Jenica a brand new MP, we don't miss a beat in terms of understanding parliamentary procedure, making our voices heard, making a difference and I understand. They're right, I need to sit with them and be part of that three-person caucus. That makes a difference in Parliament. But who knows after the next election, if, if I am reelected, I would consider seriously running for speaker, because I would love to see Parliament work more respectfully, I think it would advance all the issues I care about to have a parliament where we discussed issues instead of just hearing people yell at each other and I. Think grown-ups in the room will always help get better government all right, Elizabeth may Green Party MP. Thank you. Thank you.