The solution- masala luminous capita, low dose every Sikh, you love Tracy Conway, says you're, a senior diciendo la Hashem, Jose San Allah in a context, so esta cancion vamos, a ver, las donaciones la cumbia, say Contarini Brio, pero, también tendrá, we're sakulos in english, tambien in Warren I'm in a repair. Well, she were on here they are - once again good afternoon. Everyone point us out of this. It is wonderful that we all here are gathered under a beautiful afternoon sky. It's a terrible tragedy that happened to us today. Yesterday we are still really 20 people dead, 26 fighting for their lives. Just today, a friend of mine called me and said we haven't been able to find our son and we all went here: - Burgess, high school. These are my old stomping grounds and I was on the phone with her. When she told me, we've learned my son, Andre anchondo was among the dead he guarded and he yielded and he protected his wife of just a year. They have three children a two month old, baby boy, Pablo Gilberto. He yielded his wife and he died and she died and there are three children left orphaned, but their grandparents picked them up. They're Theo's are Thea's and this community is gonna, lift them as well. We may have been broken and fractured, but we are here today, but we are going to come together. We are a resilient community and we will come back stronger than ever. We will continue to build our faith and we will show the world that we are a resilient, beautiful community and we'd. Like you all, we've starting a procession right here, everybody please sit hi, so strong, absolutely buenas, tardes good afternoon gracias, por unirse, como, el paso, Monica Mona da que se preocupe especialmente, esta noche por las familias que perdieron seres queridos es importante que no son, ahmo's porque, no queremos que la violencia. Lo do Yaris is mode a finicky, no somos nosotros como comunidade el paso. We want to thank all of you for being here tonight as the community of el paso coming together to be with and to support the families who lost loved ones. Yesterday, in the massacre, it is important for us to come together to show that hate racism and injustice will not be what El Paso is about todos céntimos dolor de nuestros corazones de noche porque, si Oh friend Nina, who know denturri nosotros NOS defending a todos, nosotros, well men. We feel in our hearts today for each and every one, because if one of us is offended, then all of us are offended: amen, Nosa, mucho, gusto está, con nosotros, Estela Casas. Thank you for being with us and we turn it over now to Estella Casas. You all can be seated I'd like to bring up here. This is kind of Dylan carpet, director of hope and border Institute. There's a lot of people here today who have a lot of beautiful words to share with you. We will all all want you to get comfortable. I saw a lot of people walking up here with their chairs and but most importantly, with an open heart and a healing heart, because we are community who will heal coming up here. Doing I have set before you life and death the blessing and the curse choose life and that you and your descendants may live Vedado la cara de la vela de muerte, incredible bendición in a Malthusian el hijo es la vida, para que viven -. It was descendientes. We come together this evening when the wounds, physical, emotional, spiritual, are still too wrong. No venomous, demasiado, temprano young knows where UNIMAS. Yet we do come together. It will be setting these days that we will rise together that we will overcome that el paso will be strong, but let us not cheap in this moment with slogans. No, there are 20 of us no longer with us massacred. No, we have been attacked at our core. Life has been cheapened snuffed out. The other way like here in Tel, Aviv LM working in trailer, bendición minimal decision le he appoints la vida, but I came even to eat Tuesdays and ents in order to choose life, but in order to choose life in order to overcome in order to keep faith, we must name the darkness. We must call out the curse and together we mash on the demon, the I muchos de Manos ET en todos o manifesto in diferencia, audio paroxysmal, say no phobia. A very co class is mo. Machismo natural is more morose racial terrorism. These evils have taken seed in our hearts. In our homes, in our politics and blood is been spilt. Tonight we call on the Almighty to cast these evils out. The other way like here in de la Vida and worth the intravenous your enamel discerning Lisa Prince La Villa para que viven to eat Tuesdays and ents for the sake of the dead and the survivors and their families nos vemos, esta noche. You know what assume and we pray to for the strength to brace ourselves for just action in the days ahead to choose life on the blessing. So we will go forward from this night with our own manifesto, a more air neuter think you see only a few movie esperanza justice- oh they make so in the truly great place. La vida para que bien - si - state's Indian Test, esta noche, Thank, You, Dylan I, think we're all shaking right. After that there are 20 people who passed away 26, who are fighting for their lives and this whole community here hundreds of you pulling together lifting them in prayer and hope this is a non-denominational in interfaith gathering. It doesn't matter what God you pray to, but we are all praying tonight and we appreciate you all being here with an open heart to join us this evening, I'd like to call up here now, bishop mark sites from Del Paso, Catholic, Diocese, -, tardes, todos que gusto del e sake, el paso, gracias, por estar! Thank you for being here tonight. You know, sadly, we're in this country much too accustomed to these event. Types of events we've seen it in so many corners of our country, and now here among us, you know there are a lot of great communities in our country, but there's nothing microfossil, cuando, pasa, Esther's closest moussa. This is escucha mos los que dicen, oh no Stefan, esta hablando, acerca de la nación de nuevo, third they're. Just talking about prayer, why are they talking about prayer? What does prayer do it? Heals it changes us. It saves us I, think that those who bet raise those questions, they don't know prayer knowing theanine la acción, no intendent, aqui, estamos, a-- uh Randall I'd like to point out very quickly just to misunderstandings that they have about prayer. Two mistakes, we're not going to make. First of all, there are those who never got beyond their childish notion of prayer as being something in which we address some genie in the bottle. When haenyeo en la botella, no alguien que podemos controller, see as I own do we control our law play dis, Mandar, lo sé lo que queremos. We think that we should be able to raise God and get them to do our will when, in fact, what prayer is about is entrusting ourselves to his will to trusting him to knowing that our good God understands what we cannot begin to explain and our good God is capable of bringing good even out of evil on cuando parece, impossible, Elsinore, para hacer, algo, bueno and many other do not apparent eight. The rota él puede Canara and 21-year and we're in Moscow the fuerza de la mora. The second thing that they- and they must understand, is that they think prayer is an escape prayer is, is just separating ourselves from the difficult realities of this life. They don't get it at all. When we people of faith pray, we know you first of our life, the very source of our hope. The one who loves us and cares for us and brings life even out of death, este es lo que pasa innovation and promise in the in mayor de la realidad, and promise in la razón, para nuestra, speranza, cuando, no pen, tenemos el poder, como Manos, podemos, descubrir alguien que tiene pelea, para cambiar, el mundo, y creo mundo de Paz y justicia y amor eso es lo que pasa quandaries ammos. We when we pray, we don't seek to change God. We know that God will change us and make us a better and more loving community hermanos por eso, estamos aqui, esta noche talking necesito mas el Senor ness Adamo, supras, NC, a--, necesitamos suicide. Bastian. We need his help. We need his saving grace. We need him to enter into the midst of lives that are broken and to bring healing and hope and trust that life is much more than this moment that life and life eternal is his gift and no person of hate no act of evil will bring us down. No act of violence will keep us from the life that God has chosen to give us and will give us forever. Oh man, hermanos tenemos mucho que quieran compartir con nosotros, esta esta tarde I should finish and let them speak. Let's open our hearts, let's pray together and see what God will do in our lives and in our community and in the lives of all of those who tonight are suffering from broken hearts: gracias, por, estar, aqui, gracias, gracias, para sus, palabras de al viento que necesitan esta comunidad el dia de hoy mañana y todos Diez, los próximos es porque, los próximos Xia's vamos, a aprender los nombres de las diferentes, familias enlasa différentes, víctimas ito, no saki las personas que tienes estan Looch on dope or de vere que estan en los hospitals que estan eldest son Gaston and UMC tenemos que parar por ellos también y por, not nosotros y dar la gracias, a diós porque estamos aqui Unidos Unidos todos dias, gracias, I'd, like to bring up here. Bishop Michael Buerkle hung from a physical as Episcopal Diocese of the Rio Grande buenos tardes, a todos I bring you greetings from the Episcopal Church throughout the world, and it is my joy to serve as the Bishop of the Diocese of the Rio Grande, which includes the beautiful city of El, Paso, the Big Bend region and the entire state of Nuevo Mexico, and tonight tonight we are in mourning. We are grieving, the loss of those who died yesterday afternoon, and we are all so frightened about the attack that took place on this community. We are grieving tonight and it is a grief that is beyond all language. It is a grief that knows no nationality, it is a grief that knows no political party. It is a grief that knows no religious denomination, it is a human grief. It is the grief of God that the creator of the universe, who cries out in anguish, who cries out for justice, who cries out that love might be stronger than death. We are grieving tonight as we pray together, but even as we grieve, we are not without hope of Paso. We are not without hope, because look. This is what the kingdom of God looks like. We are not without hope, El Paso, because between these mountains for centuries, this place has been about neighborly love. This river has been a place of coming together. This place is a place where neighbors love one another. So tonight we are not without hope, because we know something about neighborliness and we know something about love that is bigger than the barriers that human beings create. We know something about a love that is greater than any kind of hatred, a love that is stronger than death and so El Paso. Let us bear witness tonight to our children that they don't have to be afraid. Let us bear witness to our children tonight that love and community looks like this night and let us bear witness not just to our children, but let us bear witness to the nation that is with us in prayer tonight. Let us bear witness to the world that is confused about the violence in this country. Let us bear witness: let us show the world how paso in the days ahead in the months ahead. Let us show them why we love this place. Let us show them why we love our neighbors on both sides of this river. Let us bear witness to the love that is stronger than death. Let us not lose hope. Let us remember that you are what the kingdom of God looks like and let us walk in love, my brothers and sisters and all of my siblings I'm speaking of children. There are so many children here. I think this is a good opportunity when you go home tonight after this beautiful beautiful service is to talk to your kids at any age, appropriate to talk to these kids right behind me and have that conversation that there is Abel, but we will overcome. Yes, I want to hear those kids. Yes, no I said the kids, not the adults, 1 2, 3, yes or no. Yes, those young little voices, those young little voices because they are the ones you know as adults. We can overcome a lot of things, but they will need a lot of help from all of us of all adults. With our faith in with our wisdom, cuando estés Avenue da y nuestro, los buenos consejos, para nuestros hijos para que ellos pueden super r, esta tremendo.