Thank you all so much for coming out today to be part of the movement. Thank you very for starting this journey. Who kind of imagine when we'd end up today? But you know if you were to look at newspapers or television reports day after day, you'd see a lot of coverage by reporters of business of politics of sports of celebrity, and yet none of these areas. This importance as important as science, science, when it impinges on our lives through the application by industry, medicine in the military, and that's why I went into television in 1963 to try to educate Canadians about the important role that science plays in their lives. In 1989, we did the first of many programs on global warming on the nature of things and that year that year, I interviewed more than a hundred and forty experts around the world and did a five-part radio series called it's a matter of survival and that radio series had a huge impact. This is before the days of texting or internet emails and we got 16,000 letters from Canadians saying you scared the hell out of me. I agree with you, but what can we do and that's when we established the David Suzuki foundation to try to answer their questions, but corporations corporation increasingly dictate political priorities and policies, as we saw so graphically with the SNC level and scandal and SNC Laughlin is a small company compared to Exxon or compare the shell or BP or the fossil fuel companies? For decades we have been working to educate people about climate change, its causes and its perils and the birds politicians to take the steps needed to avoid the threat that climate change now imposes all with very little success. We will not stop this work. We will continue to educate and advocate because we cannot give up, but it is taking a child Greta to agree to point out that, despite all of the promises, the treaties, the assurances the emissions continue to rise. Brett has pleaded with politicians to pay attention to scientists who are being ignored, even as their messages have become more robust and more urgent. Young people are now striking, marching and protesting because they and their future have become collateral damage from continuing political support of the fossil fuel industry. Just so, the industry can continue to carry on with business as usual. So now it is time to bring the fight to the Canadian carts and I am so honored to be able to support these courageous young plaintiffs in their litigation to fight for a future for themselves and for coming generations.