I, thank you all for coming out with the support that you have been giving me for five years. It's been five long years that I have fought this for fight. I have not fought it alone, because many of you have been out here with me. Many of you have been here from day one. We fought and fought to get the NYPD to give us a phone number, so the CCRB we bring charges against Pantaleo. We heard that for fight for a couple of years and then what they do to try to appease us. They give it all to us. On the anniversary, on the fourth anniversary, the leave of the fourth anniversary of my son's death that was supposed to appease us. Well, let me tell you it didn't it just made me more angrier, but you know what Pantaleo you, your your regime, London! Your can appeal all you want, but I'm still out here, I'm out here for the long runs. You come out here against me I'm out here, and you cannot scare me away gear Pantaleo. You may have lost your job, but I lost a son, January I'm. Sorry, July 17, 2014 I lost my son. You cannot replace that you can get another job, maybe at Burger King, okay, so much, but you know it's just it's just as heartening to go through this and, like we say we're, not finished, we have other officers that we have to go after. Would you have heard the names? We know the wrongdoing that they have done. I won't say that I was totally surprised. I am just glad that he made a right and a conscious decision on my son's behalf because we all saw the chokehold. So there was no denying that everybody recommended. It would have been such a disgrace for him to go another way when three people before him recommended firing him. You know. If who was he gonna, listen to Pat Lynch, it do say who catlins oh well, don't know anything. He can't take credit for that because five years ago he could have fired. That's right. Charges was recommended in 2015 and nothing was done. That's right. He could have fired him on the spot, but he was waiting for the DOJ as he said. He thought that the higher power would have recommended remedy charges, but the criminal charges could have came. Please just give him off the force. Daniel Pantaleo being fired, goes to this woman right, whoo, whoo.