Hurricane durian creeps toward South Florida people in Miami are gathering donations for the hard-hit Bahamas prime minister justin trudeau, also announced today. Canada is ready to provide support if needed. The eye of the storm is now dangerously close to Florida's east coast. The storms, outer bands have already pounded parts of the state with heavy rains, and residents are being warned to hunker down and prepare for hurricane-force winds. Durian is fierce even from space. You can tell that it's huge. The storm is tied with the Labor Day hurricane of 1935, for the most powerful Atlantic hurricane to ever make landfall Jackson Prosecco is in Daytona Beach tonight in Jackson. After all that destruction in the Bahamas you found people willing to defy evacuation orders. Well, Robyn nearly 3 million people up and down the coast are under mandatory evacuation order tonight, and here in Daytona, Beach they've gone a step further. They put a curfew in place as well. All of this is to get people away from the coast, while it's still safe to do so, because this storm has such an uncertain path. Evacuation day on the coast and a frantic rush for tourists to leave I feel like safety is most important. You can't stop storms and mother nature, so you just have to go with the flow in South. Carolina's lanes on the interstate were reversed to help people flee faster in Daytona Beach, where there's also a mandatory evacuation order. In effect, many locals are staying, put confident they can ride out the storm on this thin strip of land. We supply for the next 7 days. I have gas for my generator for my refrigerator staying means being trapped when the bridge is closed, with durian drifting close, but not forecast to make landfall people would rather hunker down. I mean the storm is only moving at 5 miles. An hour right now see have some time to get your stuff and get out of here before it hits just to be safe. Hunter and Toby Harrison were busy packing up anything in their yard. That could become a projectile, but they still have no plans to leave. I feel pretty calm and pretty confident in this house and that'll keep us safe along the coast of Florida Georgia and the Carolinas residents face the same dilemma. Stay or go: shelters have opened for people who need a safe place. Some of them have already hit capacity in a sign of what's to come. Utility crews from across North America have begun staging at the Daytona Speedway thousands of trucks ready to roll out as soon as they're needed as the wind grows stronger and the waves get larger people up and down the coast have put their faith in the forecast, hoping that Dorian will only deliver a glancing blow but they're watching closely and are more than a little worried as long as the eye doesn't hit us directly, then we're gonna stay I mean if a real strong eye is gonna, hit us and we're gonna scoot out of here. Those evacuation efforts have been hampered by the situation at airports. Several airports in this area have already shut down. Others are closing tonight that includes the airport in Orlando Robyn. There are also still shortages of gasoline with about 50% of stations. In this region running completely dry Jackson, what are the weather conditions like right now, where you are well? We've certainly noticed increase in the winds over the course the day today and throughout the day, we've also had these bands a very intense rainfall that have moved through, but the real bulk of this storm is still days away, especially here in northern Florida and into the Carolinas. This is going to be a prolonged event, and people are being told to get ready for just that.