I would remind people as you're looking at these forecasts. You know a bump in one direction or the other could have really significant ramifications in terms of impact if it bumps further east. That obviously, is positive if it bumps just a little west, then you're looking at really really significant impacts, and so don't make any assumptions remain vigilant and be prepared. We're going to continue to monitor the situation here in the state with fuel and traffic flows and take action as it's necessary, but everyone should continue to monitor the storm and follow the direction from your local officials. As many of you know, as of this morning, the following counties have issued mandatory evacuation orders, Brevard County, starting on Sunday Martin County has issued a partial and then a number of counties have issued voluntary evacuation orders, Glades Henry, Martin, Osceola, Palm, Beach, st. Lucie. Obviously those evacuation orders could change so just continue to follow local updates, but remain prepared continue to make preparations, and you know we will hope. You know that the trend continues, but there is still significant chance of a strike on the state of Florida. If you look at that cone, anyone inside that cone needs to be prepared, and so you know we're continuing to click on all cylinders here and are gonna continue to be to be monitoring. The situation and working with both our local and federal partners and we do have FEMA, has been engaged with us from the beginning. We really appreciate that, and we have time to take some questions. Two counties that have issued evacuation notices. Are you doing anything to enhance that evacuation, lifting tolls or you're going to monitor the traffic flows, and if the traffic becomes abnormal, then then we will. We will take needed action to alleviate that. However, at this point we do not see any abnormal traffic on the roadways, and so so those options are on the table and, if need be, they can be exercised. And when are you worried that people are seeing the track and just assume it'll think you don't want to over-read these tracks, I mean because you can look at a little bit of a movement to the west and then all of a sudden we're looking at a much different scenario. If that were to come out say later today, but I also think that I think what we've tried to do here is just be very factual, be very direct with people. You know we haven't tried to overreact, but we've also tried to you know, put out the information and explain the risks and so I think the fact that that we've taken that approach, I, think people look and say. Okay, it looks it looks like it's been positive movement, but we're not out of the woods yet so I think people are gonna, probably still understand. You know that the preparations need to be made and understand, even if it doesn't directly strike Florida. You know this is a big, powerful storm you're, still looking at really significant storm surge on the east coast of Florida you're, looking at major flooding events in different parts of the state, and so the effects can range but but you're still looking at significant impacts, even if the the storm remains hugging the coast. So so just be vigilant. Listen to your local officials, follow the news and do what you need to do to protect yourself and your families better yeah they've been we had the trucks they were in all-night, refueling, you're, starting to get you know those are now and moving to the gas stations. Obviously, as the track has shifted a little bit, I think you're, just naturally gonna see less people and say miami-dade County, waiting in line for gas, and so some of that will be I think taken care of where what demand. But but we had all these things going all night. We we did the escorts as necessary, so I think the situation will likely be improved and you know actually I I spoke with the president about it last night and and and he offered support we're not sure that that's going to be necessary, but we've we've been working with with, with with the federal partners to see if there was a need. You know what we'd be able to do for that. Well, I think there's a number of places. I mean you know, there's places that aren't even on the East Coast that have been flooding already, and so you know, even if they get outer bands of rain, that's gonna be problem. You have places that that have that have king tide, that are already I mean some of these docks people, the the waters already up to their docks, and then you have things like the st. Johns River, where, if that gets heavy rainfall, so there's a lot of of spots around the state that'll be affected by this. Even if it does stay stay off the coast of Florida, you know waves and tides and everything is there, concern about people going out and you know, go into the beach and planning for I mean I. Think people should listen to the to the local folks about you know where those risks are, but I I think people who have covered these things know. You know when you have storms approaching it creates waves that attracts people, because they want to do that. But that is hazardous and that's very dangerous, and so so people need to heed the heed, the warnings and, if there's you know any type of orders issue with respect to that, they should certainly heed those, because you know that that could be very, very hazardous change. I think it I think it focuses the response and the preparations a little bit more I mean we were here two days ago and the cone covered almost the entire state of Florida okay. Well, we can have generally I mean they can have people in Fort Myers ready to go now when it's as it shift eat as it shifts East. You know that means Southwest, Florida, Northwest Florida. You know the chance of them being affected, you know the chances have gone down dramatically, and so that just makes us I think be able to do more. You know with the resources that we have, and so that's you know, part of this is I think the trend was has been positive, but part of it is. You know we do have more certainty now today of the general direction of this thing than we did. 48 hours ago and I'll tell you, you know you're looking at some of this stuff and there's gonna be more data that comes out. You can't, you know, guarantee it's gonna do this or that you know some of the trends have been positive, like I, if I, if I knew some of these models were definitely the case, you know I'd feel a lot better, but you know some of them are right. Some of them are wrong, I mean those European. Spaghetti plots are great right now they all go into the end of the see. Well, you know they haven't necessarily been right in the past on everything. So so you got to remain vigilant. Director Moskowitz, during the briefing that was mentioned, that Hurricane Andrew was expected to make the same turn. This storm is expected to make, but it didn't. Does that give you pause well, I. Think, as the governor just outlined right I mean people need to be vigilant. The Division of Emergency Management is still doing our job. Obviously, there's a category four storm off of our coast, so you know there's a lots of things that you stay the course on, but obviously you start to make smart more targeted decisions like the governor was talking about. As things start coming out of focus, I mean just a couple of days ago, we were looking at a worst case scenario with a category 4 hurricane coming across the peninsula, winding up in the Gulf and doing a double impact into the Panhandle. That's no longer predicted right. So those are the scenarios you can take off the table and the preparations you can take off the table, but at the end of day, there's still lots of things we have to do. You know just remind ourselves about hurricane Matthew hugging the coast, so these are the things that we're preparing for thanks.