When I first heard, then that it was a Connor batts, I was like there's got to be another Connor bats. It's a weird, it's like it, not a common name, but it's got to be another one, and then it was twenty-four year old from Bellbrook, and it was definitely him and then I didn't really have a whole lot of thoughts. I just started crying and I. My first real thought that I remember was I need to do something. I need to do something: I need to talk to the police, and so I called the tipline talked to them and I'm still working through the shock. I'm sure I'll eventually feel it in full force at some point, but right now, I, don't think my body can handle all these emotions. He was super nice to me. I'm super nice to everyone that I saw him interact with. He was never mean to anyone. Apparently he had that in him. So I didn't think that he would ever go to like some random place and just shoot random people. Obviously his sister wasn't random, or maybe she was she just got caught in the crosshairs I, don't know, but I wasn't entirely surprised that he did something bad, that he ended up in the news. I just didn't think it would be for this, the yellow flags, the first one was our very first date when he showed me the shooting of the synagogue, which was in the news and then the second one was when he got super drunk and told me he wanted to hurt people and then just overall his daily drinking on the outside. Looking in it would normally look like red flags, but given the fact that he was a psychology student and he always talked about it from a psychological standpoint, it was like weird because I'm not into that but I. It wasn't that scary or creepy half of our class was into serial killers. If you're, if you're into psychology, you often want to know what makes terrible people do. Terrible things he's not a monster, he just did a monstrous thing. He wanted to be good, he really did and if he saw what he did now, he would know how horrible it was and not in a proud way.