This definitely wasn't about race. This wasn't about religion. This wasn't him trying to hurt a specific group or make any sort of statement. He was not a big statement person if he was doing this. It was probably in the moment- and it was personal he talked to me about how people needed to take more action and maybe start a little ruckus. He never mentioned anything to the scale or wanting to like do anything extreme. Just that, like quiet protests, weren't enough, there needs to be more direct action and at that core, I believe to his extreme, not at all feels like I'm in an alternate universe like what a weird sentence, my ex-boyfriend was a mass murderer. What so yeah I'm still in shock, I'm gonna, be dealing with these emotions for probably months, if not longer, and whether or not I was shocked, I'm not shocked. He did something horrific because he had untreated problems and there are so many things, and there are so many things that people aren't going to know. He talked about current events in world tragedies. Like people talk about world war ii and history, it was just something he was fascinated by and he talked about it a lot. It was like his main focus as a psychology person. He was interested in what makes terrible people do terrible things yeah and he he he knew that they were bad. He knew that they were horrific and he wanted to know what what a person to do, those things. Oh yeah, he showed me the one video of the mass shooting on our first date, I'm, not sure which shooting it was he's, not a monster. He did a monstrous act and if we just look at that, if we just label him as a monster, we're not gonna solve anything. We're not gonna figure. Anything out, I didn't think he would go shoot strangers, especially his sister I didn't see that one coming um. So he didn't talk about his family a whole lot. He told me that he liked his sister. Sometimes she was like that annoying little sister, but their siblings. That happens, they weren't best friends, but he thought that she was a good person. This is a much more complicated issue than it is just mental illness or it is just gun control. It is all parts put together: every system failing him and every system failing those victims through him.