Mr. I'm just going to be happy to answer your question, or you can just have a conversation by yourself, but if you'd like to ask me a question, I'll be happy to continue. You swear or affirm under penalty of perjury, that the testimony you're about to give is true and correct to the best of your knowledge, information and belief so help you God since election day, whether it was bad actors at the FBI in the intelligence community or lies coming from members of the current House majority, that there was evidence of collusion. The American people continue to be sold a false narrative with the purpose of undermining the legitimacy of the 2016 election results. I also received hundreds of thousands of emails some days with as many as a thousand emails and unlike Hillary, Clinton I, don't think I ever delete any of those. Many of them will respond to two with either one-word answers or folded to other staffers for additional follow-up, but throughout it all and to the best of my recollection, I, don't ever recall having any conversations with foreign entities, let alone any who were offering to help to manipulate the outcome of an election. How many times is the president asked you to meet him in the White House, the White House's director not disclosed the substance of his. Did you meet with the president alone in the White House in 2017 I, don't know the answer to that. How many times did he direct you to deliver a message to a member of his cabinet? The White House is direct. I had not disclosed the substance of any discussions. What year isn't it did he ever discuss with you any concerns that he may have committed a criminal offense. The White House has directed not disclosed the substance of any discussions with the President or his advisors to protect executive branch confidentiality. Every time, I raise my right hand to God, I've sworn and told the truth. That's not my question to you, sir. We'll get to that. My question to you, sir, is on national television. Did you lie about your relationship with the Special Counsel and whether they sought your interview? I, don't know, and sir did you lie about it because you didn't want the world to find out that you were afraid you could be exposed to criminal liability, and you were only going to appear as to certain issues with a grant of immunity, protecting your words from being used against you in a criminal prosecution. I'm gonna go back through what director Muller stated he's not going to answer that question. I'm, not gonna. Allow you to use me as a backdoor into his methods. If you'd like to question director Mahler about the way of the investigation techniques of the Justice Department you've had that opportunity to do so, but clearly you didn't so take him back here and bring him before the committee can ask those questions. Those questions are not from me prior to the Muller report being published in redacted form. Did you ever misrepresent what you did on behalf of the president? I can't think of an instance where that would have occurred. Let me show you an interview that you did on May 14th of 2019. Excuse me a showed you from February 22nd 2019. Let me show it to you 2019. Thank you, I! Don't ever remember the president ever asking me to get involved with Jeff Sessions or the Department of Justice in any way shape. So you did you hear that, sir? That was you saying on MSNBC, you don't ever remember the president ever asking you to get involved with Jeff Sessions or the Department of Justice in any way shape or form that wasn't true. Was it sir I heard that, and that was not true? Was it I? Have no obligation be honest to the media just because there's just as as honest as anybody else see so you're admitting, sir, you were not being truthful in that clip correct my interview with re Melbourne. Yes, can we interpret any way you'd like? Are you an agent working on behalf of the Russian government? No sir, as a close friend and adviser of the president, you don't believe that the president is working on behalf of the Russian. Do you absolutely not dictated to you exactly what he wanted you to put into the mouths of Attorney, General, Jeff, Sessions, correct I, believe he asked me to deliver a message for Jeff to consider delivering himself strange that the president would sit down with you one-on-one and ask you to do something that you knew was against the law. I didn't think the president asked me to do anything illegal. You got cold feet. Yeah you chickened out! I went on vacation, you, education,.