Good afternoon, as you know, I may be an experienced police officer, but today, I'm standing here is the father of a murder victim. We are just distraught. This is really torn two families apart, our son Lucas was having the time of his life traveling the world. He met a beautiful young lady and they teamed up they're a great pair and they fell in love. We were overjoyed for Lucas, he came to Canada and he planned a trip in a van with China we'd been talking about it, we'd been discussing his trip and he communicated with us as they were, leaving what happened after that time will tell I guess we are hopeful of a positive outcome and obviously we're appealing, along with the RM CP, for anyone to contact who may have any information whatsoever. However, little please contact the police I'll take questions. There are some difficulties with the dates because of the time, differences between Australia and Canada, but we're in contact within hours of him. Leaving on this trip look Lucas was was just a fun-loving guy who you know had a goal to travel the world. He he saved up. All his money, whilst he was working in Sydney he set out on an adventure with a mate along that tour. He met China and they became an inseparable pair. You know it's, it's a love story, that's ended! Tragically, it really is it's the worst ever love story, because we now have two young people who had everything ahead of them: tragically, murdered, I'm, very grateful to the Commissioner of New South Wales police, the police and the Australian government have been over backwards for my family and I. They have provided me with support and part of that support that was offered was the services of two of our detectives to act as liaison between the family and the RM CP. We've got no specific plans in place at this stage, we're taking it a day at a time, it's extremely difficult for all of us and we just hope to be able to take a breath and, as I say we were in communication because of where he was. We were using services available at the time, but within hours of him, leaving on this trip with China I know, there's been a lot of speculation, but look as an experienced police officer. I know how these investigations go. My family I are more than satisfied with the resources of the RM CP that they're putting into this and I can tell you. I am more than confident in the commitment of all the officers who are working on this case. Look as the police officer you, you work with families all the time and you get a feel for the lay of the land is just as you see, but nothing prepares me. Nothing prepares my family for what we are going through now, I'm not going to be drawn into anything in relation to the investigations that are taking place by the Aaron sleepy.