But when when they first told us, I mean he's just a choreo showed up and and just said here, and it was all quite a shock on that day, you know taking away a British citizenship so that someone has to be forced to go to Canada well as a Canadian I think that's not such a bad thing and and I'd like to see Jack there, and he was quite interested in going there too, but it's the injustice of it all and the fact that you can't you know he's he's obviously British as well, and he was born and raised here as much as he spent lots of holidays and things in Canada. He mostly lived here. I'm, not gonna, try to change that I just think. It's so incredibly unfair I mean the the papers. We were given say that it's in the public interest to strip him of his produces and ship that it's not yeah, yeah that it's not conducive to his presence in the UK or something. But it's also it says not in the public interest for them to tell us or Jack. Why they've taken away a citizenship which so and- and it says you have to send this notice to him, which is how we gonna do that? Given he's in solitary confinement pretty much and he can't talk to anyone, has no access to lawyers or anyone medical treatment. Anything as far as we know to be quite honest: I, don't even know he's alive. No, then he has 28 days to to appeal. Well, we can't even communicate with him. I haven't spoken to my son in over four years, four and a half years, and we had it. We had some app messages through a messaging app two and a half years ago, when he first escaped from from Isis territory and the Kurds treated him really really well, and he was sending a lot of messages there, but I haven't actually directly spoken to him in so long. So I know there's a whole pile of feelings kind of going around, but still the massive feeling of frustration that, as a parent I, still can't protect my child and they won't let you and the frustration that I still don't know of any information of what supposed to have done wrong. If Jack, let's has done something wrong. I will be the first person to stand up and condemn him publicly and asked for him to go on trial and to be punished for what he did, because you know the horrible stories you heard that Isis did the people to use Edie's to all sorts of people. You know I utterly utterly, condemn that and I I agree with one of the lines in Ralph Goodale statement that you know we have to work together to stop terrorism, and these people should be punished. They've done something wrong, but there's this knee-jerk assumption, always that Jack was an Isis fighter. Where is this coming from? You know it was invented by a journalist from The, Sunday Times, and once you release that in the media, it just spins out of control, and you know you can't put the rabbit back in the Hat and and it just gets more, it's like a snowball, an avalanche. It gets worse and worse and worse, ending up with him having a citizenship stripped. The only evidence we have seen, we've been on trial. Well, I'll, try the trial lasted a month, but we've been prosecuted, as you probably know, for about four and a half years. I had been see, I've seen a lot of information and if there was any evidence that I felt that made Jack guilty of anything, I really wouldn't be putting my face out here in front of a television camera. The only evidence I know of is a photograph of him with his finger in the air on a rock outside Iraq. Now he went to Raqqa because he'd been injured when they dropped a bomb on his house and Raqqa was the only functioning hospital that could repair his arm and if you look closely at that, photo his head. His arms clearly been half blown off and that's why he went to Raqqa. It may have been the capital of Isis, but once you were trapped inside Isis territory, you couldn't escape. That was the big problem. He'd been living in Iraq with his wife. So you know, jack was put on trial in Mosul for standing up against against Isis. You know he opposed Isis. He said they were UNMIK I, don't really care where jack goes. What I want him is not to rot in a jail cell, not to die where he is, he's got kidney disease. There's all sorts of things going on. You know I'm sure he's not emotionally in the best State after four and a half years, and to now years in in a jail cell, he's never seen his child. He doesn't know his wife is alive or dead. He never speaks English I just want him to be out. Everyone wants to look really tough, but you know, being tough might also be demonstrated that you know, can that that you can be beat be tough on on crime, but also respect rights. What makes us Canadian I keep going back to it. We have a right to be considered innocent till proven guilty. You have a right to a fair trial. Isn't that why we're different from those people, we were fighting against I, think of the rocky Cummings and I think of Canada and I. Think Jack would have a much better life there.