They hung out all the time. Brier never had cam stay at his mom's house or his grandmother's. It was always at cams place or they had a few other close friends and and and they'd have their camp outs and all that I don't know much I. Just I. Don't want no fin. Cams cams, family, okay, I know they're hurting as much as I am I know. They're very confused. All I can say is my son did not have any real guns. My son did not have a vehicle. My son does not know how to drive. He was very introverted and, and he was very heavy into video games when he came to work for me for the summer right, I didn't pay him. I just had a very expensive custom-made computer for him, which he was quite content with. You know he wasn't into the ones where you know you have your machine gun and go shooting people. It was more into strategy where you move your troops here and there. So it's influence that haven't been good. His influence has been YouTube and video games. They've never got in trouble with the law. They never got into fights, you know they're just hanging out and having a good time. They weren't scrappers, they weren't cursors. You know they didn't go play. Minister man like macho know they were just everyday, regular kids, but both of them have to have a lot of pain inside both of them. They had told me that the Walmart jobs just weren't cutting it. They were gonna, go to Alberta and make some proper money I believe that's what they were. Gonna do and I was absolutely flabbergasted to learn that two days later and I found this out from the paper that they were up in the Yukon. Initially it looked like they were victims as well, right initially, and- and it's really tough for me to see in the paper today- photos of them alive and well in Saskatchewan, so I know they're not lost in the woods. That's such stuff, that's incredibly hard to deal with the normal child, doesn't travel across the country, killing people child in some very serious pain. Dice Mounties are gonna, shoot first and ask Bisons played later basically he's going to be dead today or tomorrow. He I knew that I was sitting this inspired, unliving I'm. So sorry, all this had to happen. I'm, so sorry that I couldn't budge to you.