Look closely at the crowd and you'll see it the letter Q on signs and on shirts at president Trump's rallies. The queue is short for queuing on a far-right online conspiracy theory, whose followers believe Trump is leading a covert effort against dark forces inside the US government. It is a somewhat fragmentary set of conspiracy theories that revolve around notions that Donald Trump will save the United States from various existing conspiracies, while queuing on has become tied to the president. It has also caught the attention of the FBI, along with a growing number of other fringe theories. In an internal memo, the bureau warns. Some of those conspiracy theories will likely motivate some domestic extremists to commit criminal, sometimes violent activity and could encourage the targeting of specific people, places and organizations. It's already happened last summer, a qyn on supporter barricaded himself inside an armored vehicle on the Hoover Dam in 2016, a man shot up a Washington DC restaurant after the pizza gate. Conspiracy, theory convinced him. Democrats were running a child sex ring inside the gunman who killed 11 at a Pittsburgh synagogue was allegedly motivated by a conspiracy theory about migrants. A majority of the domestic terrorism cases that we've investigated are motivated by some version of what you might call white supremacist violence, but it includes other things as well. Experts say social media has allowed for the rapid spread of misinformation, though people are not necessarily becoming more conspiratorial. What's different, now is that the President himself has at times seemed to support theories like queuing on inviting believers to a White, House social media summit and promoting them on Twitter and having the commander in chief being, maybe not conspiracy, theorist in chief, but at least a fan of and oftentimes amplifier of conspiracy theories is definitely new in that memo. The FBI says many of today's conspiracy theories are politically motivated and fueled by the partisan divide in America they warned those theories could take on new life and new intensity ahead of the 2020 election Jackson prosecco, Global, News Washington.