The fake news right I think that I think it's fake news. It was fakeness. Those words may mean less now than ever before. President Trump often spouts the phrase to attack stories. He doesn't like no matter how true they are. He'll use the term fake news to describe objectively true information as fake, but really it's true, but he just doesn't think it should be on the news media agenda at a time when it seems like made-up stories. Lurk on every corner of the Internet, the Society of Professional Journalists is fronting a campaign to get news consumers to understand what fake news really is. Real fake news isn't news at all using satire and humor. The organization is attempting to trademark the words fake news, telling global news. Since Trump took office, we've worked really hard to teach people what journalists do and how we do it. This was another direct example of that it gives people a call to action to go to the website to do your own research. It's not just a certain head of state we're going after the group is hoping that public awareness will curb attempts to devalue their work and its importance. The term fake news may have been popularized in the United States, but the campaign to trademark the two words is the brainchild of a Calgary based advertising agency. That became alarmed at what they saw happening here in Washington. We know the importance of a free and independent press, as as a defender of democracy, the campaign claims they will send a cease and desist letter. Each time fake news is uttered by anyone, you'll be hearing from us, even though legal challenges will likely get the best of them. The campaign doesn't really enjoy success of whether the trademark is approved or rejected, but successful or not avoiding the rabbit-hole that fake news can lead. Someone down is the key. Take away copy, interpret news, how they experience news, how they reflect on news. Those are really important concepts so America, because when all else fails, it's important to remember that's matter: Reggie Cecchini, Global, News, Washington,.