Well, we're concerned about local folks, particularly Palm, Beach County and North up the up the east coast of Florida heating, the instructions of their local officials on evacuations. This is a storm right now, that's clocking! In at a hundred and eighty five miles an hour, it's absolutely obliterating the Bahamas to put that in perspective, Hurricane Andrew, which was probably the most significant storm. Most of us remember in Florida, was 165 mile an hour. So this is a monster storm. The track is that it's bringing it close to Florida, then perhaps turning north before it gets to the coast. However, it is slowing down, but not slowing down, quite as much as anticipated, and so we've got to prepare that this is a storm that could directly impact Florida and not just be a storm. That's riding off the coast on these forecasts, you're talking about a little wobble here, a little wobble there can make the difference between 30 40 miles well from where that forecast is right. Now you go 40 miles west, all of a sudden you're, taking that over a lot of our coastal communities. So people need to be vigilant and they need to take preparations and listen to the instructions that are being handed down. We want people to be listening their local officials and heeding the calls to evacuate and listening to the instructions and preparing themselves. You know this storm, it's been, it's been frustrating as it's been uncertain. We had a track change that took it off Florida's coast 24 hours ago. The problem with that, and although we hope it continues in that direction, is a wobble here there could impact Florida greatly and I. Just don't want people to think that somehow, because most of the cone has it being in the Atlantic that somehow they're not at risk. This is a category 5 185 mile, an hour wind hurricane, and, to put that in perspective, that's 20 miles an hour more than Hurricane Andrew was in 1992. So this is a massive storm is absolutely obliterating the Bahamas and so I'm hoping for the best in terms of the track, but at the state level and I think people in Florida. They need to prepare for this to impact floor and and be prepared, taking, listen to instructions and do what you need to do to protect yourself and your family. Well, I think the biggest challenge was the whole state was in the zone, the cone three or four days ago, and so in terms of preparations. Obviously, we were telling everyone to remain vigilant. Now that we know the the threat is probably more focused on the East Coast. You know we're in a position to assist with the evacuations we've suspended tolls on all the roads who would be used for folks on the east coast of Florida, we'll be expanding. The lanes, if need be, to the shoulder, although right now we don't necessarily see any abnormal traffic, and then we have assets pre-positioned around the state that we'll use to assist people once the storm passes, and one of our priorities obviously is going to be rescuing anybody who's in peril, but then also trying to make sure we can get power reestablish. There's gonna be people that lose power in this I mean that's just the reality, but there's a lot of assets that have been pre-positioned and so we're working with the utilities on that. So I think the challenge is just it's a big long state. We don't know exactly the track of the storm, and so we've done our best to to be versatile and be able to respond to those needs as they arise. I evacuated, I think both of them I was on the coast there in Northeast Florida, and so you know, and we personally suffered some damage in both of those and I. Think that you know one of the problems was the people that suffered damage in Matthew. A lot of those same folks got whacked again in irma the next year. So here we are two years later than Irma and you have another really serious storm bearing down and I. Think Matthew is instructive in the sense that it did stay just off the coast. It hugged the coastline, but still did a lot of damage, and so these things when they're this strong, even if the eye wall doesn't get over land that can still have life threatening storm surge. You can see major flooding, particularly in places like Northeast Florida, and obviously you can see a lot of wind damage as well. So all of that is in the in the realm of possibility and if we watch we're gonna, obviously watch the storm. If we see see a turn in a positive direction will obviously be very, very thankful for that. That is not something that we can assume at this point.