Okay, everybody good good morning. Thank you very much for joining us again today. Today, chief Krause is gonna, provide some updates on the cases as it has progressed at the end of his statement. He'll take four or five statements and anything else would come through the media portal for the rest of the day. Thank you good morning and thank you for being here, we'd like to update you in the progress of the criminal investigation. First I realize that no action we take can replace the law suffered here. I'm deeply, sorry for what occurred I've received so many contacts from our officers. We want to express how sorry they are as well and how this is not indicative of the work they do every day. Human life is a precious thing. You should not have been taken from Miss Jefferson. This incident has eroded the trust that we have built with our community and we must now work even harder to ensure that Trust is restored. Concerning the status of the criminal investigation. At approximately 6:00 p.m. yesterday, aaron dean was arrested for the murder of Miss Jefferson. We obtained an arrest warrant after enough evidence and facts were analyzed and verified. A team of officers quickly effected his arrest at the office of his attorney. He was booked into the Tarrant County Jail, where his bond was set by the presiding magistrate. He has, since posted bond, we're continuing to work closely with the Tarrant County criminal district attorney's office to ensure this entire investigation is prosecuted and thorough, meticulous and solid manner to the citizens and the residents of our city. We understand your frustration and disappointment I too AM frustrated and disappointed by what occurred and the officers actions. We never won in officers response to a call to end in the loss of life. We have a great many officers who work extremely hard every day, and they do this a great sacrifice and with a servant's heart I, ask you to please do not let the actions of one officers reflect on the other 1700. There's absolutely no excuse for this incident and the person responsible will be held accountable. Miss Jefferson's family in our community, we'll have the last word and the courts will speak on her behalf each and every one of you have our support and our commitment to serve you better. We strive to be better every day than we were the day before my prayer, frittata Yanis family, our community in our department, comes from chapter numbers, chapter, 6, verses, 24 and 26. May the Lord bless you and keep you. May the Lord's face shine upon you and be gracious to you. The Lord lift up his countenance upon you and give you peace. Take some questions, as the city manager alluded to yesterday, we're looking at bringing in an independent third party, a group to come in and evaluate our policies, our practices and our training to ensure that we are above best practice standards. I cannot tell you what what he felt. He did not give a statement to our investigators. The the gun was found just inside the room, but it makes sense that she would have a gun if she felt that she was being threatened or there was someone in the backyard they were. They were. They were Fort Worth officers and I was not made aware that there was any any type of struggle or anything like that. Yes, so they believe they were responding to an open structure call and not just a welfare check. So the information came from the neighbor to the call takers and then, while it was relayed to the dispatch it, it was determined to be an open structure. Call I, don't know if it I can't tell you specifically if it was a dispatcher, but that's something we're looking into well. It depends on what the officers believed at the time if they think the structure is open due to somebody breaking in or something like that. That would elicit one response: if they, if they think it's just somebody left their door open. That would elicit a separate response. He has not been prosecuted yet he has simply been arrested. There's still a long, long haul ahead of us to my knowledge. Yes, so the morale, the morale pieces, I, don't have any officers saying this action should not have been taken against this individual, this officer I'm getting the complete opposite response. Chief. Thank you for being quick and decisive. This is gonna help heal us. The officers are hurting, I've been out there on patrol, and since this occurred and it's the officer, they come up and hug and it's very emotional because the officers they try hard every day to try to make this city better I likened it yesterday to some of our officers that are out there every weekend and most weeknights that that they're out there trying to build these relationships and I likened it to a bunch of ants building a an anthill, and then somebody comes with a hose and washes it away, and they just have to start from scratch and build over I. Think that's gonna! Be all. Thank you also. In addition, we've got we're going to be posting the arrest warrant to the media portal, so here in about 30 minutes, they'll be available on the media portal to you, I'm there's no more questions as far today. Thank you very much for being here. You.