Environment, wink I can sell in the situation up here for viewers. This is mr. pipeline, and this is mr. pipeline - and mr. Trudeau I'm, not so sure, but I'm Jack meat sing I will never force a pipeline on Quebec. That is clear. Current plan put forward by mr. Trudeau was to give huge exemptions. Polluters, large companies that have a special agreement with government taxpayers and Canadian workers have to pay a hundred percent of their carbon tax. There are no taxes in my plan places a massive exemption biggest emitters. You will not anything you want to win anything was my plan. Canadians will see what happens, we'll, invest for indigenous people. Mr. Schurr, we'll start with no singer, we'll start with you. Here we go again and I wore my orange turban again about anyways. Yes, that's a very serious question: did you see what I've seen? Yes, mr. Trudeau, he talks a lot of. He talks a good games publicly about the decisions he makes privately are the problem when it comes to indigenous communities. If there was a willingness to do something right away, it could be done it's as simple as that. If the decision was to fund indigenous kids the same way as other Canadian kids, that could be done, it shouldn't have to go to court. I would respect communities, it's a matter of dignity. If you start with that recognition, it could solve so many problems. Equal funding. Thank you is the starting point or head Mr Shearer. Thank you. Many Canadians wrote to us with their concern about the fact that about 50 migrants cross that rock some road at the Canadian border every day. Is that a problem for you? It's a problem, because we are now in a world where there are 70 or 75 million displaced persons. We recognize that we have a responsibility to make sure that these people go through our entire immigration system and that's what we're doing. We've made the necessary investments and there's no a free pass to get through the border. Whether people arrive in a regular or in a regular way at the border. They have to go through a security check and they have to go through. Every step of our immigration system is may. Climate change is an issue for the entire planet, not just for Canada. Yet in the next ten years, China intends to open six new coal plants every month. How can we ensure that Canadians will not be obliterated by the actions of other countries, rich industrialized countries increase in greenhouse gases, it's impossible for us to play a role worldwide in UN negotiations. Key to this problem is that conservative and liberal governments have chosen to neglect indigenous communities. They had the opportunity to do something if they wanted to when they have a chance to do something for the oil patch. They jump on the chance to buy all supplies a huge cost if you're gonna do something do it alongside First Nations do not impose a top-down, they have the right to be part of two people. Mr. Trudeau, this is very recent. Last 30, you appealed a judgement that ordered the government to pay $40,000 to indigenous children that were given to child protection. Were you not supposed to be the champion of reconciliation and we are, and we continue to champion reconciliation? We agree with the court that we absolutely have to compensate those children and we're going to do that. We're going to work with them to establish the right level of compensation, but we have made concrete investments. Over the last four years we were able to get rid of 87 long-term boil water advisories after ten years, where mr. Harper did nothing we've created as new schools. We have made new investments in partnership with indigenous peoples, but we understand that we need to continue to move forward, there's still a lot to do, but Chief Pelle, berry, bellegarde of the Assembly of First Nations, has recognized that no government has more done more for indigenous peoples than we have lawyers for your government. The result overturn our trying to overturn the ruling with the court that we must compensate these children. Why do you appeal the decision, because the timeline of doing it by December doesn't work with the elections that were in right now we are going to compensate those children, but it's going to take a bit of time to do it. The right way, I've always been clear. I do not want to intervene. What I do want to do the twos your duty calls is always concepted fight against division against discrimination. I know a lot of people face discrimination in their lives. It's wholly unacceptable. I want people to get to know me and Quebec and all across the country. I speak to people, I say yes, I, wear a turban but I'm in favor of the right to abortion in favor of fighting climate change. Sure I wear a turban, but we share the same values. It's all about values. If you want to protect society, you need to reinforce women's rights, their right to choose. That's how you create a fairer society and that's what I'm willing to do have always been very clear as well. We will not intervene at this stage, because this is a question, an issue where Quebecers are challenging this unfair law of this laws that they find unfair before the courts. It would be irresponsible for a federal government to close the door to ever intervening at a future stage when freedoms and fundamental rights are at issue. We need to be there to protect francophones outside of quebec. We need to be there to fight for the rights of women, for the rights of the LGBTQ community and for the rights of religious minorities. I will always defend the rights of everyone and we'll see when we come to the next stages, he would get involved and mr. Singh said the very opposite to what he said in English just a few days ago. I will Danny, but stick by my word. This is a Quebec area of jurisdiction, secularism in Quebec the way things are now it's a Quebec area of jurisdiction. We have to honor that we can't step in and ride roughshod over Quebec's areas, its jurisdiction, we're not going to intervene like mr. Trudeau has indicated, will and we're not going to him and hold on true to sing sing sing. You said at a press conference after your last last debate that you would intervene at the Supreme Court stage. Can you give us more details? I simply repeated a faster Trudeau said and I repeated it. What I said clearly was that I do not want to intervene. I don't want to what I do want to do is to win over the hearts of people. That's what I've always said. That's what I want to do, because I know that the politics of division is not good for society. I'm harmful, clear. The is a possibility that the federal government might need to intervene, but it's not guaranteed mr. birnley because we are going to let's at the court case, follow its course, but I think Canadians expect that a federal government be there to defend, for example, francophone communities. If, for example, a conservative majority government under Doug Ford wanted to attack francophones in Ontario, they expect the federal government to be there to defend them. I, don't know what the people of Quebec would do if that were to be the case for Quebecers the notion of secularism. It's a progressive values that comes from the quite revolution. It's welcoming! It's a protects, it's fair, it's fair for men and women, it's not something that is restrictive in the heart and mind of Quebecers I appreciate it. Some say that it's up to Quebec to decide now mr. Singh you're not saying the same thing in English and in French, and when we're talking about secularism, mr. Trudeau speaks about Brunswick and their right to more ship. Becker's need to know that it will elect people who are in favor of secularism, the people who would lose before the Supreme Court. Would they feel that this is an institutional lack of respect? Some might ask themselves that question I'm, convinced that is not the legal government's intention that it's not a sovereign. Since I'm the only person who has been clear on the matter, we will not intervene. We didn't only say we don't want to. We said we won't. That was my position at the very beginning. It's my position today and it will be my position after the election. What is clear so that mr. Blahous priority is to try and stir up sovereign ISM once again, he will work with the Parti québécois, the second. The elections are over to try and lead to a new referendum. That's his priority and that's clear, open debate now I'm going to ask you a question and then that's up to you to respond. It's in a crisis situation that you can measure the judgment and transparency of a leader, you've always forgiving some candidates or let them go Barisan candidates. So from now on, can you tell us that there will be zero tolerance for any candidate or MP? Who would make any racist comments? Mr. Boucher first understand why this question is asked tonight. Any of the candidate had refused to apologize explicitly. They were not be a candidate of this look tonight, because I can state I'm I'm sure that the fact that I was that I wrote in newspapers that was on key before I know that everybody looked into that would a fine-tooth comb. It's the same for my colleagues on stage tonight. What is essential for me in an election campaign is that people choose for whom they'll vote based on the values they put forth, and we will work for Quebec for examples of people. What we had to forgive you and mr. Trudeau Mr Shearer as well I can say is that there is one candidate did not meet our policy, that is a Cal, a candidate who breached ethics guidelines twice, who lied about many things in their life, and that is the Liberal Party no candidate Richard, our ologies are important, but intentions and values and concrete measures that are taken are important as well, and we will always judge on values and actions taken by everyone. It's a part of the election and a choice before people are people representing their values, we'll be there to defend them, and people know that for four years, I have been defending them and we will continue to move forward. Defending those values together. Mistake is that they take ownership thereafter. We just need to ensure that they share Canadian values of tolerance, acceptance, freedom. Our party has been founded personal responsibility and freedom to live by those, that's a question of authenticity if a person apologizes but doesn't commit to change in the future, there's no strong commitment to do things differently. So in that case it would be I know, but if a person says their story and commits to change if they share our values, they can stay in our party. Our value is to work for people not for the wealthy. Our value is to defend human rights. We want to advance social justice and fight the climate crisis. We can do this together and that's exactly the type of candidates and team we have and we need a number of people. Who've asked me: why run for a party in an election in our democracy, because there are always things that are embarrassing, but to me it's an issue of the level of their comments. We have zero tolerance for racism, anti-semitism, sexism. We have zero tolerance, that's clear! We have to think about this because in the last few weeks in this election, we have spent an awful lot of time on a small politics not to try to find a way to work together to fight the climate, emergency and I. My last breath I will try to stop the climate II to work together. We need to make the right choice. We need to move forward to fight against climate change and we will continue to move forward. Thank you, mr. Schurr, mr. blush, a and mo conclusion this. The choice for this election is clear. Four, more years of hoax, more expensive lives or a conservative government that will make life more affordable for everyone will be in the House Commons. We will vote in favor when it's good for Quebec against what is not good for conviction. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you.