What is it about this five grown men singing in harmony and dancing? Dare I, say it in sync that make adult women and men act like this gushing shrieking teenagers? It is so hard to explain my heart. I'm, getting goose bumps the whole shebang. I'll be sitting down hanging out waiting for them as soon as they get out just jump on my feet. I'll be screaming, I'll be dancing. I'll get yelled at by the people. Behind me, I felt, like I, was 13 and reliving a dream. The truth is backstreet's, not back they've, been here all along producing music every few years for the past two decades when they dropped their tenth album DNA this year it topped the charts the last time that happened was almost two decades ago, with the release of black and blue in the year 2000. So what explains the not-so boy? Band's popularity? Suddenly spiking well look around. Are you noticing a rise of 90s nostalgia? Even Tamagotchis are making a comeback and the resurgence is no coincidence. Today's nostalgia really targets millenials because they are of that age where they're just feeling the beginnings of a midlife crisis, just feeling what it means to be working every day of your life for the rest of your career, to understand what it means to be parents for the first time what it means to be married and coupled and it's you know it's being at all and and Millennials are experiencing that right now, so marketing their nostalgia for the freedom they've lost is the commodity that you can tap into right now. So what does a Backstreet Boy? Think of this theory absolutely have to have credit to this whole resurgence of 90s, music and and all the other artists that are out there doing very well as well. Like you said it's it's, it's really helped us almost to a point. Have you know lightning striking a bottle twice, which is amazing because a lot of artists, especially when they have success, that we were blessed with that magnitude trying to get that again twice is very hard. It nostalgia with some hard work and some good timing. It goes a long way. Bsb aren't the only 90s musicians touring this year. The Spice, Girls, aqua and Hanson are all back, hopefully that we bring this our fans back to that moment when they first heard that song the memories that they created with us and then, most importantly, maybe it's because there was a one guy in the group called Howie D a lot and one in the group that makes it makes them really wanna come back playing games. This wave of nostalgia is nothing new. In fact, it's right on schedule. It just targets a different generation every time. If we go ahead to the 1980s, we had this huge thing for the 1960s, where people were all you know, nostalgic and and thinking about how wonderful the 60s now interesting the 60s were. If we go into the 1990s, there was a real fondness for the early 1980s in the late 1970s, with all the punk and new wave and and electro pop stuff that was coming up. He adds that this too shall pass, so we might as well enjoy it while it lasts. Yes, B, on the other hand, say as long as they'll be music they'll be coming back again, we're never gone. We had a CD called, never gone as well. So you know we're still here. So tell me why no pun intended pun intended.