A well-attended wex, it rally this past weekend in Edmonton promoting separatism on the prairies. The backlash to the election on the prairies seems to have been heard across the country where a new government with a 33% mandate as most Canadians believe in Canada, is more divided than ever. They see a party elected government with less than a third of the vote. They see an electoral map, that's divided east/west urban rural. They see the rise of the bloc québécois, it's hard, not to conclude that it's a country, that's divided. The divide we saw on election night with the Conservatives sweep in blue across the prairies is reflected in new data from epsilen ad ins were asked. Would my province be better off if it's separated from Canada? Now this is just days after the election, but the number better off separated is up to one third in Alberta eight points more than a year ago and 27% in Saskatchewan up nine from last year. Now the number is only 13% in BC and dropping and in Manitoba they've never been much inclined to separate. So it is focused on the two central western provinces. Here now in the rest of the country, only Quebec has significant separatist sentiments. The prairies in Quebec are interesting because they have similar numbers, but the intensity is going in the opposite direction. Does the election outcome, for example? Make you feel angry well? Quebec is the least angry province in the country. Only 18 percent agree. The election made them feel angry in Alberta and Saskatchewan. At least. 50 percent feel somewhat angry that it is whose temperament to be amenable the separatist, beak, hew leader, made it clear. He can work with this Parliament remarkably different from the past, but Prairie apprehension is rising. We have a more divided country. It's driven in part by concerns. The Western oil economy will be allowed to wither by the rest of the country. These are historic numbers in terms of level of anger and Alberta and Saskatchewan. They are rising numbers in terms of mood toward separation and the challenge for the new Trudeau government will be addressing Prairie anxiety without a single Liberal MP from either Alberta or Saskatchewan Eric Sorenson, global Jews, Toronto.