When Hurricane durian toppled large trees and swept seaweed ashore in this section of Southeast New Brunswick, it was just the latest powerful storm to erode a sandy vulnerable coastline. We see higher tides, stronger winds, more severe storms and therefore, what we're doing is trying to mitigate even a rock wall on the beach doesn't go far enough for residents like Debbie Finney who live here year-round. We would like to see maybe something a little more sturdy or something that made you know. Mother Nature wouldn't really have a hard fight to to move from us since the devastating storm surged nine years ago, that caused almost a million dollars in damage they've taken other measures, including lifting their cottages and houses off the ground and the village of Port Elgin has acquired some new hardware. This is a generator for power power outages. The generator will protect the water supply, but buying a second generator, so the fire hall can be used as an emergency. Shelter is a big challenge with no obvious government funding. If there was opportunity there to get into a government program for the climate change and to help out the local small communities, that'd be great, there is a fund designed for disaster mitigation. A two billion dollar federal program to qualify a project must cost at least twenty million dollars, half of which must be paid by the municipality. That's fine for big jobs like flood management at Lake, Manitoba and Lake, st. Martin and Mill Creek flood mitigation in Kelowna BC for smaller projects. The fund is useless and has proven both immensely popular for large communities and too restrictive for smaller communities to apply in the Maritimes. Rising sea levels are projected to envelope this essential corridor of land. Joining New Brunswick to Nova, Scotia local leaders say whichever measure is chosen to prevent being engulfed, will cost far more than any municipality can afford. Under the federal disaster fund in Port Elgin buying that other generator, so people can ride out power. Outages together means turning to familiar sources. There is some opportunity, through some of the local businesses in the area as well, we're doing a fundraiser, that's chase chase the ACE for climate change, the game of chance. They prefer not to play Ross Laura global news portal, game, New, Brunswick,.