Also had mercy that they know rudaba, a machine is not Mohandas on a carry shadow, the Felicity for cement. She said you see who called in the usual Canada is a pattern until acasio assembly, the polysilicon shoe, cannot equal 14, accentuated canonically pneumonia and a seeker Lita actual denote Vermont cigarette content, Donato Jojo Alice on the news activity in indecision Valhalla mr. Murdock eco-city, president Bach, dr. Chaman, good intelligence. Well, and he could the Australian intend of things pass. You will see it here around the world, hard-working middle-class, people are already having a time mate having a hard time making ends meet even with the growing economy, they're worried about their jobs, but the businesses about their future. They wondered what this uncertainty around the global economy means for their retirement for the kids for their community. We in Canada believe that we should put the best balance sheet in the g7 to work for the middle class. It's up to the leaders of all g7 countries to work together, not only to avoid economic hardship, but to build a global economy that doesn't leave anyone behind and creates real jobs and real opportunities for people. That's why I asked for the g7 finance ministers to monitor any signs of risk and report back to their leaders, so our countries can take concerted action to address them and maintain a strong and stable global economy, which in turn creates growth for Canadians and other things we discussed over the weekend was reforms to the World Trade Organization to ensure that trade is not only free but fair. We need to have clean international trade rules. Canada is working with a group of WTO members, known as the Aqua group to help modernize this organization in its crucial role of facilitator, international trade and resolving disputes, and while we seek to reform and strengthen the WTO, Canada is also working with the EU to establish a new appellate mechanism, so that will still be possible to arbitrate trade disputes in the meantime. By taking these proactive steps, Canada is playing a leading role in bringing more certainty to the global economy, while making it easy for companies to expand and create more of the good middle-class jobs. People need lubbers when the battle is economy, khilafat Atos, it simply a particular false path: - industry, / -- was he listening. Le comte mSATA, the Saprissa donalds GG ce o-- catholic. When removed the full-si continued as a cruisee, he stashes, the suki sepal is a mini farm. The rich will approve this economy. Emotional development, the zone is ecology for absolument complain. Park is a hot nor thermal motion, even v de atras, Guanyin, mu c la confianza, propagation, allagadda, commerce, mundial la cooper ratio, international internet democracy. Last year, Canada set up the gender equality Advisory Council to ensure that the conversations taking place at the g7 included gender equality at their very core. Whether we were mapping out how to better promote women in stem or leading critical discussions about gender-based discrimination. The work of the council shaped our vision of an inclusive g7 and a better world for all. It's fantastic. That France chose to continue with the council ambassador view dome, which aired who co-chaired the council last. You has continued. The important work can and its partners started in shallows. What like addressing gender-based violence and increasing the number of women in leadership positions Canada also signed on to the beer, our partners, we raised a historic 3.8 billion dollars for women and girls, education in crisis and conflict situations. As part of this commitment, I highlighted a number of new projects to support girls education, because we know that when girls and women succeed entire communities thrive, we also had the chance to meet with African leaders to talk about regional security, including in the Sahel region, and about helping people in equal world to create better initiatives and better tools that tackle the most pressing issues. We need a wide range of experience and expertise around the table when I met with African leaders, we discussed the importance of encouraging growth through trade and attracting investment that benefits everyone does not support. Russia's, reintegration to the g7 Russia has yet to change the behavior that led to its expulsion in 2014 and therefore should not be allowed back into the g7. Russia's aggression and illegal annexation of Crimea is completely unacceptable. Canada has and will always defend, Ukraine's sovereignty. We also talked a lot about the climate crisis. At this side, people around the world are shocked and devastated to see the Amazon engulfed in flames. Minister Freeland has reached out to her counterparts in Brazil and Bolivia, and her government has been in touch with the Brazilian government to offer our support to put an end to this crisis. Today, alongside other g7 countries, Canada is stepping up to fight the fires in the Amazon. Canada is offering to help by sending water bombers as well as a finance, so contribution of 15 million dollars. Now we could pretend that the situation in the Amazon is just part of a natural cycle, but that's not exactly what's going on here. The toll of human activity and extreme weather events on our communities, our environment, our health and our world will continue decline unless we take decisive action as part of our broader commitment to fight climate change. We've also made investments through the Canadian climate fund to finance climate climate adaptation and mitigation strategies in the Americas professional ngons economies moved to Ottawa in a song for infielders initio in Italian da da Silva. He led beyond development. As adaptive repeat, she settled is rafidhi. Progress consider have as Nivola a Charlevoix new servo single shaft, so bleep last signal is a CEO. He proposed a massive shampoo, eliminate the pollution plastic and that Swiss on cap guns also, please evander governor, don't be able to less Emma and three lash out with yahoo. In the yahoo, polymeric vaccine and yeah dearly Calculon a plan. She said the shadow of one news, a volcanic off. He knows your economy booms. You have an example in Kenya at the eraser movie afield me not honk asthma, at 4000 new. The latest model for where polo team o TLD be on development, a synaptic with a federal team of social legal. Most swinging pretty much cannot forget my mother, also please for cocaine in sauce what metic completion of page recently Canada set engage a man here. The plastic is a unique oukitel. She knows a CEO, you know no code, O'neill even thought. This is not a chapeau, your memory, so evolution overall we've had a very productive few days here at the g7 I'm, looking forward to building on the progress we made this weekend and work even more closely together to tackle the most pressing issues facing not just our countries but the world. Thank you once again for joining us know, happy to take your questions. Hi, Prime Minister, you say you're optimistic about the ability to make progress on dealing with the challenging issues facing the world, but Donald Tusk gave a stark warning on the first day of the gathering here in Biarritz that this summit may be the last chance to restore the political community. There is no large-scale communications reduced to a single age. So, given that lack of consensus and possibly ambition, how confident are you that the g7 can be effective in a short to medium term, to deal with a lot of the big issues, given that the US president is office? Omega I was actually very pleased that we were able to come together on so many significant issues that matter to Canadians and indeed to people around the world. We came here to make sure that Canada's voice was loudly and clearly heard around the around the global table on issues that matter deeply to us and by extension, to everyone around the world, so whether it was concrete confirmations of support and actions on a range of issues from the Amazon to the Middle East or whether it was deeply discussing and and following up on situations facing the global economy. We are very pleased with a significant dialogue and constructive conversations. We move forward with you repeated your position that you would not welcome Russia back into the g7 Donald. Trump cannot do that without support from the other members, but his chair of the summit next year. He can invite guests if he invites Russia. What will you do? Would you attend the conference if Vladimir Putin is going, but the I have never tried away at global summits from tables around which mr. Putin sat and contributed. I had direct conversations with him in which I have reinforced Canada's concerns around a range of Russia's, behaviors and actions and I give it an opportunity. I will repeat myself and listen to what he has to say. I think the important thing is to recognize that the g7 is a gathering of like-minded nations that have committed to moving forward in a positive way for the global economy and Russian Russia's actions both in Ukraine and in other ways, have clearly made it not eligible for partnership in this group of like-minded countries to do very much to continue to of Netaji, which is very I. Remember about the conversations Iraq directly mezquita clear for massacre, and it is actually the song la escena provider considering cameto, and she said you know if you know them up or even below remember, to consolation. Some gives you the physical to achieve her gonna municipal sake, newspaper behavior, doctor afternoon, sushi settlement Canada mr. clumsy killers. For me, there's attorney yeah. It's equally guess give us room at home. He emerges, read plethora quarter the world leadership elephants own evil. Dj said about the indoor movements who gonna be famous found. A shallow coasters were the metal, is in against D, husana class way and the professional economy modular curses. What CC eye protection is racino curses was illegally diesel. Oh continue. The Banshee also be priority, can attack my Cove WA and insulin. Ci are dormant continued de Oaxaca. It increased in India the consolidation scalpel ischemic as a fencer man. Yesterday till the doom invite one movie in KD c, xqg way: I plan to Canada a vision radically service miracle, Krisha Kennedy only come on - Jonesy, cavalry avec la communauté internationale the first four specific pork excessively to moment basis, estaba old apple, only party vehicle, a solution, seven trivia, river, total measuring. You can idea a popular service mimic on a Solomon que tienen cosas avec la communauté internationale elisions. You were possessive linked to a moon base. Adjustable. Take it for shows care, no wait. We can idea about that be English. We've always been very, very clear. We will move forward on a global issue with our global partners, which is why we're happy to continue to work with the OECD on figuring out exactly how to make sure that everyone is paying their full and fair share. We recognize that Canadians I wouldn't be playing paying more for their already very expensive internet and communication services, and that's something we will take into into account as we move forward to ensure that this system is fair for everyone. My ministry spoke about the importance of dealing with climate change through this forum. What message does it send when the President of the United States doesn't even show up? The president has made his perspective on climate change very clear, made it very clear over over the past years. We believe that climate change is a real and existential threat to our planet, and that's why, as a country and as a government, we have moved forward unequivocally in leadership. Climate change, whether it's putting a price on pollution or progressively phasing out coal or protecting our oceans or facing out plastics Canada, has been unequivocal in its leadership on that understanding that you cannot have a plan for the future of the economy, unless you also have a plan to fight climate change. Now the President and even some conservative politicians at home seem to disagree with us on that, but I'm very much. Looking forward to the lecture which we get to have this conversation with Canadians, please don't thump made for bajjis a perspectives, a little context on multimatic a to most seekers just be performed alone on this occur between a solution. Just sequestered facade of our platinum. That economy sit about a contract for partition of your own mind, with a completion automatic, simple structure on the New York Regional Police Joseph's on Cottage Oh Suzie on see also complete, often dependent Pena in plastic recession Nick's ago so connected by the professor man, aluminum roshambo me mr. Trump mmm, the police, you Canada salt on this occur avec moi, syllabus web protection of even know. If you dia enlistment of near there was a conversation, I think he can take remotely if it simile kinetic variable clinics, you know to talk finger muscles, sub economy, I, don't know on the Amazon forest fires, the 22 million dollars u.s. pledged by the g7 sounds like a very small number. Can how serious you seem to think the problem is, why wasn't more offered one? He said a not get behind. I can't speak for my g7 partners, but we are happy to announce right here right now. Canada will be investing fifteen million dollars ourselves towards this crisis in the Amazon. These forest fires in the Amazon on top of sharing and sending down water bombers that are so significantly needed. One of the things we've seen over the past years as Canada has faced increasingly extreme wildfire events. Is there is a global network of support and friends that lean on each other, whether it's Mexican, firefighters or even Australian firefighters, we've had many people come to help Canada during our difficult years and I'm very happy to be able to say that we will be there to support our friends in in South America as we fight a blaze that has impacts not just on their region but on our entire planet nursery kodanda. No sickness alive is JFK's million dollar net on the mezzanine, Oprah's Hawaii, the associated equipment. Okay, this a view that you see the leg to be the Pope here. Come the Mexican distress table called an attorney even excitement of artichokia on a director my contract and was an anonymous government Global News. What did you think at the decision to invite the Iranian Foreign Minister here and did you have any terrain? We had a very robust conversation on Saturday night on this subject of around where we agreed that not only do we need to ensure that Iran doesn't develop nuclear weapons that we need to see a de-escalation and more peace and security in the region, and that should happen through engagement and dialogue with the Iranian government. That's that's why we were pleased to see the immediate next steps of dialogue, beginning with with Iran the following day. We don't have any direct diplomatic relations with Iran, but we are certainly part of the discussions that is calling for peace and de-escalation in the region on China. Were you hoping to see a stronger stance on the two detained Canadians from the g7 has um every one around the table at the g7? Indeed, most of our partners around the world have been very clear that the arbitrary detention of two Canadians is something that is of concern, obviously not just to Canada, but to the entire global community. It remains at the forefront of our preoccupations with China. We will continue to bring it up at every occasion. Hi Eric regularly with The, Globe and Mail, have a question on brexit. Would you like to see Canada become the first country destroyed country, deal post brexit? What we was, what we would very much like to see is a minimal amount of disruption to and global economy, regardless of the next steps taken. Certainly Canada has deep ties of friendship and trade with the UK, and we would certainly hope to see that continue as smoothly as possible. Our officials will be getting together to continue to discuss how we can ensure that that there is minimal disruption for Canadian businesses and for our citizens around the world, but could that include a trade deal? The secretary deal pretty much out of the gate. We have been doing a very good job over the past four years of signing very big trade deals, whether it was with Europe whether it was with that North America or indeed with the growing economies of Asia, and we look forward to having our officials continue the discussions that we've had over the past years with the United Kingdom on the issue of ensuring that the tremendous and positive trade between our two countries continues in a way that is, is beneficial to us all. Cbc does Canada have anything to contribute to the launch by president macron, where what? If anything, can we contribute to this? We continue to be part of the global community that is calling concretely for a reduction of tensions in the region, and we support the jcpoa and it's and it's important goal of continuing to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons. We have a range of sanctions on Iran, we just had equipment and you need frigates in the Persian Gulf as part of our our engagement in the region. We're going to continue to support our partner and says we strive for open mobility in in the Persian Gulf and a de-escalation of the of the situation. Prime Minister. Your party campaigned on improving relations with Iran in 2015. That's not happening as Canadians. Well know, one of our first priorities in any situation is standing up for Canadians who are in difficulty around the world. We have done that consistently had a number of very strong successes where we have engaged and got the Canadians out of difficult situations, and there are a handful. There are a small number of consular cases in Iran that we continue to be preoccupied with Prime Minister. The US presidents reported to have disliked some of the. The conversations are the focuses of some of the meetings he skipped the climate change working session. So how concerned are you when the US takes over the presidency next year? That you know conversations about gender and climate will not be part of the defendant? I think the g7 is a really important moment for us to come together and discuss a range of important issues. The US and Canadian pressure on on this g7 ensured that there was a sick. We can focus on the global economy and there are always ways that people who come to the g7 can influence the topics of conversation and the discussions that are had. But anytime, you get. You know a number of significant global leaders together to talk about the big issues that the world is facing, reverse of where it is, are we sitting in the chair? There are opportunities to highlight concerns that Canadians have concerns that people around the world haven't show leadership on how we solve them. So I always look forward to opportunities to get together with my counterparts and promote the things that both have worked in Canada, but also challenge people to move forward in the right direction. On global issues. You seem pretty strategic in the way that you presented yourself at this summit, focusing on key campaign issues of yours like the economy and climate. So how much were, or were you playing more to a domestic audience than an international one, with the election in mind, when we had the opportunity to host the g7 last year in Charlevoix, our focus was on. The global economy was on growth for the middle class and indeed on climate and oceans. The year before that at the g7 we brought forward strong issues around the global economy and climate change. These are the issues that matter to Canadians and indeed matter to people around the world. We will always highlight them in our actions and in our in our engagements, the world depends on Canada to be there to step up, to be part of shaping the solutions that are going to matter. We are tremendously fortunate in Canada to have a strong voice on the world stage that both benefits other people around the world and benefits Canadians by ensuring that their preoccupations are being responded to and create opportunities I'm going to continue to do that. Every opportunity I get to serve and represent Canadians, either at home or on the world stage. New Haqqanis, okay bujji sectors as well and a posse set a new doctrine. A posse ravney is an automatic fashion. The Canadians and five the Canadian economy, mangy alley - Roman, Coppola Canada pascal it'll, be a typo in doc. Memo g command centre, national de precios, an automatic so - Jacques, Lacan idea, -, so apparently, legality, Dijon, David small dawned on development. Today, the profession Polly Canadian, you know what to solely swing a processor. If I can endure continued evolving for thought, with all that out. Merci beaucoup, to not.