I we've got the date and time established already and, as most of you know, the Gilroy Garlic Festival is an event that we put on every year I and we typically host between 80 and a hundred thousand people to our festival. It takes several thousand people a day, volunteering to make this festival work, and so, at the time that the incident occurred, you know it was near. The end of the final day was last night Sunday questions that were asked. You know regarding the security and the way that we manage and monitor it from our law enforcement and public safety perspective is that we have police personnel on-site the entire time of the festival. We actually create a police compound where we have a command center, a booking area. You know all the things that you would need to run a major operation like this. The officers are deployed throughout the park and they're assigned to different regions of the park. So they're spread out. We don't have officers all in one spot I when this call came in the shots being fired. I, the closest team of officers responded immediately. They were there in engaging the suspect in less than a minute. The suspect was armed with a assault-type rifle and he as soon as he saw the officers he engaged the officers and fired at the officers with that rifle and I had three officers that engaged the suspect and despite the fact that they were outgunned with their handguns against a rifle. Those three officers were able to fatally wound that suspect and the event ended very quickly. First, then, we had the aftermath of dealing with the victims and in the EMS side of things we put out a call for help. We had over 20 agencies, federal state, county and local agencies from all over that responded people down into our Park I. It was just incredible to see the cooperation and how quickly they put this together and how quickly they were able to render aid to people. I can't tell you how proud I am of the officers for being able to engage this guy as quickly as they did, because we had thousands of people there in a very small area, and you know it could have gotten so much worse. So so fast, and so I'm really proud that they got there as quickly as they did and that they were successful in in taking the threat right out of the equation. You have three people deceased confirmed deceased. We have one was a six year old, six year old male victim. We also had a 13 year old female victim, and then we had another male victim in his 20s. We don't have a motive for the shooting, as yet we did have reports of a potential. Second suspect we don't have any confirmation that any second suspect did any shooting, but we certainly are investigating all leads to try to determine who that potential second suspect is, and what exactly that person's role was we found out. You know some of the federal agencies helping us out. We found out that the rifle that this suspect used was an SKS there's, a ak-47 type assault rifle. It was purchased legally in the state of Nevada on July. The 9th of this year and reports have been going out of potential, suspect and I will confirm that the suspect is the person that several news media have been inquiring about, Santino, William Logan was 19 years old, I and I say. That name was some hesitation, because I don't believe that somebody like this deserves the notoriety of the recognition, but I also understand that you all you know want to have some confirmation of that. You know we really don't know. We've gotten multiple reports that there may have been another person with him that they ran this way or they ran that way, but different people gave different versions. So we just we really don't know at this point. We we are not identifying the victims at this point. Typically, that's something that we leave up to the County coroner's office to make sure that all the notifications are done before that's released, achieve two questions for you: had your officers not acted quicker, would there have been more bloodshed and where those officers, weren't body cameras? So the answer to the first question is there absolutely would have been more bloodshed, I believe I with the number of people and the in the small area that they were in it's very, very fortunate that they were able to engage them as quickly as they did and then the second part of the question is we: do our officers do wear body cameras which who was at the moment that this happened and who's Adam honored wood I, don't have that information yet, but we will get that as we move forward in the investigation. Well, I think any time a life is lost. It's it's a tragedy, but when it's young people it's even worse and dad, you know it's just it's very difficult right, I, don't know that! There's I, don't know what. If any association there is, it seems that this was a random act, but again we've got a long way to go before we can come to a determination. What is what his motivation was now I did make a commitment to the spanish-speaking stations that I would give an interview.