Well, look if you got property close to the beach and you have that kind of storm surge, insert' astray, your property, which I think you know if you're living there at the time can cause issues. I don't know, will, if you have anything else on on that, but I mean certainly for people. You know seeing pictures of people surfing in Florida I mean that is not a good idea right now. The storm is going to be being honest, very quickly, it'll be here in the morning and that's the kind of things that we just want to avoid people I mean we do not want to have a death here in Georgia because of the storm or because of somebody not taking this seriously. It really is a unique storm and how slow it has moved because it's truthfully. It's sat for two days now without moving and and as the governor mentioned, it has downgraded a little bit in wind speed, but the expectations are that, as it begins to move it's going to be moving over warm water again and it's gonna potentially be building strength. So this storm could be more powerful when it reaches our coast than it currently is and, and, as the governor said, the track from this morning's forecast to this afternoon's for class actually has moved it closer to our coastline and when it comes to the evacuation, the only thing that I could add to that is is that people that stay? Not only are you going to be cut off and there's going to be no stores no place to go. Your power is going to be out, but your your city or counties they're going to be cutting off the municipal water systems and the wastewater systems. So that's something you need to factor in your considerations. If you really want to stay or not, the reality is this: if you stay, there is nothing you can do to protect your property or save your property. The storm is going to do the damage that's going to do regardless of whether you're in your home or not. The only thing that you have done by staying. There is increasing the probability or the chances that you could be injured or, worse and and for what purposes? At risk, there really isn't a valid reason for anyone to do that. Err on the side of caution, leave and we're going to be very diligent and making recommendations to the governor's office about getting people back in when it's safe. To do that, we want you to be out and be safe and then we're gonna work really hard to get you back to your property. So you can assess your damage or see if you have any damage.