And based on the recommendation, federal state and local partners, last Thursday I issued an executive orders. You know declaring a state of emergency in 12 coastal counties for hurricane durian, preparation response and recovery. In this afternoon, Camden and Glynn County were placed under hurricane watch and storm surge watch, so we're on the lookout for that for the entire coast. Hurricane watch means a hurricane conditions within the next 48 hours to ensure a none update, supply of petroleum products, emergency supplies and food also temporarily, temporarily waived specific weight, height and length restrictions for vehicles traveling through Georgia for disaster response. I've also suspended regulations which limit the hours of commercial vehicle drivers I believe that these measures will greatly assist with ongoing storm prep and disaster response efforts, but we still have much work to do. We have remained in close contact with the White House and President Trump Florida Governor Ron de santis, South Carolina, governor Henry, McMasters, and also North Carolina Governor, Roy Cooper, as well as many other agencies at all levels of government. We are committed to the safety of our people and our citizens and, as a result, yesterday, even a nun issued an executive order requiring the mandatory evacuation of individuals, east of I-95 and six counties, Brian Chatham Camden, Glen, Liberty and McIntosh, which started at noon today. Jima estimates that this mandatory evacuation order applies to roughly 400,000 people to aid in the traffic flow for this evacuation Jima and the Georgia Department of Transportation will also start westerly contraflow, starting at 8:00 a.m. tomorrow. All I 16 lanes will allow only westbound traffic from Savannah Savannah to u.s. 441 in Dublin. In addition, the state operation center is working with the red Crosse to open shelters for evacuate the horns bit of coffee in where counties as of today, information on shelter locations in opening times. In addition to available hotel accommodations, can be found. Jima GA gov through daily briefings, Jima and state partners, have been in ongoing communications with local county emergency management agencies and FEMA officials. They have deployed bill staff to all coastal counties and we put resources on standby on standby for response and recovery. These efforts include having law enforcement and transportation agencies on alert for evacuation and post storm response, stockpiling fuel for first responders and emergency power operations, as well as getting engineers on deck to test to repair our infrastructure. Even with all this preparation, we still cannot stress enough that hurricane durian remains a significant threat to our state. We urge all residents to stay vigilant at noon. The mandatory evacuation was in effect for East for all those east of I-95 in the six counties I previously mentioned. We are asking everyone to please heed those warnings and evacuate if at all possible, given the rest of strong winds and potential flooding in these areas. If coastal residents decide not to evacuate and I want to be very clear, they will be on their own if first responders are unable to reach them. It's not worth it. If you have a family friends in the area, please reach out to them and consider opening up your home, so we can get through this hurricane together in the coming days, we will monitor on all ongoing evacuation efforts here in Georgia, but also in Florida and South Carolina. Obviously we're doing what we can to avoid the gridlock on our traffic infrastructure networks and move people to safer areas. We understand that we're dealing with a lot of logistics in Georgia, because we have people from South Carolina coming into our state to travel on the I-16, and we have people coming up from Florida. So it's creating a little bit of a double-edged sword for us, but we have methodically planned this out and I think that certainly having the contraflow in the morning will help with this. We've also got teams ready to tackle debris removal, including chainsaw crews, and here the Coast provided by the Department of Natural, Resources and I've, spoken with the Commissioner Mark Williams earlier today, and he assures me that they are ready. He also, let me know that our state parks are waiving parking and pet fees for all the vacuous people can dry can't for free and pets. Do include equine or horses now before I turn it over I want to again take an opportunity to thank everyone. Who's working hard to get a storm ready. I certainly appreciate the outreach that we've received from the White House and President Trump, as well as his administration. He has personally assured me that he stands ready to assist Georgia, should we need it late. Yesterday evening we request requested a federal emergency declaration ahead of dorians landfall to fully level leverage our federal resources, including critical assistance for water, food and medical supplies, shelter, support debris, removal and public health services in the aftermath of the storm, I'm very grateful for the federal state and local agencies, law enforcement, our military, including the Georgia National Guard, the many volunteers on the ground and private sector companies, as well as nonprofits, and countless others who have literally been working around the clock to get ready to withstand this huge storm. Thank you for what you do. We appreciate it and with that I want to turn it over to lieutenant governor Jeff Duncan to make a few remarks and then he'll give it jima director, Homer, Bryson, yeah, Thank, You, governor camp I, appreciate you and your administration's leadership on this issue as we move forward. I also want to let everyone know that I've talked to all the senators and the affected districts down on the coastline, and they continue to communicate to me that the evacuation plan is continuing to be executed. We continue to have an open line of communication. Once again, the the governor's staff has just been such a great resource. For so many people across the state. The agencies and departments are doing an outstanding job of really being a collaborative effort, as we move forward, I've been in touch with the lieutenant governor of Florida Jeanette Nunez and we've talked about opportunities to keep an open line of communication as obviously both the governor's continue to have increased workloads as the storm continues to nearby. So it's a continued to be very, very nervous, but also very confident in the plan that's been put in place and very confident watching. Georgians react to the evacuation plan, I'd like to bring Homer Bryson up here, Jima director, to give us an update. Thank you. The governor gave you a very comprehensive overview of what we were doing as a state to support our local citizens and local governments along the case. I just want to thank the governor for being very proactive and his approach to this and I'm being very hands-on and involved with it. He should a state of emergency early on which allowed the state to bring resources to bear so that we can make sure that we have people in place and materials in place to support our local governments when requested and needed. It also allowed us to really open up a line of communications with our local communities multiple times a day, so we're ensuring that we understand what their concerns and what their needs are and we're working together to address those again. He was aggressive with asking for the federal declaration. We've already received that what that does for us as a state and for our local communities is that it free FEMA to provide resources for emergency protective services, which is a big benefit to to us as a state in to our citizens, and with that I'd like to bring up Attorney General Chris Carr thanks director Bryson governor. Thank you so much for all that. You and your administration are doing as part of the governor's executive order. Price gouging laws are in effect in the state right now, and we will aggressively protect not only Georgians, but our guests. We do not want those that are being having to escape to protect themselves and their families to be victimized, while in the state of Georgia a reminder to all businesses. Make sure that you understand what the executive order says. Each violation of that law can result in a two to fifteen thousand dollar fine, and we will, as I said, aggressively, protect those that are in our state. In addition, now is the time that we oftentimes will see scams for those that may have to rebuild debris, removal and a rebuilding of homes. Please know who you're working with please get all estimates and contracts and writing, and please don't give all of the money up front. Make sure that you know who you are dealing with in particular, and also we see charity scams now is the time we need to be standing up and protecting each other not taking advantage of each other, and we will see scams not only those potentially in the Bahamas, but those in the state of Georgia as well, and we will aggressively go after those who are taking advantage of those most vulnerable. So thank you again, governor appreciate the opportunity to speak I'd not like to bring up Insurance Commissioner John King for some brief remarks. Yeah good afternoon. We are currently working very hard with with governor camp and the rest of the team Georgia to make sure that we are set for for success not only to protect our citizens and the coast and throughout the other affected areas, but also getting ready for the recovery phase of this operation and so working with industry to be getting ready as soon as Homer Bryson and the team clears their routes to get us back into the areas to go and help citizens and getting their claims working with citizens. The key today is make sure that people are prepared for that. For that recovery phase make sure the inventory all their valuables make sure to take photographs. Take care of the key documents that they'll need to make sure that they get obviously the insurance claims process. So we stand ready and we waiting for the storm with a great deal of trepidation, but we're we stand ready to deal with this governor Kim, all right, we'll open up for any well I know and when I was on the coast. I heard this I mean our whole coastal area, and especially those in south and southwest Georgia them and their hurricane weary for sure. I. Think that the good news about what we've been through as a state over the last you know three or four years. Our team has great experience to be prepared for these things. We've certainly learned a lot through the years and we got experienced people so I'm, letting them do their job and they know how to do it. But I know our people are tired of evacuating I, know, they're frustrated. It scares me that this storm has moved so slow that people think they have more time than they do. The reason that it's been upgraded to hurricane watch and the storm surge watch is because they think something's going to happen within 48 hours. We're still. The cone is still touching the Georgia coast, and you know what I learned on the briefing yesterday with the President and other governors and FEMA and the National other people was look anywhere in that cone I. That storm can end up or can be, which still makes us very vulnerable, especially for those on our barrier islands. If, if we have heavy flooding, which I believe that we will, if we get the kind of rainfall that that everybody's saying we will it's going to be very hard getting on and off that island in any kind of vehicle and and if people have a medical emergency or an issue with structures and get trapped, it's going to be very hard for us to get to them. So that's why we think people need to take the advice of evacuating. You know, get your belongings together and and start moving as soon as you can and I think we've. You know, we've spread that out a good bit, I think and the concert load will help them are so hopefully that would be very orderly. We got to see the traffic a couple of times while we were down there today up and getting reports from the State Patrol as well, and everything seems to be moving very well at this time. I'm gonna, let Homer speak yeah I'll. Let Homer speak to that because he's got that answer. We as I said, we've been working with the counties for several days now and early on. We identified that to allow them to sort of take the need lead with that on how we move those folks out. Timing is unique to each county, so they need to be the driver of that and that's there to support them. So our Department of Public Health has been working hand in hand with those we've identified. Patients that need to be moved. We've spun up state contracts to provide busing ambulances and other support. We've identified areas that these individuals can be taken to so we're we're well into that process and I actually received a report back about two hours ago that it was working smoothly at this point now, I would just add. Yesterday when I was as I see the you know, the public health officials were some of the busiest folks in that room because they were already moving and preparing to to get folks moves. A big tip of the hat to them. General ailment circus, Moo Claro que tenemos que estar listo spore Casa tormenta is de una, cantidad muy Grande rocket areas, cuatro Cinco Rita, estamos, tratando, darle las noticias y el mensaje, a la comunidad que viven Acosta que se necesita mover de la Costa en este momento por que Rita tenemos tiempo mañana vamos, a cambiar los carriles de la carretera DC, says: un sentido al al Oeste para que la la gente SE puede poner mover, c'est de la costa, yo estamos tratando de cuarto de la gente que vivir al este de la carretera noventa Y Cinco Y estamos kato la gente, Punga Mucha atención, a este, mensaje por que c'est important TC moseubi dos depend a cape on gain attention en lo que esta pasando a tenemos tolas agencia del estado aquí que estan prey. Para que estamos trabajando Conde servicio militar con la guardia national, it ambien con todas, agencia z-- que estamos completamente, preparado c vigil ando, esta tormenta que viene una cantidad grand I suppose or can pass Claro que. You know si ellos toman la decisión de quedarse, en sus casas, passer, muy, difícil poder Darla's porque, si nuit manera en que los las personas de rescate, a los los policías o los bomberos Kwan attender lows van a tener que caso de la la' torment, antes de que para mostrar lescant, a poor esos important TC Marita que tenemos el tiempo de que hagan esta decisión de que quieran una decisión case. Save a lira con con el peligro que tenemos or eat estamos preparados con las agencia, slow, Karla's, con la agencia estatal s, estamos prepares las Ciencias military, say Stannis / ando órdenes de que que cuando las autoridades Elkin de los condado snes's eaten ayuda que estamos para su portables pero las personas locales son ultima meant a loss, caisson encargado z, su sona's. Alright, anybody else. Alright. Thank you. Everybody.