Well, the two most common people there were probably these two I came in Gabriella and Bryn had already been evaluated. Seeing care was already initiated. My role is mostly organizational when we heard the call go out that there was this horrifying event occurring right next to our sister hospital. It was an immediate outpouring of support of contribution and humanity of the highest level. I was shot in the back running and miraculously it didn't hit any organs in a super. You know know in a way that I can't heal from it went it grazed, my lung. It went through my liver and it punctured my diaphragm, but the livers it's the best organ I guess is what the doctors have been telling me it heals really fast. So I don't have a bullet in in my liver. For my whole life, I'm not gonna, be able to see it. I'm, probably not gonna, be able to feel it at a certain point, but it's always going to be there. We ran into another vehicle and it was this man named John and he was with his young son and he told us that he knew there's a shooter and I his daughter's volunteering at Gilroy. She had already reached a safe location, so he was like get in I'll. Take you to the hospital and he took us to the hospital. We were fortunate enough to not get there by ambulance, which was huge for us. I think we were one of the first people to show up, and so I just wanted to thank John. Hopefully that's his name. Wherever he's at that act of kindness, I mean we're just so lucky cuz I didn't like feel safe until I was fully in a car and I'd. Have my purse and I had my cell phone, so I was like even like I, don't know, I was like I remember when we were running I was like we're even gonna, run to like I. Don't have my purse to drive home cuz I'd, driven there that day, I. Don't my car, like I, don't know I just felt like we were gonna be running forever, and these people picked us up and transported us, so that's great and then in the hospital yeah. Just the staff was so careful and so attentive and so immediate, like with Bren. It was kind of like immediately assess for myself that my wounds weren't get any worse than they already were. We did an x-ray and saw that you know the bullet had kind of swiped me along my left shoulder and that I have like fragment in there like metal, showed up and then some kind of like a graze wound on my back and so I was kind of like I need for myself definitively. Like that's the extent of it. My nerve damage, in my hand, seemed minimal. I was able to move it like I hope, I feel a sense of general trust towards humanity, because right now, like I, really don't like I feel like paranoid. When I leave, my house, like I, don't know like who I can trust like even like going to the grocery store. People are looking at me and, like you know, you don't know. I'm like a victim cuz, like my clothes cover, my wounds and whatever, but it just feels really like sickening to me every time I like leave, my house I just think like he was a child that like no one checked in on while he was building this idea in his head like, and so that's like a reminder to me even just checking on your friends like if they're getting into a certain ideology like watch it see where it goes. I also want to say that our hearts go out to those who aren't here just to share their stories. Stephen romero, trevor Irby, kayla, salazar, we're here for them they're, not here, to share what they witnessed and what they went through and to their families like we're. So sorry, we love you guys were with you guys and I'm just grateful that the shooter was just taken down in an extraordinarily fast amount of time and the numbers weren't greater like they could have been. The response was huge, I, remember, running out of the bounce house out of the scene and seeing security guards who were working that day, move in.