On this busy Friday night, a fourth new coronavirus case in Canada, the latest patient, the uncertainty for Canadian residents in Wuhan, we're not sure if we will be able to get on the plane and the facts on how to protect yourself. The UK's, Independence Day, the brexit, cheers and jeers what happens next. New stunning accusations against the u.s. president as his impeachment trial, winds down, plus the grocery giant sacking plastic bags, an Ottawa timeline to ban single-use plastics. We need action, global national with Donna freezin tonight, Robin Gill good evening, and thank you for joining us. We are tracking a number of developing stories around the world tonight from the impeachment trial in Washington to the United Kingdom formally and finally leaving the European Union we'll take you to London for our brexit coverage in just a moment. But we begin with the latest in the new coronavirus outbreak. Canada has now recorded its fourth case, an Ontario woman in her 20s who recently traveled to China. The outbreak has now killed. 258 people in China around the world, more than 11,000 cases have been confirmed. Most of them are in China, but the number of countries to detect the virus continues to grow. The United Kingdom, Sweden and Russia announced their first cases today that makes 26 countries and territories in the US, where six cases have been confirmed. Authorities are taking aggressive steps, they've declared the outbreak, a public health emergency and starting Sunday. The US will deny entry to foreigners who have traveled to China. In the last two weeks, they've also imposed a mandatory quarantine on nearly 200 Americans who were flown back from Wuhan. We still have a low risk to the American public, but we want to keep it at a low risk and because there are so many unknowns here, we're gonna take the action in a temporary way to make sure we mitigate as best as we possibly can here at home health officials say. The risk to Canadians is also low, they're, urging people to remain calm in tonight's top story. Heather York's West takes a closer look at the newest Canadian case we're here today. Health officials say Canada's fourth case of novel. Coronavirus has already fully recovered the woman in her 20s from London Ontario had recently traveled to Wuhan China, but had so little of the virus. In her system, initial test results came back negative. The test on this individual was done a week ago and at the time that was the very best test. It was the original test that we had all been working on actively after running samples through a more sensitive test available. Only within the last few days the results changed and health officials don't believe any other person has been put at risk every time she had contact with somebody in Canada she was wearing a mask. Her disease parameters are quite low, and the system took all precautions when she was in contact with the hospital. Canada may now have four confirmed cases of the new corona virus, but the risk of infection remains low. That's not the case for those trapped in the outbreaks epicenter bin Jang is a Calgary resident who's now stranded with his young family in Wuhan with two young children. We definitely want to be able to go back to Canada they're more vulnerable to their immune system is not as strong as adults, so we're definitely more concerned for them. Jang is hopeful. His family will be allowed to leave on a Canadian government charter flight in the coming days, but their situation is complicated. Their children are Canadian citizens, but he and his wife are permanent residents. If we are not allowed, then none of us are going because I'm not sending a three-year-old and a seven month old on a plane with somebody else. Citizens of the UK France and the United States have now returned to their respective countries where they are under a 14-day quarantine. But details about Canada's evacuation plan are still not known. We are engaged with Chinese authorities around repatriating Canadians who are in China and concerned for their safety. It is a deliberate process in which we are engaged responsibly, and we will have more to say on that in the coming days, giving people like the Jung's little else to do but wait as this international health emergency continues to play out around them. Heather, your ex West Global, News Calgary, there's still a lot. Scientists don't know about the novel coronavirus, but here's what they can say about how it spreads the corona virus is transmitted from person to person through water droplets created when an infected person talks, coughs or sneezes. Just to give you a comparison. Take measles that virus can travel up to 30 metres in the air, making that disease highly contagious, but with the novel coronavirus must be within two meters of an infected person and the water droplets must reach deep into your lungs scientists say you can absorb the droplets through your mouth nose or eyes. You could even contract the virus. If you touch a contaminated surface than touch your face, but scientists say the risk of transmission in that case is low and proper precautions like regular hand-washing can go a long way to stem to spread. Well, it's official brexit is done after three long years of debate and political back-and-forth Britain finally broke away from the European Union. That is, the official bell: signaling Britain's independence from the EU right now. Thousands of brexit supporters are celebrating in the streets chanting and cheering in central London. It's a chapter in history meant to unite Brits, but as Redman Shannon reports, the divide is bigger than ever before. A very British farewell to Brussels the brexit party's European lawmakers getting ready to party back in London. Things were already heating up, not exactly magnanimous, but this is a victory chorus from voters, sick and tired of delays. The extreme ends of this poisonous debate again drawn to Westminster stage to display on this historic day. Supporters of the losing side showed up to what could have been a moment for all sides to move on is not encouraging any compromise for so many Britons brexit Day is a celebration, but effectively it's a day of symbolism. Come Saturday, nothing will really change. Britain's future relationship with European Union has still to be decided. Ganna be a piece of cake. This transition agreement will be done by the end of the ly. Shouldn t the Prime Minister's own father, confident his son will again prove the doubters wrong there's a big day. I was a remainer, but but a nation voted in. You know in 2016 we had this massive majority in 2019. There's no question the country ready to leave here. We go young Boris, meanwhile, was far from home, bringing his entire cabinet north to probe Rex at Sunderland, physically and symbolically far removed from all the hot air of London. In Boris's words, he got brexit done, but as his predecessor Winston Churchill once said, this is not the end nor the beginning of the end, but it is perhaps the end of the beginning Bradburn. So, given all that's happened, what form will a future relationship take? Well, that is the big question Robin, but perhaps the question for tomorrow right now tonight here in London, people are still hanging around Parliament Square after the brexit deadline pass where there was such a huge buzzing electric atmosphere when that clock ticked at 11, o clock tonight. People celebrating not really worrying about that question for now, but yes, tomorrow that self-imposed deadline, but from the UK government an 11 month window to strike a free trade agreement with the EU there, potentially looking at an agreement similar to the one that Canada has with the EU, but that's a very short time frame, Boris Johnson says he will get that done again and you can be sure that many people who came here tonight believed him Robin Breton Shannon in London. So many people outside London were waiting for this moment, wanting Britain to go it alone for years and lead the EU for good. Our Europe bureau chief crystal commencing spent time in England's north this week to find out why they wanted that and what they're looking for now say: ball. Tov is the focal point here. It's what's known as a calendar, church 365 stairs in the tower 12 columns and 52 large windows, but around here days, have been tallied waiting for brexit I think we're rejecting globalization, definitely and don't think we're in rejecting democracy, because it only benefits a tiny minority of people. People here in Boston voted overwhelmingly in favor of brexit, saying they were tired of politicians, far away with no understanding of the community telling them how to live their lives. It is a common complaint that we have heard time and time again about isolation from people across Europe in the United States, even in Canada with wex. It first of all, I will ask the government to let us have some more money, so we can tackle the issues with the infrastructure. Global news first chatted with anton danny a year ago. Back then he was a counselor. Now as mayor he's struggling with europe's open border policy, when you have 35,000 people jump into almost 80, you haven't got nothing to the infrastructure is hit the biggest 10 people. What they will do. They will resent the idea of migration, because I cannot see my doctors within two or three hours. I have to see him in three weeks, armed with their EU passports, Eastern Europeans flocked to Boston skilled workers, who filled big gaps in manufacturing and the agricultural sectors. Now, if they want to stay, they'll have to apply for residency. I want to stay here because I have a contract. I'm happy with this. My change is rough. It's not gonna be as clean as we think. It's, not it's, not a hot knife in the butter. We're not gonna, go! That's! Why you're up there gonna make sure that we we we will have some difficulties to leave Europe, but that doesn't matter to those who say: they've, never felt any tangible benefit to 46 years of being in the EU, we're no better off. Now the working people in this country than we were under Queen Victoria. We might have homes, we might have central heating and we might have color televisions but we're not treated any better and crystals back in the London Bureau crystal the people. You spoke to are generally happy, but do they recognize how divided their nation is over this issue? Absolutely and many of them shared stories about spats between friends and family and no surprise that many were engaged in confrontations on social media, but now that brexit is technically done, although there is still that transition period, they say they are hopeful about the future and they actually use the word freedom saying they at least have their sovereignty back Robin crystal commencing in London tonight. The impeachment trial of u.s. President Donald Trump is entering its final stage. The Republican majority in the Senate blocked new witnesses from appearing despite more explosive accusations about the president's conduct emerging. Just this afternoon, our Washington bureau chief Jackson prosecco joins us now with more Jackson. Let's begin with those accusations. Well, Robin there was another damaging release from John Bolton's forthcoming book bolt and, of course he is Trump's former national security adviser in his book he alleges the president directed him to pressure Ukraine to dig up dirt on Joe Biden, two months before that now infamous call between Trump and Ukraine's president. In the end, though, the Senate will vote on Trump's fate and answer the question of whether or not he abused his power without hearing from additional witnesses like Bolton. But isn't this a reason to proceed with more witnesses? Well, Democrats certainly argued that to be the case, and some of the moderate Republicans felt that way too, but most felt it wouldn't accomplish anything. Given the fact that Trump will eventually be acquitted by the Republican majority, it would have taken the votes of just four Republican senators to pass the measure to call witnesses, but that simply didn't materialize at the end of the day. So where do things go from here? Well, negotiations are now under way. It seems like this is all going to come to a close early next week, either just before or just after, the president delivers the State of the Union address and right as the 2020 election campaign heats up with the Iowa caucuses, Robyn Jackson Prosecco in Washington, a disappointing deja vu for Canada's veterans coming up a Global News exclusive on all the unspent money meant for life after the military tonight. In a global news, exclusive we've uncovered a key document that shows Prime Minister Justin Trudeau was trying to get India to back Canada's bid for a seat on the United Nations Security Council. It was one of the reasons for his ill-fated trip to India in 2018, and recently Canada has been attempting to rekindle its relationship with the Asian superpower. Our chief political correspondent, David akin, has been working on this investigation David for nearly two years. There has not been a single ministerial level visit between Canada and India, a sure symptom of a frozen government-to-government relationship, but that changed in December when India's foreign minister s Jaishankar became the first foreign minister to meet the new Canadian foreign minister, Francois Philippe champagne in Ottawa. That meeting was seen as significant by both sides. In fact, many see champagnes appointment as a signal that Canada will end a foreign policy approach that some in the international community found too preachy too full of virtue signaling in favor of a more pragmatic approach, Canadians and Canadian interests, including Canadian business interests, are better served when we are are seen to be an ally and a partner and thoughtful in our approach, as opposed to we're here to tell you how to live your lives and while the government-to-government relationship was frozen, the people-to-people relationship has been improving. India represents the largest source of immigration to Canada. Foreign students have gone from 40,000 to 200,000 in a five-year period. No tourism to is up, but sticking points remain. Global News has learned that one of the objectives of the ill-fated India trip had been to get India to back canada's bid for a seat on the UN Security Council. That vote is later this year. That trip went topsy-turvy beyond that, though. India is cool to the Canadian bid, because Canada opposes the idea of India or anyone else getting new permanent seats on the Security Council and unless Canada relents. On that point, it is unlikely. India will use its considerable influence among other South Asian countries to hell the Trudeau government succeed at the UN India's really sort of moving towards and has been moving in the last couple of decades towards what they consider becoming a major power. Their foreign policy is an extension of their interests, and so what memories of Justin Trudeau's disastrous trip to India are fading. It seems an opportunity was lost, a window had opened and then just as abruptly closed, and it could be a decade or more before. Another Canadian politician has the same hope and optimism about the Canada into your relationship. The Justin Trudeau had in the winter of 2018 David akin Global, News, Ottawa Trudeau was also under fire for breaking a promise he made to veterans according to documents obtained exclusively by Global News. The Liberals allowed 105 million dollars allocated for Veterans Affairs Canada to go unspent in the 2018-2019 fiscal year that money can be used next year in 2015, Trudeau slammed the Conservatives for leaving a billion dollars unspent for veterans and suggested that would never happen under a Liberal government led by him. In total, the Liberals have left four hundred and seventy seven million dollars budgeted for the department go unspent since Trudeau took office and for more information on the Liberals lapped funding for veterans go to Global News, za, /, global national, still ahead a stadium in Russia now reduced to rubble. After a deadly disaster, you are watching global national. The serving video shows the moment. A stadium collapsed in Russia, as a construction worker is seen cutting through a beam on the roof of the structure. As the beam gave way. The Sports Complex caved in around him. Demolition work had been underway in preparation of a rebuild of the Soviet era facility. The worker did not survive a Canadian billionaire is shifting Aston Martin into the fast lane. As the British car maker looks to bounce back from a huge drop in sales. Laurence troll, who built his fortune in the fashion world, is now leading a consortium that has agreed to buy up to a 20% stake in Aston Martin stroll is already a part owner of the Formula One team racing point f1. He plans to rebrand the team Aston Martin f1 under a 10-year sponsorship, deal that begins next year. For the first time, the international governing body for track and field is admitting that recent developments in running shoe technology may give runners a performance advantage. Still world athletics is allowing Nikes controversial vapor ply shoe to be used in elite competition. The organization wouldn't rule on whether its unique design gives runners an unfair advantage. In the last 13 months, athletes wearing vapor flies have recorded the five fastest marathon times ever. Pollution solution up next so be says, bring your own bags but is Canada keeping up when it comes to going green. The list of businesses banning single-use plastics just got a little longer. Today, Sobeys has removed all plastic grocery bags from checkouts at their 255 stores across Canada. The second largest food retailer in this country is now the first national grocery chain to do this, but what about a federal plan? Here's my Clicquot to go into a grocery store and you'll likely find shoppers bring their own bags at one major chain. You'll have to do it because they've removed all plastic bags at the checkout. It's a no-brainer for Debbie Arnold. We got to think of our younger kids, getting older in the environment and making it safer for them. So I think it's great idea. It comes as the federal government announced it's on track to ban certain single-use plastics by next year. Environment Canada's, first draft of an assessment of our plastic pollution problem was released on Thursday and it paints a grim picture. Canadians, throw away more than 3 million tons of plastic waste every year. Only 9% of that is recycled globally. Plastic pollution is a real problem. The equivalent of one garbage truckload of plastic ends up in the world's oceans each minute. That's why the Environment Minister applauds companies that are banning plastics. Most companies are in the same place that Canadians are, which is they feel like we're too slow. They feel like their governments, are not acting quickly enough federal officials say after 60 days of consultation, the list of banned plastics should be in place by the end of this year. Environmentalists hope it'll result in a pan Canadian plan to replace what they call a piecemeal approach. Dozens of municipalities across the country have banned plastic bags, but Prince Edward Island is the only jurisdiction to do it. Province-Wide. We need action that mirrors the scale of the problem and so bold commitments by countries to eliminate these unnecessary and problematic plastics. Greenpeace points out. It's been two years since the United Nations deemed plastic pollution, a global crisis and they say Canada needs to start being a leader on this issue instead of laggard Michael cooter global news Ottawa, and that is global national for this Friday I'm Robin Gill tonight your Canada is this snowy playground in Hope, Town Quebec. We would love to see your corner of this country, so email, your pictures to viewers at global national calm. Thank you for watching and I'll see you back here. Tomorrow have a great night. You.