On this Saturday night defiance demonstrations blockades remain in place across the country. Despite a plea from the prime minister, we will die depending on rage, +, sweat, so itand beretta, terry cheeps, meet with supporters what's needed to resolve the dispute. Kovat 19 concerns why some cases may be going undetected and 5 years, preparing paper cable to happen, allegations of stealing streaming the lawsuit that could cost some Canadian consumers global national, with Robin Gill reporting tonight, Coleen Christie good evening, thanks for joining us, it's been more than two weeks since protests broke out across the country in support of what certain hereditary Chiefs supposed to a natural gas pipeline in northern BC. Yesterday, the Prime Minister called for an end to the blockades, but tonight there doesn't appear to be an end in sight now Sean O'shay reports. In our top story, some protesters are vowing to die for the cause, as the standoffs continues. Supporters in Toronto made something clear from right. Outside the Ontario legislature, hundreds rallied to defend indigenous blockades in British, Columbia and Ontario, and one Mohawk supporter warned it's a fight they won't give up. There is no way we're backing down absolutely no way. We will be here, til the end, even if we have to die doing it, we will die defending our rights. I know my father and their hereditary Chiefs aren't budging hereditary Chiefs from bc's wood. So it's a nation met with leaders from the Connor walky Mohawk territory in Quebec, I think it went fine, but it's not over yet the stories that they told us we're very touching. The red eteri Chiefs want a halt to construction on the coastal gas pipeline that crosses their land. That dispute has spawned protests like this one at the tie and Onaga Mohawk territory in Ontario, which has halted freight and passenger rail service, but another rail blockade, south of Montreal came down peacefully Friday night, as police moved in to enforce a court injunction earlier in the day, Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau said all the blockades must come down, but there is no sign that will happen. Counter protesters agree it's time now, it's time to get back to work, and we do supporters who marched through downtown Toronto streets, say employment, isn't the most important thing. Jobs are secondary, this is people's way of living and if we need to sacrifice the jobs of a few which are in the hands of corporate interests, when we must do so to protect the future, it is up to the governments to get it sorted out on terms that are respectful of indigenous sovereign nations. Provincial and federal governments have asked the Wood soliton for meetings not have been scheduled so far, leaving blockades like this one up into another week: Sean O'shay, Global, News Toronto as world health experts, recalculate the risk of kovat 19:00 and the evolution of the outbreak. Another quarantine is under way here in Canada, 151 Canadians woke up in quarantine in Cornwall Ontario. 129 of them were passengers on a diamond Princess cruise ship. The others were helping to get those stranded. Passengers back to Canada after hundreds of people on the ship became infected. They'll stay in quarantine for two weeks. Meanwhile, Canadians quarantined for 14 days in Trenton Ontario are enjoying their first full day of freedom. 195 Canadians remain under quarantine at CFB Trenton, but they're expected to be released on Tuesday 48 other Canadians, who are on board. The diamond princess have tested positive for the virus. Today, Japanese officials confirmed another passenger released this week after completing the cruise ships. Quarantine also tested positive. The woman in her sixties is the first known case among those released at the end of the ship's containment period. A sixth person has died from the virus in Iran. As cases there continue to rise. The country is reporting at least 10 new cases today, bringing its total to at least 28 middle-eastern neighbors, including Iraq, are now closing their borders to Iranian Nationals. Another major outbreak is in South Korea, two people are dead and cases are exploding there. 229 new cases have been confirmed since Friday skyrocketing south korea's total number to more than 430 cases. A dozen towns in northern we're in lockdown today, after two people infected with the virus died and 39 cases were recorded, 19 passengers on board the diamond princess returned to Italy this week and the country is ramping up its response to the outbreak. So, as you can see, cases are multiplying around the world in countries where travel bans to and from China have been in effect. 28 countries are now reporting cases. The Center for global infectious disease analysis in London, which collaborates with the World Health Organization on modeling to contain the disease estimates, two-thirds of kovat 19 cases from China have remained undetected worldwide. Right now, there are more than 77,000 confirmed cases. 1,500 of those are in countries outside of China. More than 2000 people have died, mostly in China, but there's concerned sources of human-to-human transmission are going unchecked, which will lead to a spike. In cases. There are some troubling revelations tonight about a respected, Canadian religious figure. An internal report from large international says its founder, Jean Vanier sexually abused, at least six women. According to the report, there is enough evidence to show Vanya engaged in manipulative sexual relationships over a 35-year period. Vanier who died last year, founded the charity in 1964 to help improve conditions for people living with developmental disabilities. It now has facilities in 38 countries. In a statement L'arche France says there is no evidence. People with disabilities or affected Democratic supporters in Nevada are voting for a candidate to defeat and drive. Us President Donald Trump from office senator Bernie Sanders holds a double-digit lead in the latest poll. After taking the New Hampshire primary. He now admits he's been told. Russia is trying to interfere in his campaign as Jennifer Johnson reports. Trump seems to welcome the liberal as his political opponent, Nevada Democrats, gathering to caucus the third contest in the 2020 primary season, Vermont senator Bernie, Sanders, so confident of a win. He spent part of Friday campaigning in California, but 14 states that holds votes, March. Third Super Tuesday, and if we win here in California we're going to win the Democratic nomination and if we win the Democratic nomination, Donald Trump is a one-term president. Sanders now confirms he was briefed by intelligence officials a month ago. That Russia is attempting to interfere in his campaign and president Trump's here's an otter crack. He may be a friend of Donald Trump's he's not a friend of mine campaigning in Nevada, President Trump seemed eager to take on Sanders, confident no swing. Voter will endorse the senators higher taxes and free health care policies. This November we're going to defeat the radical socialist Democrats here at least 75,000 Nevada Democrats cast their ballots in early voting. A record turnout and unlike New Hampshire in Iowa Nevada, is a much more diverse. State Sanders is getting strong support from the Latin American community. Everything is going to be here in these caucuses, making a difference. That's what it's all about. We represent the real face of American. The other candidates are trying to stop Sanders momentum most in the party agree. A more moderate nominee is needed. Pundits are predicting a world where pretty soon the only two left standing are Mike Bloomberg and Bernie I'm really worried about our ability to defeat Donald Trump. If those are our choices, Michael Bloomberg was not on the Nevada ballot, but after taking a beating in last week's Las Vegas debate, the former New York Mayor has announced he'll release three women who lodged complaints against the billionaire businessman from non-disclosure agreements allowing them to tell their stories if they want to Bloomberg, is hoping to get some traction on Super Tuesday, but Sanders could effectively secure the Democratic presidential nomination, March 3rd. If voters don't back an alternative, Coleen Jennifer Johnson in Washington Jennifer. Thank you. The US and the Taliban began a partial truth this morning setting the stage for the two sides to sign a peace deal that would end America's longest war. If the week-long pact holds the two sides have agreed to meet on February 29th, to lay out a timetable for the u.s. to withdraw its troops from Afghanistan the 18 year. Conflict has just passed a grim milestone. According to the United Nations, more than 100,000 civilians have been killed or injured. Since it began documenting casualties a decade ago, coming up four popular Canadian retailers are being sued for allegedly helping their customers steal streaming content. They deny it, but could customers be liable? Five BC teams were honored by the governor-general. Today, Julie Payette presented the group with challenge coins in honor of their heroic actions. Last February, the team's rescued an 8 year old boy who was dangling from a chairlift at a Vancouver area, ski hill cell phone video captured them grabbing. Some nearby fencing then coaxing the boy to fall into the makeshift net, really good being like recognized by so many people that you can look up to yeah, but throughout your community. Whether they've been here for like years or seven months, they're all really good people do recognize. Bye I really appreciate that the boys are also skiing for free this season receiving complimentary passes for their heroic actions. A lawsuit filed in Alberta provincial court is raising questions about how popular media streaming devices are being used and whether consumers can be held responsible. If they're used to watch illegal content, the suit was filed by Alec o entertainment, the company that owns super Channel. It's suing four popular Canadian retailers, including Best, Buy, London, Drugs and staples, accusing them of selling piracy devices and teaching customers. How to use them Heather, York's West explains my wife and I. Dated about a year ago we went to the Android box. I even got my cable down to beta. This is hidden-camera footage of interactions between an undercover investigator hired by alar Co Entertainment, the parent company of super Channel, and the personal Arco alleges is a salesperson at London Drugs, one of four retailer's named in a lawsuit before the Alberta provincial court. Here's another investigator alleged to be at Staples. The Premium TV network is using the videos as evidence in a 50 million dollar lawsuit against London, Drugs, staples, Best, Buy and Canada computers. In the statement of claim super channels, parent company accuses the retailers of contributing to the creation of a culture of widespread infringement and theft, accusing them of selling internet streaming devices that allow users to access streaming content for free and having employees direct their customers to purchase them so that they can steal programming they should pay. We were kind of shocked when we first learned that they were educating consumers on actually how the steel global news reached out to the four retailers for comment in statements. London Drugs disputes the allegations and says in part it would never intentionally infringe intellectual property rights, while Best Buy said the suits claims were without merit, staples declined comment, while Canada computers did not respond to our requests for comments. Ilario was suing the store's customers as well listing them for now in the claim as john doe's, because the company doesn't yet know who they are, though it hopes to find out. Could a consumer be liable for copyright infringement using a device in a way that it wasn't intended to be used? I suppose? Theoretically, yes, this copyright lawyer, says Larco will have to prove that these so-called piracy devices don't have legitimate uses on their own court filings, don't specify what these devices are, but in an interview with Global News super channel CEO Don McDonald says they are Android devices preloaded with software, typically Kodi software and basically Cooley software is intended to to be used for stealing contents off the internet. In a statement to global news, the US nonprofit behind Kodi says the software does not provide any support for pirated video content. Other people, including some software developers, misuse it by adding to it encouraging users to perform unlawful activities. We at Cody have never authorized these and condemned such uses in the past. Out of our very scant resources, we have worked in cooperation with media companies on such matters to check illegal activities, and we will continue to do so. Tech industry, expert, Graham, Williams, says Cody has plenty of legal applications as well: they're, not piracy devices, their computers and their computers that run software and they have perfectly legitimate uses coming soon. Trailers twitch for video games, VEVO TV for music videos. The problem is those pirated streams exist. Online tubes that could potentially contain content licensed to broadcasters like super channel who was responsible for those losses, is something an Alberta provincial court may have to decide as his lawsuit proceeds in the months ahead. Heather Eric's, West, Global News Calgary still ahead a field of schemes how the ghosts of the games past are haunting Major, League Baseball, the first spring training games in Major, League Baseball are being played today, but for months the sport has been facing backlash from its worst scandal. In a century, mic delay looks at how the houston astros went from being baseball champions to pariahs baseball spring training is a time for renewal. There are no winners or losers yet, and what happened in previous seasons is forgotten, except this year, when it comes to the Houston Astros, a team embroiled in baseball's worst cheating scandal of the past century, and now the sports world is up in arms. Even basketball, star, LeBron James is disgusted. The Houston's 2017 World Series trophy hasn't been taken away. I, don't think it holds any value with you know you cheated and you didn't earn it. You know, that's that's how I feel is it wasn't earned I feel like every single guy over there needs a beating. You know it's wrong. Genuine anger. Underscoring these comments is is something that I haven't really ever seen before. In my experience following and covering Major League Baseball, the cheating scheme was as high-tech as it was simple. The Astros arranged for the camera feed that recorded the opposing teams catchers signals to be relayed to their dugout. The batter was in turn, tipped off to what pitch was coming by someone banging on a garbage can in baseball knowing what's coming is a huge advantage. The Astros, coach and general manager were both fired. The team was fined, but no players were disciplined. They were granted immunity in exchange for their cooperation with the investigation. If somebody grants the immunity, then they can take that back and just punish you after they told you that you have immunity baseball. Commissioner, Rob Manfred has defended the punishment I. Think if you look at the faces of the houston players as they've been out there publicly addressing this issue, they have been hurt by this. They will live with questions about what went on in 2017 and 2018 for the rest of their lives. But now Manfred is coming under fire from players and fans who are furious. The Astros cheated to win the World Series and say he hasn't done enough to deter teens from doing it again. Manfred isn't helping himself referring to baseball's championship trophy something he personally awards to the winners like something he found in the garage. The idea of you know an asterisk or asking for a piece of metal back seems you know, sort of a futile Act. People are always know that there was something about the 2017, World Series, so baseball, it's Commissioner and the Astros a World Series contender again this year must now deal with both the cheating scandal and the botched handling of the whole thing. None of the millionaire players will lose any salary, but they still have to play a hundred and sixty two games and should expect questions and heckling all summer long. It's gonna be bad everywhere they are going to get it from all the twenty-nine other fan bases, and that includes here in Toronto, where the Blue Jays have their own connections to the scandal. One of their coaches, Dave Hudgens, was the Astros hitting coach, while others cheating was going on he's been tight-lipped about his role in it other than to say that he fully cooperated with the investigation. The Blue Jays say: they're sticking by him, Colleen Mike delay in Toronto Mike thanks up next, enabling dance. How a late cellist inspired a modern, ballet Quade n' is the nine-year-old indigenous boy from australia, whose deep distress of him, constant bullying at school, captured hearts around the world now center stage at a major sporting match, Down Under, he let out the indigenous all-stars a team stacked with his rugby league heroes for an exhibition match against the New Zealand Maori Quentin has dwarfism but a huge heart and was all smiles as he ran on the field. His mother, who posted the viral video, says he always dreamt of being a rugby league star. The story of a young woman's struggle with multiple sclerosis is taking center stage in London. Jacqueline de Prague was a world-renowned musician. When she was diagnosed with the debilitating disease, it robbed her of her greatest love the cello, but as crystal commencing reports more than three decades after her death, a ballet is giving new life to her work, a mixture of elegance and ferocity. That's how Jacqueline du prais playing of the cello was once categorized. The story of her multiple sclerosis diagnosis at 26, shared through dance, will be familiar to many with the disease. It began with numbness and unexplained sensations. So I started to dream up this story, which is about her it's to some extent of biographical work, but it's very much focused on the love affair that she had with music and I liked the idea of personifying, music and the cello, and by using a male dancer in that role. There's a neck of the cello there's a body of the cello Kathy Marston got the idea for the cellist from her sister, a music teacher Duprey was a young English musical icon. I really wanted to take care that and I was portraying the illness with as much sensitivity and poetry as poses as I, possibly could la explores the height that she flew to, and then it sort of the loss of her voice. Ms often strikes people early in life. Women are diagnosed more than men, there's no cure, and for some it can take a devastating toll. There's no telling what what the future holds. Some people will lose mobility. Some people won't that the path is very different, so it's a it's a really interesting way to tell the story through movement, I think a very powerful one. Duprey had relapsing remitting, ms, it crept through her fingers and eventually she was confined to a wheelchair. She died at 42. The Royal Opera House in London has partnered with cinemas around the world to broadcast the cellist. So far, only two small Canadian theatres are slated to run it one NBC, the other in Ontario I, think it is an emotional work and it's it's heartbreaking, but it's not tragic. We should be celebrating the life force of Jackie as much as the loss of her talent. Marsten's mum also has MS. She hopes the ballet will raise awareness while bringing people a little joy. Christo go Manson, Global, News London, that is global national for this Saturday I'm Colleen Christie tonight's. Your Canada is English Bay and Vancouver. We love seeing your Canada email, your pictures to viewers in global national calm, thanks for watching we'll be back here tomorrow, good night.