Well, with all adventures ahead at fairs, festivals and sports games, big crowds, of course, can be a scary situation for those with children, especially young ones, who like to wander off all right. But there are ways you can keep your children close and, of course, safe. The most important parenting expert Alison chafer, joins us now with some of our tips good morning. Alison always great to see you good morning. So the background. The catalyst for this was my recent experience at a Leafs game and myself got getting separated from my son, and it was the simplest reason why? Because he thought I was somebody else. This man was wearing the same shirt and shoes as you and just assumed, but actually walked out of the stadium and then Tilda he saw the guy's face. It was like he was really locked out. Look. It was a terrifying moment. There's no question about that, but it was a reminder to have a plan and we had a plan and we executed it. Thank goodness, but during those moments of panic, did you forget about a plan? No, but you don't know, what's gonna happen, like you, don't know, you're just trying to find them. I might I. Every parent has a story of this. You know and I did too, and you really do think the worst immediately, of course- and you gotta know that if we're adults and we're that panicked, what's it like to be a child that how old's your son he's nine years old yeah my daughter was three, so you know we probably all had a story, so I mean the first thing is to start early right too early. What so, even at three I could have talked to my daughter about just general safety tips and what I mean by that is even just going to the grocery store. You need to be able to see. Mommy I need to be able to see you. If you go to the park, you need to stay with me. I always need to know where you are. Those are small safety tips, but we these are skills that sort of escalate and compound into something that's more complicated as they get older. So, like I have three kids, 12, nine and now four I haven't had the conversation with youngsters. You do everything with the first, not maybe the last. How much information do you tell them as to why that's necessary? Because don't you find sometimes it's like in one ear out the other, so many rules in the house so do? What do you say why less rules? That's that's part of why they a fog out yeah. When you just say this is for safety good enough. If t I think if someone might pluck you out and yeah I, don't think we need to tell little kids about that. I think what we want them to do is to have a feeling that life is safe. Okay, so next thing is so we get lost if we get lost and you can't see, mommy or I can't see you. What are we gonna do about this? Even a three-year-old, you can say you need to go to a helper okay, so people are our friends. Think of Mister Rogers right people are nice, people are helpers, but the best helpers are the ones who work where you are so look for somebody in a uniform look for somebody who's behind the till, because those people actually have access to being able to call security and make an announcement over the mall or over the sports people they've got way more resources to actually reconnect you to your parents, so start saying who's a helper. Can you identify a helper? That's right that lady works at the checkout. It's a game! You play well yeah. Actually it's absolutely themselves. Okay and again, chances are, if you get separated your child is gonna end up crying and look a little bit panicked and most people are gonna come up and say: can I help you what's wrong? Have you lost your parents? Most people are good and kind. Hearted I know that's not where our minds go, but the truth is resources and people are gonna, be there to help you get reunited with your child for older kids, so once I get older, if they could actually remember, I mean at nine. We would hope that he remembered your phone number and he did, and that was the key remembering and going through it and reminding them. This is my phone number. This is mommy's phone number. Tell me what it is really on cue, and that was the most important thing right. We have ours to a song, so I go there a song and they know it, and so they love it. Forget it. Everything. That's on real I mean look I sing it cuz I, don't wanna, give up my phone number on TV, but yeah they memorize the song. Well, let's find something else for her to sing yeah. Remember because we want to get through these. If kids can't remember the phone number write it on a piece of paper: stick it in their pocket, say you know what we've always got. Your phone number you can always reach and kids are always on phone and tech. But that's like not a weird thing: that's got a frightening thing for them, pull it out and another thing is just to teach them. Certain rules are non-negotiable. Again, we're talking about safety. No, you know what. If we want to go to this, we need to hold hands cuz, not all kids like to hold hands. I'm. Sorry! No, if you want to go to the washroom, you got to come with mommy another. Even if, though, your boy we got to be together, you gotta come to the girls washroom, the last one, quick meetup spot. Yes, let them know if we get separated by meeting at this pole, we're meeting at this garbage bin identified as checkout yep. So real, quick, I've wrote an article. It's on global news dossier check. It's also on my Twitter page Thank You Alyson as all clothes.