You can look to Greenland to get an idea of the urgency to address the climate crisis this past summer, asan historic ice melt according to a new study by nearly a hundred scientists from around the world, including Memorial University in Newfoundland and Labrador Greenland's ice is melting much faster than it was three decades ago and as Ross Lord explains, the researchers predict sea levels will rise even higher than previously forecast. Scientists are calling it the most complete assessment of Greenland ice loss. That's ever been captured dozens of separate surveys, computed changes in ice mass, using data from 11 different satellite missions. The findings show Greenland has lost three point: eight trillion tonnes of ice since 1992. It says that's enough to push global sea levels up by ten point: six millimeters the study says: there's been a sevenfold increase in ice loss within three decades from 33 billion tons a year in the 1990s to 254 billion tons a year. In the last ten years, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, predicted global sea levels, will rise by 60 centimeters by the year 2100 putting 360 million people at risk of coastal flooding every year. The new study sides, with the IPCC's worst case scenario, a rise of an additional seven centimeters troubling evidence for all climate observers. It's time for us to wake up to the reality. It's not it's not going away, and it's speeding up. It's gonna get worse. This researcher says the findings are especially worrisome for coastal regions like Nova Scotia. When we looked at 2100 and said, maybe you know 70 to 75 centimeters for Halifax? No, it's gonna be a lot more than that because of where we're at. In fact, it's going to be a meter give or take a little bit. Others suggest the Greenland study joins a growing body of research. That says, estimates of climate change impacts are too conservative all the more reason they say for communities and governments to accelerate their planning for ways to adapt. Ross Laura, Global, News, Halifax.