Thank you thank y'all, so much for coming here. It is longing for me to stand next. You today together in this fight, and it is great to be Los Angeles in California and I. I would say a special thank you to youth organizers in Los Angeles. We recognize we are. The village of La is younger. The people were in Java tongue. Now we are often called Abilene tongra, who entire Los Angeles. Earlier this week, I visited paradise in California and I met with survivors, who showed me around the devastation streets with no houses, I heard heartbreaking stories. 18,000 buildings were destroyed and at least 86 people died today in California, would you see the one price happening just round? The corner? Bonfires are being intensified by declining prices, but it's not just here everywhere around the world. Would you see these horrible environmental feedbacks that countless of people are suffering and dying from right? Now we are living in the beginning. We find it and we cannot continue to look away from this crisis anymore. I mean what is it that seem to be heart so hard to understand. We have been repeating the same message over and over again the scientists have been repeating the same message over and over and over again, and yet they are still not being listened to. It is the year 2019. Why is the world still ignoring the science and those most affected by this crisis? Why are the people in power still pretending that everything is fine? We can just continue to live like now as if there was no tomorrow. Well, there is such Amaro, it is the Torah, but we young people will live and we need to fight for that tomorrow and we need to protect this as if our lives depended on it, because it does. People are already suffering and dying from the climate and ecological emergency, and it will continue to get worse. Doesn't it mean anything to the decision-makers? We will I will never understand how they can put short-term interests above human lives above the planet itself and our very future, but we young people, we say no, and if our parents won't speak up for us that we will. We are on the line and we will make sure the people in power don't get away with the older generations are failing us. They are failing future generations, but future generations do not have voice and the biosphere doesn't have voice. So we will be the voice, that's up and we will be the voice speeds up for ourselves.