Right, ladies and gentlemen, it is that time. It is the time for Willie's prediction: will it be six more weeks of winter or an early spring mayor, Janice Jackson? It is 807. It is the time silence while she chats with Willie you're good. You don't need to chat with the crowd with this Shadow Cabinet, maybe just yeah, maybe just make sure we've got the right prediction. So I have a small conversation with the Shadow Cabinet and we will find out what the prediction is for the 64th annual Wiarton Willie festival all right, mayor, Janice, Jackson. Let's go really right in the middle between us. The big question is early spring or six more weeks of winter. Well, I! Don't think you can see its shadow. So it's six more weeks, all right. You heard it here. First, ladies and gentlemen, six more weeks of winter as don't burn through Willie we're proud to show no shadow, he saw no Sun came out. So once again the Criers belted ring yes, Willie, repeats or predicts I repeat it's an early spring joy bring up your bicycles and springtime toys. There Willie will remain on the stage to be seen safe trip home and no, yes, god save the queen. As you can see everybody with all the excitement's the mayor, and we should make it like Groundhog Day in the movie. He won't reverse everything. Okay will stand here again all right. Ladies and gentlemen, it's 8:07 time now for the prediction mayor, Janice Jackson, come on over we've, we've done that part already, yeah, okay and some mayor. What is the prediction? Okay, ladies and gentlemen, you heard it here. First mayor Janice Jackson chatting with Wiarton. While he has predicted it's an early spring, no shadow, we saw no Sun came out so once again the fryers melted ring yes, Willie, predicts I, repeat, for the sense of great joy, bring up the bicycles and your springtime toys now. Well, he will remain on the stage to be seen safe trip home and, oh, yes, god save the queen. Yes I'll run everybody. You heard it only once it's an early spring, the 64th annual Wiarton Willie festival. Thank you for the Shadow Cabinet. Thank you, George Town, Criers and, more importantly, thank you that everybody who came out today to be part of the festival. We will see you here right back here for the 65th annual water to Willie festival next year have a great Groundhog Day everybody.