Yes, this protest came together with the folks who are together. We're gonna show them it just really highlighted. Thank you are you feel like with an organization or you just came in so just ignore him. You can look at me. I'll hold the microphones, you don't have to worry about it, okay, awesome! So if you could do me a favor insane smuggling- and why did you set for not here today, I decided to come out here today to condemn the white supremacy, not just coming from the White House, but really the ride and specifically the Cardinal epidemic. When we're not invading this country, we come here to make America stronger and I guess. Do you think that this is more of a reaction? Do you think that was something that seems to have been targeted quite moment by an administration and I think that strong gun laws in place? There's no reason: why is there anything specifically you're hoping that will come from from this? You hoping something's, listening, I, hope the White House listening, but I also hope our assurance and in the state houses like they have a responsibility. They can take action. The Killers shooter did not buy done in California; he bought it and brought it across state lines and it's time for us. Thank you very much appreciate it. Let's shoot a little bit more wide shot, and that way you can get like from behind the speakers. Oh I, think goes that far No. Do you think that might work yeah? Even if we went around yeah like on the streets, I know yeah yeah Americans. When will he reject racism? Bigotry? It's not surprising right. This is a president who ran on a campaign of demonizing Muslims, Latinos and other immigrants in his inaugural address to our nation. He painted a dark dark future for our country, even holding American carnage, and he has called African Americans and where they live disgusting rat and rodent infested mess. He says that Congress women of color hate America and should go back to where they come from. The President must stop. You must stop with this racist and dehumanizing rhetoric, but we also need others to do more. The Justice Department and the FBI need to step up and meet the urgency of today. This is a time for them to lead by prioritizing the white nationalist threat and giving it the resources it needs. We all know the reality, especially for American Muslims. The reality is that if this was an Isis or al-qaeda threat- and there was somebody who killed three people in Gilroy and then six days later, 22 in El Paso Texas, we would have already seen decisive action by the DOJ and by the FBI for 10 and eight-channel would have been shut down long ago and the FBI and the Justice Department instead shamefully sit on their hands. How many more people must die before they finally act and protect us? But there's another group of actors who have a role and have a responsibility to lead. It's tech companies Facebook YouTube Twitter. They must act with the moral clarity and leadership that this crisis demands. White nationalist rhetoric thrives on their platforms. It is accelerated by the very sophisticated algorithms that these very companies have created, beating hate into the minds of people who thrive on this rhetoric. Again. We know that if it was Isis or al-qaeda messages that were on these platforms, tech companies would have acted long ago right true. Instead, these companies have profited from hate. It's not just the Trump campaign, pumping millions of dollars into companies like Facebook, but even Amazon is helping 8chan profit to be able to fundraise off of their platforms. So it's a national disgrace that we have the president, the Republican, Party, right-wing media and even tech companies. Moving courage or tolerated white nationalists threatens for too long I want to lead. You with this you've heard a lot of action items from us so far, I want to lead you with one more Muslim advocates is proud to stand with a many of our colleagues and those who are here today in calling on tech companies can act against hate and I want to invite you to go to our website where we have an active campaign calling on tech companies to do better, to stand up and to use this moment to use their moral leadership to stop hate on their planet. Please go to awesome advocates or together. We will win this fight, but we each have to stand up and act together. Thank you and I want to say very clearly that what the president tries to disparage a minority and when he signs it basically sits on idly by, as people say, send them back sent her back. He is talking about a hundred and 332 million of us right. He is talking about our families, our neighbors, our loved ones. Our friends look around. This is America yeah when he targeted Latinos. By going down to El Paso the white supremacist, he was very clear what his call to action was that was to cause maximum harm because a help house that was the safest city with 85% Latinos. It was clear what he was trying to do. We've heard the dog whistle turn into action, and we will not tolerate this, but when people say well, my vote doesn't count. You know what I say: that's crap, because all of a sudden, in the halls of Congress we have the was the single most I first Congress in this nation's history, and with that not only heavies. In the past background checks, but we've passed, the DREAM Act he's demonstrated where that values are, and it's through the leadership of these young brave individuals. When people say democracy doesn't matter, these are the ones that cannot vote. They are hiding in the shadows and they came front and center and said this. Is my country, yeah and I've learned how to navigate the systems of power to make sure that we not only have their back but that we let them lead so on? Thank you so much for joining us right now from United Way jury. Good afternoon, everyone, my name, is Sunna Brora and I represent United. We dreamed the nation's largest immigrant youth black network, but I want to be clear: I don't only represent unitedly dreams, I represent the little girl who, in seventh grade, was told to go back to her country. I represent the sisters in Congress who have been shamed who have been attacked, who have been racially profiled, who have been sent death, threats, time and time again, because they are brave enough to open their mouths and speak the truth. Right and I represent the many generations in this country who are committed to fighting for freedom and making America better I represent immigrant youth and their families from all across the country and the times that we are living in our absolutely terrified, they're terrifying. By design after the El Paso massacre, there were undocumented immigrants who were too afraid to get medical attention for fear of having ice called on them. We have seen and lived and witnessed the cases of individuals being attacked and dragged out of hospitals by ice and Border Patrol agents shut down ours. There were individuals who are too afraid to go out and find their loved ones, individuals who may have been attacked just because they don't have papers and they're considered less than in this country. This is their heartbreaking reality and we send our love and support to these families, who are living unbearable, seen right now, not only in El Paso but across the country in cities and rural communities all across that have been targeted by raids by attacks and the disappearances of our community and of our community members. This whole reality is by design. Our government has emboldened and empowered ice and Border Patrol to detain to deport and to kill you're warned. Our government has also emboldened a man who drove nine hours with a mission to kill Medina with an immigrant. Our government is amplifying centuries-old white supremacist ideology, they're using language that demonizes immigrants and people of color and people are becoming radicalized, but the government is refusing to stop it and take action. Who is paying the price? Our communities we're paying the price for the government's inaction to end gun violence and address deep racial inequality, immigrants, black brown, indigenous Jewish, Muslim, Sikh, queer students and low-income communities everywhere are suffering the consequences. We cannot allow this to continue, no more thoughts and prayers. We need change plan and every member of Congress, whether Republican or Democrat, must commit to consider legislation that confronts the epidemic of gun violence. This moment of pain and fear. We demand bold leadership, no more status quo, we're about going forward we're about taking 1020 billions of steps forward, rather than returning to any kind of status quo on any issue, whether that is gun, violence, prevention or immigration. In this moment of pain and fear, we demand bold leadership in all levels of government that brings justice for our communities that find themselves at the deadly crosshairs of white nationalism and gun violence. Immigrant youth of United, We Dream, will continue to unapologetically organize and mobilize our communities. We know that the power to resist is inside each of us and the power to win is in our solidarity. The kind of solidarity that used the ear today right in front of that house commit ourselves to one another, and we recommit to dream beyond this moment, because we know that the only way that our communities can live and thrive is to live unafraid of deportation and unafraid of gun violence yeah. We will all fight together collectively as a community with love and determination to realize that future. Thank you so much for those powerful words. I think we must remember that a park on our house is up on everyone and what we need to make sure that we're standing, firm and strong, and when people tell me that our vote doesn't matter not only have we passed gun legislation in Congress, not only we have we passed danke, not only we have we passed TPS, but we've also passed fair wages and it is through the long, hard work of everyone here and the millions of Americans who know that when they participate, the government is ours. That white house is the people's house. Is a people's house Oh, our house November, is coming what the Latino there Babs Berto Powell. We developed it because we recognize that some people are registered, but we have 15 million Latinos or unregistered. We have 12 million young people who are unregistered and with you, when you download voter power, you can register all of us yeah. So don't let it now, but I want to thank in solidarity. Seiu has helped us. We've got a balance so much more because it is a fight that SEIU took to the streets to the state houses that now we have a piece of legislation that Mitch McConnell refuses to pass for fair wages with that, please our chewiness from SEIU, it's hot out here right, but I'm, hot and all of us are hot. By what's going on in this country. Oh yeah, that's we're gonna, take this heat and we're gonna put it into action. Yeah. On behalf of the Service Employees International unions, two million members. We join in solidarity, I'm, humbled and proud to be with this esteemed group of leaders and, most importantly with all of you yeah. You will change the time that this country is going down in Gilroy, California and SEIU. Five to one member was injured and her six year old son was killed. Her mother, a retired SEIU and five to one member, was also injured in El Paso Texas, our members in Texas work at Del, Sol, Medical Center in University Medical Center and are doing everything they can to care for their community. Our members in 1199 Ohio throughout the state, including Dayton, are suffering with the trauma that these attacks cause. This is more than just an analytical or philosophical debate. People are in pain and we shouldn't have to be getting grief, counselors to go with the local union offices or into communities. We should be about stopping Batman and his hateful allies from doing the things they're doing to this country. They are fearing the vision president WebSphere division are spreading, hateful talk and policies of fuel violence, plain and simple: that's where it stops. What stops here and it stops now, not one more my mom once again, Senator McConnell refuses to govern blocking Senate action. Even in the midst of this national crisis, the House already took bipartisan action. Let's give credit where credit is due yeah. We have a long way to go, but Mitch McConnell is blocking the legislation that, but that he should be moving. He needs to get out of the way you know I'm a bitch. This is a moment of moral crisis for this country. This legislation is just the beginning of tackling gun, violence and white supremacist violence, but we need to stand together and demand the changes necessary. If we don't, we will have like a friend's home and be continuing instances. A friend was saying that they wanted to take their seven-year-old to get school clothes. This seven-year-old said I'm afraid to go full shopping. Can we just order it online? That's the country, we want it's, not the country, I'll go for my grandchildren, that's not the country we deserve, and that's not the country that our ancestors fought for. Let's go into action. No retreat! No backing down enough is enough. Thank you. Thank You Valerie, the next person I want to introduce, is one of my wonder: women who, whenever I call for counsel or direction or ideas, not only did she come through, but she hasn't been an incredible fighter across the country for every possible issue. You have such strength Michele, but the fact that she represents teachers that, when you have a parkland killing their solution, is to arm them. That's not. Okay. Teachers need to teach, they need to make sure they feel safe and they name each year that they are perfect or prepare the next generation of excellence. So Michele we get. Thank you so much for joining us, sir man. Thank you. Thank you. Everyone I am Michelle. Ringette I am with the American Federation of Teachers, and I am here on behalf of Randi Weingarten and our 1.7 million members, who are teachers. We are guidance counselors. We are the school personnel your kids go to when they need comfort, but we are also nurses. We are health care professionals and we are also public servants and all of us from throughout our union. Their families in their communities have had enough of what's going on. Thank you. We have bandaged kids, we have comforted them in their terror. We have treated families and tried to comfort them when they've lost loved ones in our Hospital. There is too much happening. We've been shot at, we've tried to protect children and we have lost too many children too many family members too many human beings in this country. Because of our unwillingness to address our lacks gun laws and to recognize the hate, that's fueling, it I have a different message here today, because I think we stand with locked arms with all our sisters and brothers here, I'm from the labor movement. You are all my sisters and brothers and we'll be aren't now dealing with the facts that the fish rots at the head, and you know what fish I'm talking about right. Mr. K is trickling down into our schools to the youngest among us, and we have seen an uptick in bullying. We have seen racism unleashed in our schools, we have seen children chanting, build the wall or send them back, and this is a culture we cannot tolerate and we must unite and move against right now. We need to fight for our democracy. We need to fight for the values that this country was founded upon and make them realize to the extent they never have been for too many people before so I say on behalf of aft and everyone here like we are down to win this. Yes, we will win this. So, thank you all for turning out in this heat and I encourage all of you to make this a starting point of renewed commitment so that we own and move this democracy forward, so that everyone feels that they have a place within it. Thank you that we run away. I believe that we will win. I can tell you why cowardly leadership looks like it is: paging innocent children yeah. It is blaming the most vulnerable through the immigrant community and it is trying to obfuscate and try to create real solutions of loud yawn of rat legislation against guns when they try to deplane it on the arms and the shoulders of the mental health community. That is unacceptable. That is, cowardly that is weak and that deflects the real terror in this country, which it is a white supremacy, but this every single person in danger. If you think that it is not again the fact that they went to the safest kind of sent leave the city in the nation and massacred Latinos, they were sending a message that none of us is safe and what, during this time, it is important that we talk about the real issues that this president is causing he's, causing his pain, he's causing us to Pigeon, but he's also causing his incredible unity, because we are speaking truth to power, we're elevating what needs to be addressed and we're talking and calling out a space of speed. This is not about video games. This is not about mental health. This this is about a government and a president who is inciting hate to divide us so that he can basically wreak fear and we're not gonna. Let him win reelection with that and with that I wanted I want to welcome Jennifer Mathis, the director of policy and legal advocacy, Bazelon Center for mental health law. Thank you so much I'm at the Bible on center for mental health law. We represent people with mental health disabilities. All around the country and I am here to tell you from a disability rights perspective that it is time to move away from the usual efforts to deflect attention away from the real issues we face from racism, bigotry and hatred, and away from real gun violence prevention by falsely blaming people with mental health disabilities for all gun violence. We heard from the president that it was mental illness that pulled the trigger, not the guns. We heard him talk about mentally ill monsters, none of our minds involuntarily confining people with mental illness, but these shootings were not about mental illness. Hate is not a mental illness scapegoating and demonizing people with psychiatric disabilities, not only distracts from serious efforts to address gun, violence and hatred. It also inflict serious harm on people with mental health disabilities. The relentless repetition of the false idea that, if something someone has done something so terrible that it's hard to conceive of that, they must be mentally ill. That has become so common that it is infected our societal and our political consciousness. But it is wrong. It is unfounded. Less than 5% of gun violence is committed by people with mental illness and, in fact, people with mental illness are far more likely to be the victims of violence than to be the perpetrator. The false association of mental health, disabilities and violence conveys to the public that they should fear and hate people with such disabilities that they should reject them as their neighbors as their tenants as their friends as their co-workers and as their employees. That is not the kind of society that we want to live in no, and it does nothing to address gun violence and nothing to address hatred and bigotry. In fact, it promotes more hatred. It is time to stop reflexively blaming people with mental health disabilities and address the real problems we face. We can do better. Thank you and again I remind folks when people say my vote doesn't matter. Not only did we elect the most diverse Congress in November and yes, I am an open record I'm very clear. What we have to do. November was a dress rehearsal and in less than six months, when we passed back the comprehensive background checks, daca PPS, a fair wage and the parity Act, this is bad. America looks like and the gun violence time tragically killed in slaughters individuals, a pulse nightclub. There were ever made it not only through the Latino community and do the transgender community, but through every single American, one of the most tragic pieces of that was a mother and supporting her son. We just come out to her died in the club. Alongside him, violence is deadly, hate is deadly and we have no space for it here and thank you so much joining us today from HRC the Human Rights Campaign Bendita, director of civic initiatives, hello I'm, then Needham from the Human Rights Campaign and on behalf of the Human Rights Campaign I president dick Alfonso David, and our three million members and supporters join our partners demanding action now on common sense, gun reform, yeah the mass shootings and gun violence. We thought this past weekend in Dayton Ohio in El Paso have a direct correlation to the hate and hate speech which see in here every day from white supremacy night and now, let's not be mistaken. Donald Trump, races, attacks, online, Nets votes, immigrants, communities of color incite violence, his racist attacks, all empower those who wish to do us harm while we mourn the lives lost in danger in El Paso. This isn't just about mass shootings. This is about the 40,000 people who lost their lives to gun violence in 2017 and the 100 people who died today in the 100 people who would out tomorrow and the 100 people who died the day after tomorrow, you'll learn about 100 people who will die every single day to gun violence. If we do not act now got lost here. The flip of gun violence we experienced in America. It is not normal and it's especially destructive to marginalized communities, including people of color, LGBTQ people, women, persons with disabilities and religious minority. We think leader, Speaker Pelosi in the house for moving HRT a bipartisan background check still, and we need this White House Mitch McConnell and the Senate to address this epidemic of violence with passing HR 8 and signing it into law, along with other common sense gun reform for stand aside and let lawmakers in can we stand with our corporate collision partners today we are calling for common sense, gun reform, we're calling on the Senate to do their job they're, calling on the President to do his job, and if they do not do their job, we will vote them out if they do not do their jobs. What will we do, and now, if I'd rather have this dried by rabbi Moline? He is a rabbi that will lead us into a moment of silence, because sometimes we need a little bit of sip resetting. Thank you. So much for being with us. I know that you've been jumping around, but more importantly, this moment to give us peace, but also in solidarity for those individuals I've been killed because of mass shootings and in particular to the El Paso massacre victims. Thank you. I am happy to be here with you, even in a suit. We want to take a moment of silence now and I'm gonna. Ask you to focus on something very specific, doesn't matter if you have a particular faith or you don't profess a faith. If you have a particular philosophy or your finding your way, I, don't want you to think about numbers. I! Don't want you to think about cities. I! Don't want you to think about communities. I want you from our safety net programs like Medicare for all to ensure that all of us have affordable health care. You page a year defeating all of the GOP attempts to repeal the essential protections in the Affordable Care and we are still suffering under some skyrocketing particular innovations to build our version of America. Where everyone can cry, we need to embrace our values of F de niro's back to and ensure that no one is above the law to an opiate consistent of our shared vision. No I know what I think I'll probably do and threats of mass ice rates and when he hires a white supremacist like Stephen Miller in his administration. The groundwork for violence guns, inflates hateful violence all over our country and both parties have failed to curb gun violence. Both parties have been in power over the last twenty years, after mass shootings from Columbine to Virginia, Tech to Sandy, Hook, -, pulse nightclub to El Paso too deep and yet Congress has failed to enact common-sense reforms like mandatory background checks and banning assault rifles. Enough is enough when he attacks on immigrants enough with gun violence enough with white supremacy in the halls of power enough with a Senate that refuses to act and a White House that fans the flames of hate and violence together, we can reject a disarmed hate and now I've got six ways you can do this all of em are listed at moveon.org. Slash enough again, that's moveon.org and slash enough. The first text enough to six six, eight three: six: six to denounce white supremacist violence and demand action on curbing guns. Again, that's enough! Two, six, six, eight three, six! Six second call your senator at eight three, three, four, eight seven, four, four, four: five, eight three, three four: eight: seven, four, four four or five and demands a pass: HR: eight, a gun, violence report baggage passed by the house earlier this year. Anyone like me, live in Dulce and not have a senator. Tell us bring the bill up there attend in El Paso. There may be jeweled this Wednesday tomorrow, August 7th, the vigils are against white supremacy and organized in communities across the country, go to moveon.org splash enough to find the lake to RSVP or if none exist in your area. Consider hosting a vigil tomorrow go to town hall meetings. Members of Congress are home for another five weeks in their district and moveon.org flash enough you'll find toolkit from gun violence prevention groups, many of whom that you've heard today with background information and suggestive questions to ask show solidarity with the Latino community. They are reeling after this attack and it is on all of us to stand with them. Don't find a list of local organizations that move on.org splash enough, they need volunteers to accompany people to ice. Check-Ins to urge Congress to defund it from deportation machine to donate, to things like United redream, stock of renewal funds, there's a place for everyone in this movement and, lastly, register to vote key moments to hold our elected officials accountable and when they don't pass legislation like mandatory background check up supported by 97 percent of Americans, they must be held accountable, get yourself, your family, your friends, your community, everyone register to vote and ready to use our power in 2020. Again. All of this is at moveon.org and slashing up and take action today to say enough is enough, so don't forget it all. Are you ready, sir, come out to meet everybody else's register or not you? This is the primary audio circuit for the Reuters lives. This is the primary audio circuit for the Reuters lives. This is the primary audio circuit for the Reuters lives. This is the primary you.