The people at the Department of Justice, as if it did I, did not exist. The public has difficulty to distinguish an extradition process and trial. I would disagree with the report when he accused somehow the public of being ignorant. I read the term ignorant the lack of understanding of the procedures and processes of the extradition law fuels this public ignorant. That's the term I believe he used it's. The people are not ignorant. The public is not ignorant. People know what the ethical things, at least, if they don't know the law or the legal procedures and the legal jorgens, it doesn't mean they don't understand that sending letters to the French prosecutor at the time or French judge asking him to Bolden and enforce his whatever reports and his dossier. This is I, don't know under what ethical base this we can, you know, look at and they said. Oh, it was very ethical, it was lawful and it was very professional, but people know the difference between you know all these three I think we should have an extradition treaty with France. Do you think their criminal justice system? Well? This is a small one, a minor thing. The acceleration act itself is a problem. When you solve the biggest, you know larger problem. You can solve the details of the problem. The treaty is part of this whole thing. I know you wanted Hassan's answer. Couldn't I just add to what you asked, because it's a pertinent question. The report, among other things, in its not-so-subtle endorsement of the existing system, tries to explain to Canadians. Look it's so different from a criminal trial. You can't have these rights, you can't have those rights you're allowed not to disclose you're allowed to do this. You're allowed to do that. Without being aware, it seems, there's no self-awareness that this might be a problem and one of the justifications is that extradition relies on trust and comity between nations. Comity is the mutual recognition of the laws of the other country. France doesn't extradite its citizens to Canada; they would not do it. There is no trust or comity from France about the Canadian system. Trying Frenchmen yet Canadians keep using this argument to justify the sending of this man to France. You first saw the conclusion that essentially the system worked properly in this case yeah, maybe I said it earlier Ben. You know if the conclusion, if the system worked nicely and properly in this case, how come we have this problem? You know if you cook something, and then you burn the thing and then you said nothing. I did nothing wrong, but you can't eat the food. What do you do? You said there was something wrong. Maybe you left there? You know the stove for so long. You left it on, and so there is something wrong. But could you find in the hundred twelve pages anything wrong? They they report pointed out to I, couldn't find I was waiting from and then the last conclusion, which was on page 112 its it says, conclusion: four hundred twelve pages, you have half a page conclusion. You don't understand what what you know when students write the paper like three four pages: they write half a page conclusion 111 pages, and then you come to the conclusion, half a page to say nothing, 14, recommendations in there to change the system, including a recommendation to share exculpatory evidence, even if there isn't an obligation to do so. Is there anything in the recommendations that mr. Siegel offers that you see as progress? I didn't see any substantial one, except some recommendations to shield more those people in power in the Justice Department, and one of them was like a reminiscent of George Orwell's idea of Ministry of propaganda. We need to educate people, we need to. Let them know how this system works. It's like calling for an in you know an establishment of some new ministry ministry of propaganda can I. Add to that question that by and large the recommendations are cosmetic and serve to further streamline the expedition of the system rather than the protection of Canadians. It would be unfair not to say that there is a useful recommendation that whenever expert reports are involved, the whole of the report and the material on which it relies should be disclosed. The one, the example that you gave about a suggestion that there should be a discretion as opposed to a duty, to disclose exculpatory evidence that shows that the person isn't the culprit that he's claimed to be, or that undermines the reliability of the evidence in the record of the case. Quite frankly, it's a surprising recommendation. It suggests well just give them a discretion to do this. They already have that discretion that it's called ethics. It's called doing the right thing, but mr. Siegel in his report, says these lawyers for the IAG doing these extradition cases aren't officers of the Attorney General in the conventional sense bound by the Bouchet rules of being a minister of justice serving all Canadians. In a case, their partial adversary advocates serving a foreign state. Apart from that proposition, which should be publicly debated, it's not the view of the Supreme Court of Canada who write the Attorney General is not an ordinary party. Miss the report says they are, and they don't have these obligations. This special character manifests itself in the role of crown attorneys, who has agents of the Attorney General and the IAG and DOJ our agents and represent the Attorney General in each one of these X traditions. They have broader responsibilities to the court and to be accused as local ministers of justice. So even the view that is taken of their role is troubling. It was mentioned one and one of the decisions of the Court of Appeals, a Court of Appeals decision. They, you know, talked about this point Oh at the time he wasn't this citizen. So you can't conclude anything you want in 1980, I. Wasn't certain alien citizen so to justify. You know the second hand, kind of treatment they did. You had a different kind of treatment from the whole Canadian justice system. When you read it and the you know the Court of Appeals decision, it's not even if you feel it, but when you read it you say well, it's here they said and of course there are. You know many categories of citizens here, I hope they you know, Prime Minister was right. All people are Canadians, but here we see you know some Canadian. Some people are Canadians. Others are quasi Canadians, maybe deep in the weeds on extradition law here. But where do you think the problem is with the extradition law as it's written now that allowed this to happen, and can you compare our extradition law with other jurisdictions that have a higher standard of evidentiary closed disclosure, the preventive, so it would be getting into the weeds. My letters to the prime minister and justice minister were at least five type pages of what is wrong an example. It's just an example. There's no sworn evidence required in an extradition to deprive a Canadian of her or his liberty. There is in Canadian domestic proceedings, so Liberty is gravely at stake. All that's required is what is called a record of the case. A document not sworn simply certified by some foreign official and that document is presumed to be reliable. Even sworn evidence in Canada is not presumed to be reliable, it has to demonstrate its reliability, so the record of the case in dr. Deb's case was presumed to be reliable when it claimed that the key Hotel card that the bomber handled signing into the hotel bore no usable fingerprints. That was not only not reliable. It was a lie. In 2007, the French, with enhanced investigative techniques, found a usable fingerprint on the Bombers hotel card. They examined it. It was not hassan d ab. They knew that two years before they started this process and claimed there was no usable fingerprint canadiens during his extradition. Hearing secretly contacted France without telling the court or the defense and asked France to send. The bomber was also detained by the police and a number of fingerprints were found on the Bombers statement and secretly. The Department of Justice got that statement sent to Canada and the RCMP conducted a fingerprint analysis and all the identifiable prints on it excluded dr. dia mr. Siegel and his report calls this inconclusive. Equivocal, it's perfectly conclusive, even in the letter that the Department of Justice wrote to the French, it identifies the evidence that will come from this fingerprint examination as powerful. If not conclusive, it was perfectly conclusive and just to show you how little factual, factually correct information is in this report. In fact, the French found 20 identifiable prints. Eight of them were the police officer who was interrogating him, the other 12 all excluded dr. D AB. The report calls this equivocal. It's not equivocal the Department of Justice themselves, called it powerful, if not conclusive, and yet it was suppressed, and the report says justified in doing that was your view. Had the extradition judge and aware of that? Well, don't you think he would have had a very different view of this marginal reliability of this handwriting opinion versus scientific fingerprint evidence. Of course it was relevant, so greater disclosure there shouldn't be a presumption of reliability. We've got proof that one of our most trusted allies misrepresented here now to their credit, the French investigative judges did what Canadian courts didn't do they gave this man justice. They did what the Canadian Court said. They weren't going to do conduct a three year investigation, while he languished I, don't know how the Court of Appeal seemed to know in advance that wouldn't happen when we put before them evidence that they were not ready to put him on trial. That's what extradition is for it's to send the person for trial, not for investigation. There are so many areas of potential reform to make this properly protective of Canadians and compliant with the Charter. It's a backwater of Canadian law that has survived this way because so few Canadians so few lawyers, so few judges ever see it and the IAG that little department in department of justice has created the law this and it serves them well. The case of the Alawi executive I was wondering how you think dr. Diaz case affects the Canadian government's ability to defend its extradition law in such a delicate international situation. Well, very senior American officials have made public statements that, in the past, in Canadian law have been held to be abusive of the process. So there may be some unusual wrinkles in that case, including that Canada has no sanctions like Iran does, like the u.s. does I'm sorry in trading with Iran and so there's a real issue about double criminality. In the main case, there are different issues in that case and unique ones.