Pembroke for the past couple of use, Facebook CEO, Mark Zuckerberg has been making the push for privacy. Today we are going to talk about building a privacy, focused social platform, encouraging people to use private Facebook groups that require users to request permission before they can join and view the page users can also create secret groups that don't appear in any search results. Privacy gives us the freedom to be ourselves, but it appears. Those private pages also provide the freedom to spread hatred. It has become the tool of hate mongers of people who want to promote violence using a fake account. Global News asked to join one private Facebook group called Justin. Trudeau must be stopped. The group has nearly 20,000 members, but before we could join, we had to answer a series of questions, including this one. Do you see the massive number of Muslims flooding into Canada as a threat to our way of life in the future? Once granted access? We found dozens of posts and comments using vulgar language to describe Muslims and homosexuals, along with suggestions that they and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau should be killed and some of the things that we see, especially in facebook on private chat rooms, really will would would curl your innards Global News reached out to all 10 of the pages. Moderators one responded, not interested. You journals are a moral scavengers with a narrative to push many of these sort of moving into those hidden spaces where they can't be monitored as easily we're seeing a rise in attacks on minority communities. The head of the National Council of Canadian Muslims points to terrorist attacks on religious sites in Quebec, City and New Zealand. As examples of online hatred inspiring violence. There needs to be a whole of society approach and a whole government approach to making sure that hate is. You know held at bay now Facebook employs around 15,000 content moderators and uses software to detect inappropriate behavior, but those tools still failed to spot that Facebook page called Justin Trudeau must be stopped as a result of our investigation and inquiries. Donna late today that Facebook page was removed. The company says it violated its policies for inciting violence.