Good morning, everyone it is 7:30 3:00. In the morning you are looking at a live shot from our global one. News: helicopter of Walter dill bridge massive traffic problems this morning for motorists trying to get into the downtown core by Walter Dale bridge. A group of climate activists have shut down the bridge to traffic. That is where are Kendra's agofsky is she joins us now live this morning with more Kendra. There have we've seen some very angry people there this morning, yeah that's right. Erin and the group of protesters stepped on -, Walter, Dale bridge just before 7 o'clock this morning and traffic has been back since then, people are getting upset, police have just arrived on scene and and many of the commuters who made their way out of their vehicles because they can't go anywhere, are yelling at police demanding to know why they are not arresting the people that are blocking the bridge. They've been begging the protesters to at least open up one lane of traffic, so people can start funneling through, but these protesters that are part of a group called extinction. Rebellion have not been budging, they have been standing arm in arm here blocking the entire bridge, so nobody could get into the downtown core. You can see here. Things are getting heated, Michael, one-lane, I asked you and you know it I'll run through everybody, and you know moments earlier. We had one man come straight up to these protesters screaming at them. Yelling I have a baby to feed. I need to get to work, I'm losing hours, I'm losing pay, begging them to let him through. So he can get down to his work again. People are frustrated, they are at a standstill. It is gridlock for kilometres down here Kendra. This is a protest that we're seeing happen right around the world. -, it's not just here in Edmonton, that's right! It's an international movement. We've seen it in in Sydney, Australia, we've seen it in the UK in London, and even it started out east in Halifax, and earlier this morning there were a row of bikes that were stationed up here. People were so frustrated. They actually grabbed the bikes, threw them over the guardrail saying these don't belong here either. Of course, they can't do that with the boat or the people standing here, but tension is rising. People are threatening to use violence if they have to, but so far, luckily we haven't seen anything like that police, as I mentioned just arriving from the other side of the bridge. We hear sirens and people have been sitting here, laying on the horns and we've heard from people yelling what if there is a medical emergency? What if somebody's having a heart attack in this line- and they can't get through so they are trying to negotiate police- are telling these frustrated commuters, that they are working with them, trying to negotiate and get a lane open, but that hasn't happened yet, and people are angry. They need to get down to work. But again the the climate activists say they have to do this to send message. But I've been talking to some people, who've been sitting at a standstill, they say this is not helping the cause. We have all these vehicles idling and it is not helping they're, not making any friends, but the people here say they are sending a message and obviously that message is being broadcast and it's affecting a lot of people trying to get downtown this morning. Erin yeah, it is right. Well, hopefully, it remains a peaceful protest. Thank you so much Kendra. We will check back in with you shortly.