Most of the nearly 300 confirmed cases are at hospitals here in Wuhan. There is heightened concern all across the world, including here at the US officials. Here in Wuhan, have designated nine hospitals as treatment centers, including this one right behind me. All eyes are on a new strain of a corona virus. The outbreak of this new virus is linked to a seafood and animal market in Wuhan China, it's a corona virus and it's likely that this originated in some non-human animal and and jump from a nonhuman animal into a human now health officials believe the virus is spreading through human to human contact. The first reported case of this new virus was on December 31st 2019. So what is a corona virus? And what do we know so far about this new strain? Viruses is one of a group of viruses. There are a number of corona viruses that affect humans. There also a lot of other corona viruses that infect other species of animals, like other corona viruses, the strain of zoonotic, which basically means the virus can travel between animals and humans in people. The symptoms vary. Some can be mild like the common cold or much more severe like SARS or MERS. It's also true that when SARS first started, it actually changed fairly quickly over the first three months. So we don't know whether this virus is a virus that is going to be stable. The way it is now or whether two months from now it's going to have some different characteristics. Then it appears to have now the way in which any corona virus is transmitted is pretty similar. A virus has to get to the cells that line the back of your nose and your throat. So that can happen because you breathe the virus in sometimes they might land on the surface around them, and you might put your hand down and then put your hand up to your mouth though it can be, it can be through the air or it can be from time and depending on how you look at it. The symptoms, the virus causes can mirror the common cold. Most people would really think about fever, cough and shortness of breath, and, unfortunately, for us in the northern hemisphere. It's we're in the middle of influenza season right now, so it's not uncommon at all for people to have a fever cough and shortness of breath because of an influenza infection or an infection with one of about a million other circulating viruses that cause an influenza like illness. The first confirmed case was in China since then more cases were reported elsewhere in Asia, along with the US.