This is the day the Lord has made, let us because this is the day for the homegoing celebration of a great man, a moral leader and a friend to Bishop, Walter, Scott, Thomas and first lady of the church, Patricia Thomas and the new psalmist Baptist Church. Thank you for welcoming us all here to reflect on the life and celebrate the service of Elijah Cummings and to the Cummings family, to his political family, the constituents from the Maryland congressional 7th district. Thank you for sharing him with our country and the world and Thank You Maya. As you have said so beautifully, you walked by Elijah's side on this journey. Thank you for your steadfastness, your resilience and your leadership. It is no coincidence, is it that Elijah Cummings shared a name with an Old Testament prophet, whose name, and in Hebrew the Lord is my god and who used the power and the wisdom that God gave him to uphold the moral law that all people are subject to and because of all people are equal like the Prophet. Our Elijah could call down fire from heaven, but he also prayed and worked for healing. He weathered storms and earthquakes, but never lost his faith like that Old Testament prophet. He stood against corrupt leadership of King Ahab and Queen Jezebel, and he looked out for the vulnerable among us. He lifted up the next generation of leaders. He even worked a few miracles and he kept reminding us. Life is no dress rehearsal. The American people want to live their lives without fear of their leaders and as leaders we have a responsibility to keep the promises made when running for office to make the lives of Americans better. As Elijah said, while we're all on this earth that's my message: our Elijah was a fierce champion for truth, justice and kindness in every part of his life, his integrity and character. His can-do spirit made him a guiding light in the Congress. He pushed back against the abuse of power. He was unwavering in his defense of our democracy. He had little tolerance for those who put party ahead of country or partisanship above truth, but he could find common ground with anyone willing to seek it with him, and he liked to remind all of us that you can't get so caught up in who you are fighting that you forget what you are fighting for. Even his political adversaries recognized that it wasn't really about politics for our Elijah. He led from his soul. He often said that our children are a message to a future. We will never see. I saw that firsthand when I attended an event for the Elijah Cummings youth program in Israel, a leadership program for young people in his district and Elijah didn't just put his name on the program and then forget about it. He interviewed every applicant. He was personally invested in their success. He wanted all of us to see our young people, as he memorably asked us to do when he gave the eulogy at the funeral for Freddie gray. Did you see him by the time these young people came back from Israel to Baltimore? They had celebrated Shabbat studied Hebrew hiked up Masada. They had seen and been seen and made lifelong friends all because Elijah Cummings knew from his own experiences that it's one thing to learn: abstractly about the world but another to experience it with people different from yourself learning from each other lifting each other up. You know Elijah often said his philosophy was simple: do something go out and do something? No matter how daunting a problem seems no matter how helpless you feel. Surely there is something you can do, I think that remains his challenge to each of us, as he said, even if it seems small, there's, usually something you can do. If you are looking for it, you can defend the truth. You can defend democracy, you can lift up others and toward the end of his life, he said. I am begging the American people to pay attention to what is going on, because if you want to have a democracy intact for your children and your children's children and generations yet unborn, we have got to this moment. This is our watch. Our Elijah knew because he was a man of faith and a man of the church that life was fleeting and precious, and that's why he worked so hard to make every moment of his life count when we're dancing with the Angels. The question will be asked. He said in 2019. What did we do to make sure we kept our democracy intact? I will end with the paraphrase of a poem that Elijah recited in his very first speech in the Congress. He said that he told himself this poem as many as 20 times a day. I only have a minute 60 seconds in it. Forced upon me, I did not choose it, but I know that I must use it give a count if I abuse it suffer if I lose it only a tiny little minute, but eternity is in it. Thank you, Elijah Cummings, for your work, your service and the lessons you leave us. God bless you.