All right, y'all ready, okay 7:45. We just want to give another update again: we've some things are starting to come into focus a little more like I started off with earlier. It's it's very important to me to y'all to know that, first and foremost, that the start this healing process starts within and that this community it needs to love each other and pray for each other and pray for the victims and their families. That's most important is is to remember those people and to grab on to your loved ones. Tonight, I want to update you on what's happening right here at Medical Center of what we have going and I've got some updated numbers and I'll try to to go through those quickly but accurately, amend ago earlier, when I came out, I reported 14 here. That number is 13. One of the people we had was caught in the action. It was not related to this incident, so the number is 13. Okay, so I want to correct that that the number is 13 out of those 13. We have had two that have been treated and released. We have seven that are critical when I say critical. Most of those have been in surgery and are out of surgery, seven of those okay, those are critical to serious one deceased and we have one transferred a pediatric patient under the age of two years old that was transferred out of here. Okay, so I'll go over those one more time: seven critical to serious one deceased, one transferred under the age of two years old: okay, a to the eight we've had eight people total in surgery and and most of those are out and and have gone very well. Let me just talk about our blood supply, we're getting a lot of calls about blood supply. Our blood supply currently is good, we're, okay right now we appreciate all the calls and all the outpouring has been nationwide- we're getting calls all over the nation about what's going on and first and foremost, we want to say thank you for that, because that's really shows the support that every that that we have for each other. Our supplies are good. The blood is good. Let me just comment briefly on the on the families. I know there is a family gathering center. That's been set up here in Odessa and I've got I'll, get that in just a second but I'll get that out, but there is a family center that has been set up for people to to gather if they have any questions. Okay, y'all may know that already, but I just wanted to bring that out, but we're still on lockdown I, still think for the safety of our patients and victims and the victims, families that we need stay all lockdown just to keep it under control. We hope to have that lifted before too long, but right now I think it's in the best interest to keep it locked down where it is. Okay, our staff has been amazing, but that's not the point here. The point right now is that that these victims are being taken care of, and so we're just we're just trying to do right by them. Okay, let me introduce just a few people that will take just a few questions. Okay, this is Matt and he's our chief operations officer Matt's here this is dr. Bose, one of our trauma. Doctors and I'm going to turn it over to dr. Bose just for a second just to talk about gunshot victims and what things like that are and I'll. Let him speak to it in just a minute. We'll come back to me, then - Matt for any follow-up questions. Okay, I'll hand it over to dr. Bose was here for this. Second. Thank you. So, first of all, our thoughts are with the families and when a situation like this happens, its actions that come together from preparation years in advance, so over the last several years, we've formed committees where we've coordinated the many elements that will be necessary here: police sheriff school departments, Odessa Fire & Rescue and the medical director, the emergency room and other parties that are involved here. When everyone arrived, it was well orchestrated. We received 13 patients and because of this preparation, you know we were able to call in our backups anesthesiologist operating room, staffs tax nurses. This was a great team effort for everybody. When the patients arrived after they arrived, we were able to do the initial stabilizing maneuvers on everyone, and the emphasis I would give here and I think a take-home point, especially for the national viewers, is I, encourage everyone in every community, no matter what size you're in the middle of the desert you're in an urban area to prepare in advance. Unfortunately, it may not be a matter of if it may be a matter of when and for us. This preparation really helped us today, I thought to what the family and another thing I'd mention is whenever there is something on the national scale like this, it starts as a local response. It starts right there at the community. It starts with knowing how to stop bleeding it and starts with how to do BLS and chest compressions, and this is something that we as Americans can do and we're incurring encouraging this in the Midland Odessa community, and we really encourage this at Medical, Center Hospital, and you guys out there wherever you're watching nationwide. You can make a huge difference for people, because when they arrive here, the response can stay local, because if you practice this, you don't need to call in the state. You don't need to call the governor, you don't need to activate FEMA and national. You know resources, so we can do this. We can come together and I. Think our community here has shown how we can do that and I think our families are going to come together and we're gonna become stronger from this. Thank you. Let's turn it over to Matt hi. My name is Matt Collins I was the incident commander for this incident. First of all, of course, our hearts and prayers go out to all of the victims and and their families and our hospital staff as well. This has been a very, very difficult situation. We really have three phases of operations inside the hospital, and this happens. We have an activation phase and then we have operational periods, we've just completed operational period, one and two and at 7:00 at 7:30 we went into the final phase, which is a recovery phase, and that's where we start putting everything back together, getting back to normal operations and taking care of our staff and to continue to take care of those patients that have just gone through this horrific situation. So with that said, I'd be able be happy to answer any questions that I can, of course we're not able to release names or any information regarding the victims. I am NOT certain, but they were life-flighted to Lubbock or Children's in Dallas. My understanding all I can tell you is we know that that person was involved in this incident and had a fatal gunshot wound. You know, honestly, it's not a time for us to think a lot. We've done a lot of preparation for this day and we work through these things in simulated situations several times a year, so everybody has a role that they fall into and everybody fell into that role in the hospital and all of the staff performed. Admiral admirably, but ultimately we're here to serve those victims and the family. So it's not really about us today. We do. Of course you know this happens when all of the media is released and social media reports. People come to the hospital seeking reports on their loved ones, so we have a location inside the hospital where we congregated all of those families, and we had a senior nursing official work to reunify them and get as much inflammation information as we could to each and every family member. It's my understanding that that room is down to just a couple of families now and that we've communicated with everybody that we can we're gonna keep the hospital into a lockdown situation until approximately 10:00 p.m. just for staff, comfort and safety, but the hospital is back to normal operations at this time it did make the difference. I can't tell you, because we are prepared, but I think if we were not, we may not have had the same rapid response to the situation and the great outcomes that we had I mean. We saved 12 people today we're using our own internal communication systems to make sure that we're adequately staffed for the unit for the evening, and, yes, we are actually above normal staffing levels for this evening, going into the weekend in the hospital is back to normal operations. Right now, it's being reported to us that we're fully staffed, we activate, what's called call trees. Where managers start them, then they call one person after another after another, and we had the exact response that we would have ever hoped for in the situation, not only for nurses but for doctors and all of the other support staff and police officers security. Everybody that we need to manage an incident like this lots of flies are good, that's very good news and then your supplies. You know, as our CEO said a few minutes ago, the community needs your prayers. Victims need your prayers. Families need your prayers. The hospital staff needs your prayers. We, what we call cash emergency supplies so when there is a situation like this, where we consume lots of supplies, while giving the care were able to replenish them quickly enough to maintain operations, those patients there's eight or seven critical and two that are serious, so I'm I can give you an update on their exact status, but they are receiving the appropriate care at the level of care they're there. First I would emphasize that this is not about the doctor. It's not about us. It's about the family, but myself personally, I'm an Iraq war, veteran I, served 12 years in the military and served in the Second Battle of Fallujah and Baghdad, and this is something that unfortunately I'm very experienced at mass casualty situations, and this is what led us to form the preparation process with hundreds and hundreds of people that you are not seeing here that are very intricately involved in a situation like this. So as far as for the public out there, the message for them I think what they can do to help. You know we always say thoughts and prayers, that's great, but go out there. Take a BLS class go out. There learn about how to stop bleeding, go out there and practice safety. Don't text and drive, don't do things where you put yourself and others in danger, and this is something that we can do as a nation to help here. So typically, I can reliably comment on what's happening in the walls of the emergency room. So it'd be speculation about what is going on on the streets and what streets are closed and what weapons were used. I'm I, don't want to say the wrong information, so I don't want to say the wrong information. But from my understanding of the situation, the vast majority came to Medical Center Hospital. We are the highest level trauma center for over thirty thousand square miles in this region, so over thirty thousand square miles. So the majority came here. There were fuse that went to some outlying trauma centers as well, so who was an officer and who wasn't and who was where it would be speculation. On my end, our end, we were just trying to do the basic, stop bleeding resuscitate and use our well-trained Tech's nurses, staff, physicians, everyone to get the job done. These things don't just happen. You have to prepare so everything from who comes in to where family members go to how to keep ourselves safe, how to prevent wrong messages going out to the media, how to keep the calm and do this in a calm situation. This doesn't happen by accident. This takes years of preparation and I encourage every community to do this. This is not an urban community here, but this happened here, and this can happen anywhere across America and I. Think what I personally took from this is a team here in West Texas in the deserts of West Texas was maximally prepared at this trauma center to take care of everyone and I. Don't think this is beyond us. Anybody can do this. Please be prepared. Information on the family center is located at a set up at Ector, County, annex building on 1010, East, 8th Street, 1010, East, 8th Street, and that's for the Family Center, the reunification center there. Okay, any other questions before we wrap this up, so we had our basic emergency department, crew and then, on top of that we have backup emergency department crew. But often you have to figure out the bottlenecks in your system, and this is this came from our preparation. The bottleneck may not be an emergency room. It may be the operating room anesthesiologist. So we prepared this in advance. Everybody was called in from extra nurses, extra tax extra- you know custodians, they may save more lives than anybody by preventing infection. So this is a team effort and we were prepared for this and the whole team was called in the last thing: we're gonna we're going to say a lockdown until 10 o'clock at 10 o'clock, we'll reassess the situation, make sure we're safe, I, don't plan on having another one of these unless something drastically changes. Okay, but if we do we'll get the notification out to everybody, but thank you all for for being here and, and one final word just to everybody listening to our voice today and tonight is when you, when you go when you go to bed and hide with your families, you need to grab them hold on time because nobody's guaranteed the next the next day and grab on to your families and love them and pray for our staff, our doctors and these victims and these victims, families and hold on to your loved ones. Tonight, and all we can say, is God bless, Texas god bless Odessa and Medical, Center, United, States and and and love on your family tonight and thank y'all very much. That's all thank y'all. Thank you. Everybody.