I researched everything all the ingredients- Jason Kim smoked cigarettes for 20 years finally kicked in the habit by taking up vaping, he started selling the devices a short time later, I've been in business for four five years and in the beginning it was very much a small niche type of a business. A far cry from the multi-billion dollar industry vaping has become. The popularity of e-cigarettes has exploded and it isn't small specialty shops like this one driving that growth. Now the vaping industry is being driven by big tobacco through our parent company British American Tobacco we're on the journey of what we call transforming tobacco Imperial Tobacco Canada launched its East cigarette brand vibe in Canada in the spring of 2018 jewel entered the market a short time later. The sleek devices can be purchased at gas stations and convenience stores and pack, a powerful punch. Both offer pause with nicotine concentration levels, approaching 60 milligrams per milliliter, youth and parents. Weren't even aware that nicotine was present in the majority of vaping products, and they certainly were not aware of the high levels of nicotine in those products. According to Canada's chief Public Health Officer, the soaring popularity of e-cigarettes, particularly among youth caught the medical community, off-guard research, found that between 2017 and 2018 vaping among teenagers jumped a staggering seventy-four percent. A sweet, I think of regulatory measures is needed. Dr. Tam says officials are working on a list of recommendations that will be given to Ottawa, but Imperial Tobacco is pushing back asking Health Canada not to ban flavors or lower nicotine concentration caps. But a nicotine limit is something this shop owner says the Canadian market needs most so that vaping can get back to becoming a smoking cessation tool instead of a habit that in itself becomes too difficult to break Heather. Urich's West, Global, News Calgary, the US Centers for Disease Control has linked 530 cases of lung injury to vaping. The reports come from third eight states and one u.s. territory. The outbreak has triggered a nationwide investigation into e-cigarettes. Seven deaths have been confirmed so far, but as many as 10 have been reported.