This is a nuclear power station, a basic explanation as to what happens inside these stations involves the heating of water to create steam. That steam is then spun inside large turbines which generates electricity. While these nuclear power stations are essential to our everyday lives, they can also harm us if they accidentally release radioactive iodine into the air outside their plant. Although it turned out to be a false alarm, the Ontario government sent out an emergency alert of a possible issue at a nuclear plant in Pickering Ontario, leading a lot of people to ask what can be done if there's a real emergency. If there is a release of radioactive iodine and a person gets that in their body, their thyroid would absorb the radioactive iodine and it will be an increased risk of cancer. So what does this mean for the people that live work or study near a nuclear power station? The distance doesn't matter at all, it's all about the level of exposure so, of course, being closest to the plant. We would expect that's where you'll have the highest risk. That's where potassium iodide pills come in in the event when radioactive iodide is accidentally released into the air outside the plant. The whole point of the potassium iodine pill is to make sure the thyroid gets as much iodine as it could possibly hold, and then, if any more comes in and that would include radioactive iodine, your body will just get rid of it. But how effective are these iodide pills and taking the potassium iodine pills is very effective ideas to have the iodine pills as an initial protection, but then get away from the exposure, and it's used in hospitals all the time for treatment of different thyroid issues and thyroid cancers. It's really well studied, there's not a risk that really comes with using them. Hargrave says you have to take these pills every few hours until the exposure risk has been eliminated. She also says that the iodide pills are highly effective for people who've been exposed to radioactive iodine, but it will not work for other types of radiation that is released by a nuclear power plant.