This is sub accord of Shari. She has been sentenced to 24 years in prison, her crime protesting against having to wear a hijab in Iran, and this is not a new battle for women in Iran. In 1979, after the Islamic Revolution, a mandatory dress code was imposed for all women living in Iran. This law still applies today about six years ago. This mandatory law received a lot of attention, thanks to an iranian-born journalist and activist based out of the UK and the u.s.. She started an online movement against the mandatory law and called it my stealthy freedom. She encouraged women from Iran to post photos of themselves without their hijabs and share their moments where they felt liberated after removing the hijab. This is just one example of an ongoing conversation on social media and Sabah. Now, 20 years old is part of the larger fight for women's rights. The issue is that the Iranian authorities do not want to give a free hand to women to women, are ignoring these rules and tolerating them as long as these actions are not so much publicized on social networks. But that's not the case with Sabah. She decided to voice her opinion on the subject on social media and the video caught many people's eyes, which led to her arrest on August 27 Sabhas lawyer received a notice from the Islamic Revolution court of Tehran, stating that Sabah has been sentenced to 24 years in prison 15 years for encouraging people to commit immorality and or prostitution, seven and a half years for gathering and collusion against internal or external security and a year-and-a-half for spreading propaganda against a system. There is an article of the law which says when somebody is sentenced to three or more apprentice. They will serve only the highest sentence. So among these three 15 years are the highest Saba's lawyer plans to respond with an appeal in court, I'm, deeply sad to say that expected sentence to be upheld. However, human rights activists also expect that the fight for equal rights in Iran is far from over.