Welcome to living in color, I'm, your host, Farah Nasser, and today we're talking about ways to discuss racism and diversity with children. At what age should you begin talking to them about race? Why is it important to have these conversations early on and more today, I'm joined by Yoshi Murphy, who is a writer and content creator for baby and life calm, as well as Brendan Hey, who is the founder of black daddies Club, welcome to yashi and Brendan? Thank you. Thanks for having us, let's get right into this and start by talking about when you think parents should approach the discussion of race and racism, Brandon I'll start with you, I think you know I think, as babies are coming into that consciousness. Right, like questions are coming up, but I think that's like the perfect time to start having conversations wonder if you have a boy or girl and like you're playing with Barbies, for example, and you're. Seeing that, like you know yet the dark can and the white, can it's like a good time to have conversations around differences and also one of the things I did with my kids was like insert the names in baby stories or create baby stories or bedtime stories just so that they could see themselves or hear themselves and picture themselves in in a positive light because commercials media, it's it's depicting especially black boys, in a very negative light. So it's very it's important. Oh we saw it was important that we had conversation conversations to kind of flip that and show a positive side of their blackness. We talked to kids about colors from when they were babies right. What cool is this toy? What color's your shirt, so the concept of color came in pretty early and for us the conversation took place. I think she was about three years old when my daughter asked what color am I and we used that opportunity to talk about race, colors culture, diversity, but she was three right, so it was really light-hearted conversations and I think the most important thing is to have continuous conversations so that we can involve with that mm-hmm yeah. It's funny, my kid would ivis my oldest of six, and he would say you know the brown looking kid over there, but not realizing he's. Also a round looking kid over here. You know like he and it didn't mean a dinner this way, but just kids sort right, so they sort out. So they, like you say they picked up color size, shape whatever and it's an innocent way. I gave you one example of how I brought it up. What are some of the ways you two have brought it up to your kids in terms of explaining to the explaining to them that people still aren't treated equally when it comes to me, I mean for my sons, my three beautiful black boys, 17, 15 and 13, and talking about race, has been important, but also talking about gender right. So with with my son, like using mediums like the news. So when Trayvon happened, trayvon martin, like that for us that was a really necessary conversation we had to have so it wasn't just talking about the birds and bees, but was talking about like situations that can definitely affect any of my three black boys. But then also when my eldest son was turned, he was turning 14. I took him to go, see moonlight and then afterwards we had a conversation about like we had some to eat and we talked about what is asked him like. What is black masculinity black masculinity to you, and he was like it's a performance and for me that was like super rewarding. For me, it showed that he was way more developed yeah. It was way more developed than I was at 14 or even my priority, 20s right, but I think it's having these honest dialogue and using mediums what there's like film or youtube to like break in, like really tough discussions. For that that's age-appropriate, see our kids are both younger. So how would you explain it to your to your young kids books? Is there anything? So, yes, definitely using books and movies, but more often than not I like to use everyday situations that they're familiar with, and especially when the topic of race is concerned. We live in downtown Toronto, it's a very diverse City and what we do between our travels and local living is that we try to attend the festivals. We try to take part in culinary trails and visit museums and then use those opportunities to bring up topics that they can kind of understand a little bit and so that later on in life we can have more sophisticated conversation. And, lastly, this next question you answered how you want cuz. Your kids eventually might watch this watch this broadcast, but tell us about any situations that you've personally experienced in terms of your kids, facing any discrimination and how you handled it. If you're comfortable with that, my kids are still young, they are five and seven. So as far as I am aware, we haven't I. Would they haven't? I should say, but it's something that we are conscious of my husband and I. So we ask them how was school and what we realize is that dear friends may say something that they don't necessarily would consider to be racism, so we're focusing on how did that make you feel right? What did this make you feel so so far we haven't so but I think if they get older yeah tell us I. Think it's interesting right, I think anti black racism. Is it's deep into systemic stuff, so like even in just like preschool or in you know their day, experience like a lot of their teachers are not from the community, don't look like them so they're there you know. I took had a conversation with my black board, some from early that listen when you guys are young um, they're gonna, see, is cute and then, as you sort of grow up, and that was the first. That was what we noticed early. It was like when my sons or any other black boys and black girls as well, would do anything that their white counterparts were doing. That was a normal part of their development. The the response was a lot different quiet. It was, you know there was this vigilance around being sent out the classroom or being escalated to go to to the principal's office, where there was more leniency right. So there is especially with black boys. There is this other ring that happens and black girls, let's be quick, very quickly right right, but even as my young, my eldest early this year, he went to the North Hills in my area, which is in Malvern, he won with his friend and he was like he was being surveilled and he went to check out. He bought he paid for this thing, his items and this lady who was checking him out, which is a white woman from the same community that we live in said well, it's a part that we had to check your bags and he said: okay, cool personal bag, it's personal bag, because you're like this is this is no frills policy and then, when he got outside one of the a black woman who saw the whole things that make sure you tell your parents what happened cuz, you just got racially profiled, so you told us- and is you know the first thing I seemed to do was to journal about it, but the reality is that you can't like that's the challenges as a black father, you can't protect your kids against racism, so it's important that you have these conversations and the journaling piece was more more or less for him to for him to sort of critically think about what's happening around him right, so not just to take it and be like okay. This is what it is, but critically think and and and ask himself questions right and really critically start thinking about the world that surround him like if it was his wife friend that that went in with the same response have happened. We don't know right, but I think the question is: does his blackness gives him a different experience? Then then others and it does and I guess you're also having to make him aware of it more than I. Think many of us would for our kids, so I'm specifically talking about you know you. You said to our producer Ally when you're we were talking to about this episode that just like you have to teach you know your kids about the birds and the bees. You have to also add in police brutality, one of the things you teach them about. You tell me about that. I. Think, like you talk to any black parent, whether it's a young boy or whatever a daughter or a son or whatever they want to identify, is you have to have conversations very real conversation from early ages? How you interact with the police yeah? She we were talking just recently about right now about skin color, and you know your daughter at three kind of witnesses witnessing colors used something really interesting in terms how you explained what color she was. Originally you told her. She was peach and then so originally said she was peach because I'm South Asian I'm from Sri Lanka, her dad's Canadian white, but then this winter, this past winter she was going to school, and she kind of mentioned that you know my friends call me brown and she didn't seem happy about it. So I questioned I'm like well. You know we just got from Mexico your couple shades darker, we talked about you, know I'm Sri, Lankan, so you're Hofstra Lankan. We probed a little further and found out that what she was unhappy with was the fact that her hair is brown. She fully agrees to that, but her skin color is somewhere in between. So it's neither white, neither brown so I came up with this idea about. You know again taking the real life situation and putting her in there was. We went, paint, shopping, paint, chip shopping a few. Well, so we're in the Canadian Tire, and she saw this whole spectrum of colors of like the range of peaches and the ranges of brown, and she picked the color that suited her, and we said okay well, next time someone says you can say: oh I'm, coffee country, that's really an interesting and really smart way to handle that and to show that there's all different colors like look how many colors there are out there right, that's so I'm even shades at the same color. He mentioned what would the two of you to say say to parents out there who might be kind of afraid to bring up race to their kids and may think it would have a negative effect right now, because there might be divisive. What would you say to that Brandon I think whether you're black white or whatever I think you know, as you actually talked about- and you mentioned kids are gonna- ask these questions. They're gonna be curious. Their questions are relevant, I think to like be honest with them, but also talk about race and diversity, not from a deficit right and also for black parents. I know like for us: it's it's. It was really having those conversations whether it was around race or it's around gender sexuality. Well, my kid was my middle son was seven. He asked he asked us about. Oh you asked me specifically: cuz I was in a car waiting for him or waiting with him. He talked about. You know two guys kissing and it was sort of having this conversation around. Like you know it's, okay, if they're in love, they're having this comments like it's okay and different folks love differently, but in the moment I was terrified because you recognize how important this responses and there's no there's no blueprint. You know so you know it's really being tentative and and and careful with the response. Yeah. My viewpoint is fair. We teach our kids about colors, we teach them to be kind, we tell them they need to share. In the same vein, we really need to teach them to be respectfully curious right, so we, whenever they ask questions and they say the darndest things right, think that we wouldn't say as an adult. But what we need to remember is that those questions aren't coming from a place of judgment at this stage, so we should use that opportunity to teach them that you know yes, we're all different, but we're created equal, but also that life's unfair and racism does exist. So what I want to do is actually arm them with the right tools so that when they are subjected to that, they can step up and either have a conversation and question what's going around or actually call it out if it is racism in their circles and I need to ensure that we've laid that foundation and not having the conversations, it's just doing more harm yeah. This has been really helpful for me, as a mother, I hope it's been helpful to other parents out there. Thank you both for sharing your stories and being so open about what you've gone through with your family. So thank you. Thank you very much and thank you for watching living in color. Thank you for watching living in color. If you enjoyed the show, please subscribe to our YouTube channel and if you have an idea for a future living in color episode, we'd love to hear your thoughts. Please leave them in the comment section.