Police are adding patrols on the streets of an entire New York City neighborhood tonight, in response to a possible uptick of the so-called knockout game. The disturbing challenge were teens pump up their lips a game popular years ago is making a comeback. Children eating Tide Pods, they call it the tide, pod challenge, I. Think a social media challenge is the same kind of challenge that we've seen kids and teenagers do for decades. We do tend to dare and challenge our friends, and there is a point where that becomes more prevalent, usually in sort of teenage years, where we're looking to challenge our friends to be risky, so I think a social media challenge is the same kind of idea just taken to the landscape or the medium of social media and the internet no dying, as I mentioned, it's somewhat normal to an extent so adolescents and teenagers. It's part of their independence, seeking it's part of them, pushing the boundaries further in their development as fully fledged adults, they began to be take more risky behavior, but also in addition to that encouraged or dare their friends to take more risks and engage in sort of risky challenges, and that kind of thing- and some of these things are benign and rarely are like relatively harmless, but I think in some cases they can be endangering to not only the person undertaking them, but also to the public as well. It's called the knockout game where teenagers randomly attack strangers to try sickening game playing out on the streets of cities across America without national trend, often caught on the video that is downright disturbing potential victim jonathan l'm asking walk the streets of Little Italy one and then the next he would spend the summer eating smoothies out of a syringe. So we have mischief laws. Those laws apply online and offline, so they're not specific to the internet. The law that we have is general enough to apply to the internet as well as offline. So, generally speaking, if someone is committing a crime- and nobody knows about it until they've posted it online, it's the it's. The posting itself is not criminal. In most cases, there are some exceptions, but the public, the publicizing of that crime will get police to be. Like hey look at this, you know we should look into this. We place a lot of value as society these days, sadly, on internet faman more in the younger populations. This appetite for internet fame has certainly increased and I think that, in combination with the natural, healthy, normal developmental desire to fit in to belong to, have the approval of your peers at that age can be a dangerous combination. With these challenges, jean-luc Jordan, who went to Mountain Ridge Middle School in Colorado Springs, died after playing a choking game. He saw on the Internet Lonnie O'connor first learned about the choking game too late from a nurse in the emergency room, the night, their twelve-year-old son Evan, died nearly three years ago. It's called the choking game. 11 year old, Garrett Pope died doing it a few days ago in South. Carolina consent is important because it allows someone who's charged with assault or some crime to say. Look the person asked me to do it. The person said I can do you know I agree to this being done. So when it comes to something like property, not such a big deal. When it comes to hurting someone else, then the question becomes. Is that consent informed? Does that person really understand what they're consenting to and there's a general rule that you can't sent to being physically harmed, so someone may consent to being choked temporarily momentarily? But if that choking leads to the person's death, it's not necessarily a defense to say that the person consented to the choking, because the choking led to the person's death and the person didn't inform to be choked to death. You know you want your criminal laws. You want any laws, whether they be civil or criminal, to be flexible enough to cover most situations. You don't want to have to go and fine-tune the laws. You know every every time some new invention comes out, I think our laws need to be technologically neutral and and in Canada for the most part they are nibbling Mickey. Oh you sound clear today, but it may really the issue in a video like that is the person licking the ice-cream is causing mischief by damaging the property of the supermarket. The viral video of someone in Texas licking a container of Blue Bell ice cream and putting it back on the shelf, inspired a copycat and that Catholic copycat er was here in Louisiana, Lenise Martin. A third will be in court today for a bond hearing is essentially what happened. The person that says he filmed her had himself filmed licking the Blue Bell ice cream, he Louisiana and then, after that he purchased that same container of ice, and so he arguably didn't commit the crime of licking it and leaving it. But by posting the content he was trying to get attention on the Internet and and that statute was designed specifically for copycats. Trying to get the art are people that are doing something so outrageous that it gets attention initially, but I think I think there's more value for society, stopping copycats than the original perpetrator, I, don't know if anybody's been convicted, it's kind of a specialty law, but the penalty is up to five hundred dollars in six months. Enjoyable, one or both yeah I mean I, can't speak to the law of Louisiana and I'm, not familiar with that law. But whenever we have a situation when there's a new technology and you're trying to take old laws and apply to new technology, that is a challenge. There's nothing new Under, the Sun. In terms of you know human behavior, but in terms of taking the old laws and applying it a lot of times it fits. Sometimes there may be technical nuances that don't allow that and that's when the legislature or the courts need to step in to fine-tune that I think that it's fine to use a broad interpretation of laws that can be expanded enough, their interpretation to apply to what's happening, but there are gonna be instances where you need to have something specific right. You know this. This statute here in Louisiana, is specifically designed to stop people from trying to use criminal activity to get attention on the Internet, but if you're gonna always have situations where you're going to need to come up with the law, if you actually want to regulate, you know you. Obviously, you can't rely on the service providers to like YouTube or Facebook or Instagram to regulate themselves because they're there it got shareholders and that's really all they care about well. I mean I. Think there's a there's a lot to be said here about the role of social media companies and the intermediaries and what role they have in policing the content, whether it's harmful content, mischievous content. However, you want to clear up, clarify it, classify it. There is the a role here: oftentimes the social media companies will manipulate your feed, based on what you've seen becomes like a little bit of an echo chamber, but I think it's clear today that they do have a role in shaping the the content that we see and and they need to be held accountable to it true or false, making a video where your friend appears to choke you and you challenge others to try. It is okay. As long as no one gets hurt in your video, the answer is false. Content that encourages illegal or dangerous activities is not allowed on YouTube. Neither is content that risk serious physical harm or death. So what you have here is unfettered access to a medium that offers constant reinforcement. So what I mean by that is when we post something on social media. If you have notifications for people's reactions to your post setup, you will get a notification on your cell phone or even your desktop device or whatever it is that you're using you'll get a notification that someone has reacted or responded or engaged some way with your post. So when that happens, every time you get that sort of notifier, whether it's that little red sign you see on your phone or it's a ding, a lot of people get a sound. What that does in the brain is it actually hits the reward system of the brain? So these social media notifications act as rewards, so from the from the standpoint of the brain itself, every time a person gets a notifier that someone has engaged it's activating that reward and reinforcement part of their brain, and it's causing them to want more to repeat the behavior, to continue going further down that path. When the internet was new, people didn't realize that what they did online had online ramifications. They didn't realize that publishing something online could potentially be illegal. I think people are shaped up to that and they understand that yeah. If I do something online, it could have online consequences it could it could come back to bite me in real life same here. Somebody does a crime, they record it. They upload it. The sharing of the crime and in and of itself may not be. The sharing of the video in and of itself may not be criminal, but what they do will be evidence and that could that's all they may need to have conviction. I decided to do the wasabi challenge purely because I was dead to do it by my friend I thought about no repercussions whatsoever. I was 22 at the time. I think that people do these social media challenges because of well really peer pressure, and now that we have Instagram and social media and and clickbait I, think that that's really kind of that's been the snowball effect for this.