It's Rob Thomas, when Toronto police, detective, Rob, Thomas, sat down with van attack, suspect out Minassian. It appeared he may not get much out of him, but slowly and very intentionally Thomas started to gain. Then twenty five-year-olds trust I wasn't a very big boy. He begins to share some personal experiences with with the accused to to make the accused comfortable former police officer. Paul Nadeau, who specialized in interrogations and polygraphs, says establishing a connection is key to getting information. People will cooperate with you when they know you like you and trust you something Dave Perry who has known Thomas professionally for 25 years, says he trained for and was brought in to accomplish. Detective Rob Thomas is a very skilled, very experienced interviewer and investigator he's a calligrapher, so he's been working polygraph for many years, they've been trained in lie, detection and also on how to talk to someone gaining trust through body language. We're seeing a slight shift. Both legs are open. Arms are open, he's actually swiveling a little bit in his chair as well as deliberate small talk and even planned furniture placement. There's absolutely no obstruction between the two of them. There's no table, there's there's no barrier and you don't want a barrier between you and the person that you're interrogating, so the position of the chairs are are excellent. Here all tactics these experts say led to the investigators securing a motive to have the huge speaking the truth in his own words, not being prompted not being interrogated, not being forced to say anything that you didn't want to say and eventually what they call a confession: I floor, the pedal, I speed, the van towards them and I allow the van to collide with them. The detective did an excellent textbook interrogation. He establishes rapport earlier on he's able to connect with the accused. It's an example of great police work, an interview experts say they have no doubt, will be admissible in court. Other tactics experts say Thomas used was in shirring. Minassian knew that the detective was his equal. Adding a suspect would not have respected the officer otherwise, also based on the suspects responses. I'm told that appears Toronto police fault, all the appropriate procedures during the arrest and the booking process.