Doreen is moving ever closer to Canada's East Coast people. They are now bracing for the impact of that storm. Global chief meteorologist Anthony Farnell, is in Halifax this morning good morning, Anthony. What can you tell us so far? It looks like things are picking up there. It is picking up. It's amazing. Last night was just a regular Friday night, everybody out talking about the storm, but they were still out about town. Today, all the shops, everybody basically hunkered down and everything's closed for this Saturday. This is the first real band of rain. That's moving into the city itself, the storm, the center of Hurricane Dorian, with winds, 150 kilometers per hour. Well, that's still about 400 kilometers off into the Atlantic. Now yesterday there were cruise ships. Here there was a lot of Navy vessels as well. They have gotten out of the Halifax harbor. They would rather deal with the 15-metre waves that are just offshore, then be basically bumped around inside this Harbor, which is expecting a storm surge up to a meter and then waves on top of that. So the worst of it will be later this evening when they are expecting widespread power outages as well. In fact, already, some parts of Halifax are in the dark this morning, so Anthony how about the the people that you talked about people milling around yesterday business as usual? Now the things are closing up and people are preparing. Are there evacuations at this point? There are voluntary evacuations for some places right around Halifax, Peggy's Cove. Many of us know it for its lighthouse, but there are some residents there, they're being told or strongly encouraged. Is the wording to leave a same thing on the eastern passage area? They are being asked to leave, but it is not a mandatory evacuation. Basically, most residents that have lived here their lives. They are just well they're, Hardy and they're, just kind of waiting and seeing how bad this will be. The benchmark storm is hurricane, one that was back in 2003, caused hundreds of million dollars of damage also several fatalities. So this is not, hopefully gonna, be a repeat, but it's a much larger system. That's not just going to hit Halifax, but all of Atlantic, Canada, Newfoundland and big flooding expected in New Brunswick as well. So conditions are quickly: gonna, go downhill as the day progresses, and there are definitely people that are heeding the warnings and yesterday was a busy day places like Costco and all the the big box stores sold out of bread and water and propane tanks, because maritime residents are expecting to be without power not for hours but likely days after this system moves through later tonight. Okay, certainly we're gonna keep an eye on that situation. Anthony. Thank you.