Hurricane durian is moving ever closer to land and it is gaining steam. The store storm is now considered a category 5 and expected to slam the Bahamas today before moving on to the United States Jackson Prosecco is live from Daytona Beach Florida this morning and Jackson it. It really seems like this can still go any number of ways for people on that coast. Ya really can can't first of all spare a thought for the folks in the Bahamas, because they're going to be dealing with those category 5 conditions for 16 to 18 hours, as this thing essentially stalls overtop of them all. The models suggest that, after the Bahamas, it's going to take a sharp hook to the north and essentially skirts the coast of Florida. But it's going to be a very close shave, we're talking a distance of kilometers, making a difference between seeing hurricane-force winds and rain on land or not at all. So, people up and down the coast still getting ready here in Daytona Beach. You can see all the businesses along the boardwalk finish their final preparations yesterday, boarding up and packing up and moving on out here on the beach side, a few folks are still left behind, enjoying the the bigger surf and waves this morning as the tide comes in, but most tourists have packed up and left they're moving on. You know the bottom line here: Kansas people are not taking any chances. They're writing this out as long as they can, because that forecast track starts to firm up they're, getting ready to move out. Vacua ssin orders for people like people are being told to leave, or for the most part, people obeying those in what about the airport. We talked yesterday about Orlando's Airport closing. Is that still the case? Yes, I think this gives you a sense of just how much things are in flux. Here some of those evacuation orders have actually been rescinded. They were supposed to come into effect this morning. Others are going into effect this morning, but they're very limited there. Just for outlying islands like the one that we're on this one by the way, not under evacuation order. Yes, but really they're targeted to people who might live in mobile homes, for example, and Orlando's Airport closing. Well, that's now being delayed by a full day to Monday night. It was supposed to happen tonight. The airport here in Daytona Beach is supposed to shut down, though at the end of the day today after the last flight and so far, no plans to change that again. Everyone just watching this very closely as they try and figure out what exactly to do and for the people who are leaving. Do you have any sense where they're going at this point or is it just scatter as far away from the coast as they can yeah it's a mix? There are emergency shelters that have opened up and some of them are fairly close to the coast, but their structures that people know can sustain a hurricane. So if you live in a mobile home, obviously you're gonna get to a well-built, concrete structure that just makes common sense in other places, though, further up the coast into the Carolinas and Georgia, where there's some speculation, the model suggests this could still head. People have simply started reserving hotels, a few hours inland hoping to drive away stay there in a nice, well-built, concrete structure and then return once the storm has passed. Okay, certainly still in flux, thanks Jackson, that's Jackson prosecco, who is reporting live from Florida for us this morning.