Serah, it has been a crazy day so far with this front end of hurricane durian, now a category 2 hurricane, and that is because of some winds that were found on the backside a little bit earlier this afternoon, 160 kilometres per hour winds. Officially, we have had gusts in 140 150 range within the Halifax area, and that has caused obviously some trees to come down. Power outages are widespread as you'll talk more about, but this radar says it all all of that green and yellow and red that's out there. Well, that is all the front half of the storm, the back half there's barely any rain. There is, however, quite a bit of wind. So as far as the flooding concern goes, river levels are going to continue to go up, even as the rain tapers off, but what we're seeing as far as storm surge is a different story, and earlier we were right down by the boardwalk here in Halifax the waves crashing up during high tide. In fact, they were crashing right through underneath the boardwalk and that caused some damage up and down. And of course, beach. Erosion is a big concern once you get out into the open, Atlantic and those shores, and we have now some of the boys that are reporting waves in the 8 to 12 meter range, and that is incredible stuff. The backside, that's what we have left to get through already. The winds are a lot lighter here, Sara than they were just a couple of hours ago. So, what's left of the eye? Well, that's! What's moving through Halifax, now that's going to allow some emergency crews to get out there, but don't do too much outside, because I am telling you that we're gonna see some hundred plus kilometres per hour gusts on the back side. This time, though, the wind coming in from the west and northwest and that's gonna bring more trees down, and unfortunately it's gonna be a long night, so still a lot to get through. But the glimmer of hope is that right now we're seeing Dory and a post tropical hurricane. If that makes any sense, it's basically losing its tropical characteristics, but we are going to see as it comes to shore finally conditions improving later tonight.