Storm surge and the damage that comes with it is a huge concern with this storm, and that includes areas of the Eastern Shore, which are expected to be among the hardest hit by the wind and the waves our Alexa McLean joins us now live from Dartmouth. She spent the day on the Eastern Shore Alexa. What is the latest whoo-hoo sera will hello to everyone from the safety of the Woodside ferry terminal, shelter, Thank, You, Halifax Transit, for giving us a bit of a break. Our journey Andorian started on the Eastern Shore. As you mentioned, we headed towards stony Beach Lawrencetown Beach. Now these are areas that are known for great waves on moderately stormy days, but Dorian showed up with a vengeance and we're going to show you some of the footage we gathered here. We had a lot of storm surge early on about two hours ago. Things started picking up and boy. Oh boy, was it ever fierce. Now the waves kept rolling named one after another and, as you can imagine, Lawrence Town Beach Road. Well, it started to flood very rapidly and we have since learned that the road has been closed, and that is a positive thing folks, because safety is the main concern once we wrapped up there, we hurt we headed back into the heart of the city, Dartmouth and, of course, you could see the significant impact of these high high winds, the trees they were gusting and some have fallen right onto the middle of the road and in the heart of Dartmouth, on Pleasant Street, there were crews out clearing up what was a massive tree trunk that fell down in the middle of the street, a hardy residential area and, of course, safety. There is a huge concern, so these crews were doing what they could to clear out the trees in between the gust of wind, making more of a risk with further trees, falling down the power lines, as you can see now, of course, the eye of the storm was about 40 minutes ago. It was eerie, it was beautiful and Sarah. Let me tell you if I was out of this shelter, you and it be seeing me because the wind is picking back up folks and it is fierce, please stay inside, please stay safe hope. Those chips will keep you cozy.