Atlantic Canada is just the latest: stop on Durin's destructive path: first pummeling, the Bahamas as the strongest storm to hit the island nation before soaking. The Carolinas floodwaters are beginning to recede in North Carolina's, Outer Banks, where the eye of Dorian briefly came ashore Friday as a category 1 storm, but hundreds of people who wrote out the storm remain without power, and emergency officials are using boats to ferry supplies to the islands after rows, that link to the mainland were damaged by Dorian in the Bahamas. The death toll from hurricane Dorian has dumped to at least 43 people, but officials are certain that number is going to rise dramatically. It's believed the storm has left more than 70,000 people homeless. Today, hundreds of people lined up to evacuate the hardest hit. Abaco are Mike Turley toward the devastation on Great Abaco island. Today, Mike Robin. This is, or rather was the picturesque town of Marsh Harbor on Abaco island. Seeing it from the air is one thing, but when you're on the ground, it's something else 15 to 20-foot swells came through here and wiped out everything. There is nowhere for people to live. Nowhere for people to work no way to make any money, as you can see, the infrastructure is gone. People are scavenging for anything. They can hope here is gone. The lineup to evacuate, Great Abaco was long but orderly. The make no mistake. These people were desperate to leave four days they baked in the heat with no food and only makeshift shelters. Part of what's kept them going is a shared anger towards a government. They say has abandoned them. 19 of us trying to get out of here. How are we supposed to sustain myself in a situation like there's? No banks, nothing. We don't know where the next dollars coming from many Bohemians have ties to Canada. The t-shirt gave the bostwick's away, whose son Barry lives in Thompson Manitoba. It was four days after Dorian before they were able to let him know they'd survived. It wasn't me and my other two sisters who owned the vehicle and we got stuck in the stall for three and a half hours and I thought I was not gonna, see him anymore. Very few Bohemians are in the towns that Dodd Great Abaco. This is why they left, and this and this destruction everywhere. Nothing is where it's supposed to be. These million-dollar boats were moored at this inlet as protection against the storm Dorian flung them around like toys and in Marsh Harbor. The only real way to describe it is the town was annihilated. The few people who stayed are sifting through the rubble, looking for anything to help them stay alive. Many of the Haitians who live here took refuge in the strongest building in town, but are now being told they have to leave whether or not they leave the island is up to them. The important thing is that choices always rest with people. They rest with people today they rest with people next week and a decision that's made, doesn't change what they want. The decision to be in the future mud town was one of the three primarily Haitian shanty towns on the island, a four and a half meters, storm surge, wiped it out completely complicating matters. Many of the Haitians here don't have legal paperwork so in many ways, they're in limbo, no house to live no show, even though you are morning, you don't have no shop to buy, which were you gonna, buy stuff, the hyenas right, there's a lot of anger focused on the government and how slow it's been. Acting. That's common in disaster zones. We can say that aid is trickling and we've seen the helicopters flying over. But it's a slow process. What's going to be extremely difficult, is figuring out the futures of everyone who lives here. Can they stay? Should they go? That's going to be an extremely long process.