All right so again, thank you all for coming. My name is Tina Tebow and I'm, the director of Media Relations for the province of Nova Scotia joining us. Today we have Paul Masson, executive director, emergency management, office, Bob, Robichaux meteorologist, the Canadian Hurricane Center peter andrews, deputy chief of operations, Halifax Regional Fire and Emergency ansel, LAN, Joe senior management, senior manager of emergency management programs, Atlantic region, Canadian, Red, Cross inspector Jim, Butler Operations, Support, Officer, Halifax, Regional, Police, Staff, Sergeant bill Casey watch, commander RCMP as well as Karen Hunt, who is by it. He was joining us by a conference call from the Nova Scotia power emergency center and Karen is the CEO of Nova Scotia power. So, thank you all for joining us. We will start with Paul Masson, we'll go to all the folks in the room. Again, everyone will prepare. There will provide their update and then we will take questions after the last speaker Paul. Thank you just really bye. We have a quick update on the weather system. That's been impacting the province all day. We continue to coordinate the provinces response from our provincial coordination center located in this facility. We've been activated since 7:00 a.m. this morning. The weather system has been impacting us since really the early morning hours and will continue to do so over the next several hours, at least until well, into the early morning, hours of Sunday. We we expect just like to emphasize the fact that this weather system is ongoing and that there would really encourage everybody to exercise caution with regard to staying away from hot water areas such as the coast or some very large surf. Obviously, strong winds, trees are down, trees are still coming down. There's a lot of live wires on heavy around, so just really want to emphasize those public safety messages of staying home. Staying off the roads, there's still a little more to go before this event is, is over and done with, and also just like to emphasize the provincial skull of the impacts of this event. You know we've seen very severe weather and surf conditions for Yarmuth to de Sydney and really in all areas of the problems we're working closely with all of our partners: municipally provincial II, our federal partners, and also our critical infrastructure partners. Our provincial crews have been out on the roads who various departments we work with. Department of Transportation, particularly of note, has been working to remove down trees. They have crews working in all parts of the province on that in order to keep the roads open order to mitigate the impacts of this event. So we'll continue to do that. As this, this weather system moves over the province and just like to highlight once again that there's still a lot more to go before this is.this is completed. Okay, just gonna provide a brief update on the storm itself. The center of this storm is actually approaching the eastern part of the Halifax area, or maybe just a little bit further up the Eastern Shore for people in Halifax. You might notice that the wind's have subsided somewhat over the last hour, so that was expected with the center of the storm approaching. However, there are some very, very strong winds, just - on the backside of the system as well. The storm itself was excuse me declared a post tropical storm, which says nothing about the intensity of the storm. All that means is that the storm has changed structure, we're still talking about a very dangerous storm. That's transiting through the Maritimes this evening we're seeing winds in the in the range of hurricane force exceeding hurricane force from the northwesterly direction on the backside of the storm, so the storm is definitely not over. We expect the storm to actually track through the province of Nova Scotia in the overnight hours, so we still have a number of hours to go through yet with some very, very severe conditions good evening, our folks. At this point we are still anticipating and expecting significant winds and storm surges in coastal areas. At this point, we have not closed the streets to the public, but we are considering to do so because our on lookers, going down to the coastline areas and observing the general state of what's going on out, there is impacting our emergency operations and our ability of our emergency responders to to move throughout different city. So, at this point, I'd ask our citizens to return home hunker down, as this storm continues to trail through HRM and we'll continue with future updates, as it is clear for folks to gold in the public areas. Thank you very much. Canadian Red Cross volunteers have been responding since this morning to operate three different shelters in Halifax at the Canada Game Center, the st. Margaret Center and the Dartmouth East community center. We have shelter occupants at all three locations. People can still evacuate to those shelters if they need to and and pets are welcome. We do have the capacity to to shelter. Animals. Volunteers in other parts of the province are still on standby, to support any shelter operations or other requests for support, as the storm continues to pass through the province good evening. Everyone I want to assure residents that police, fire and emergency management are working closely with our partners, both police, provincial municipal and federal, our Emergency Operations Center is fully staffed and working at capacity and doing very well. Today, we've evacuated approximate 150 residents to shelters as a result of some issues downtown with buildings. My message is also with one of safety. If you encounter a barricade on a road, please don't drive around that barricade. If you encounter flashing lights or the lights are down, please treat them as a four-way stop, and also, if you're outside, please go inside, take shelter. The storm is not over it's a dangerous situation and we want to ensure everyone's safe. Thank you good evening. The RCMP has been responding to numerous calls of road hazards, trees down power lines throughout the throughout the day and will continue to do so as the storm tracks north to Cape, Breton and throughout the province. The calls have been high. We have extra resources on that have been able to manage the calls call volumes. Although the call Youm volumes have been high, it's been a sexual exceptional circumstances and we haven't, we have encountered and we haven't encountered anything that we are prepared for we've been preparing for the last week and ensuring appropriate contingencies are in place. This allows us to meet the calls for service and respond as arise. I want to reiterate what everybody else has been saying. Our primary concern is the safety of the public and the our employees, and that's we want to make sure that people stay away from downed power lines, the shore lines and stay off the roads. Thank you now we'll go to Karen Hutt and, as mentioned earlier, Karen, the CEO for a novice kosher power is joining us via teleconference from the Nova Scotia power emergency center. Karen. Give me one second Karen: are you there I am? Can you hear me go ahead? Thank you very much good evening. Everyone I will follow up on some of the statements that others have made earlier. That certainly, as Dorian makes its way across Nova Scotia. It is causing significant tax to the electrical system. At the moment, we have well over 300,000 customers without power when the hurricane durian began to gust at any kilometers an hour and higher earlier today, Nova Scotia power issue to take stand down all of our crews. A stand down means that crews will be off the roads, except emergency situations, stand down be lifted by reason, as this permit, which is not yet occurred. Given the stand down outage causes have not yet feel validated, however, we're seeing a number of photos and videos, bye-bye customers showing the impact as a result of down trees, Frances we're certainly seeing as in hell effect and suppress the mainland, and we know, as you've heard earlier, it's not yet hey Brett, so there's more to come, given the extent of the damage seen so far, we are in the process as speak, of securing additional crews from utilities and contracts that will add to the approximately a thousand personnel we already have in place. That includes power line, Texans force, P, Cruise, Planners, samasource, esters, engineers, supervisors and customer care representatives. All that we have more than 600 our line Texans, who are ready to respond as soon as it's safe to do so and, as I said across the burning in additional crews, will increase that again within the next 24 or so hours by another 400. This will be by far the alert, restoration effort that this company has ever mounted it's in response to a weather event, our customers and call our call center or if there is to reach our website and fix for that they report any damage to their homes and I will say again that once it's safe for us to get out there and their work they're experts at what do they know the job at and and they will do it extremely well- and we will not stop for the last customer is restored. Thank you. Thank you, Karen. So we'll now take some questions from the media. Logistically I'd ask you to ask your questions in the room first and we'll save any questions for Karen at the last just so that we can go back to Karen on the phone I'll. Take that question now so fork. We've been very fortunate to date, we've had numerous instances. We had a Down crane, numerous trees down power lines down and we're very fortunate at this point to say that we have had no significant injuries or fatalities as a result of this storm. Absolutely so, at this point with the Nova Scotia power being off the road, as well as our transportation, Public Works personnel, we have numerous downed powerlines of trees and obstacles within the roadways that do pose a hazard to our citizens as they drive along the roadways, also with all those downed trees. It poses more challenge to our emergency responders to navigate around obstacles well dealing with the traffic that is out there by the public. So at this point we are strongly urging the public to return home. Please stay off the roads. The trailing end of the storm poses higher risk hazards than the leading edge. So our concern is that citizens on the roadway could be impacted by downed trees or power lines, as the storm rolls through at this point. There are some streets that have been closed due to specific localised hazards, but we are considering in the next few hours whether a overall closure of the roadways is appropriate so that we can maintain our emergency response and ensure our public safety. We absolutely will put that out through through public service announcement. I was just on the phone with the CEO and city solicitor and we're bringing getting closer to making that decision. So at the st. Margaret Centre, there were seven people at Dartmouth East. There were 17 and at the Canada Game Centre, which has been receiving people that are being evacuated. For other reasons, there was 120 at the last last count. All three of these places are generator power, their community centres and they're very large and we've recently redeployed, some more cots and blankets, and things like that to the Canada Game Center to to house them so and then moving into tomorrow and beyond. If the shelters stay open, we can bring resources in from anywhere in Nova, Scotia or across the country, for that matter. Certainly, I'll address that. At this point, the hall facts- water system has not been impacted by this boil order, but as a result of all the surface water attributed to this rain, there is concern that those that are on wells might be impacted by contaminated water due to the due to the rain and permeating into the water supply. At this point, we do have locations where we have staged water and emergency water for the citizens as well. In the short term, residents are encouraged to exercise boiling that water before consuming it as a precaution. Well, one of the main things is this: this is a post tropical storm which means that, basically, the structure, the storm is different. One made landfall as a as a category two hurricane, so it was still technically a tropical cyclone when it when it made landfall. This is a post tropical storm, but again, like I said earlier, it doesn't mean that it's it's a weaker storm, not at all. It just means that the the structure the storm is different. So in terms of comparing the two storms, this storm is actually much much larger than one was in 2003. The the peak winds may not be quite as strong, but it's certainly covering a larger area for sure III think so, based on the the wind field that I'm seeing with this particular storm. So, for example, in Juan there was very little damage up. You only had to go as far as kind of Windsor Nova Scotia and you wouldn't get a whole lot of damage, we're still seeing power, outages that extend up into New Brunswick and Prince Edward Island as well. So then this is a much farther reaching storm than then one was, even though the intensity is not quite as high I think it's pretty much dead on what we've been talking about over the last few days, we were talking about widespread power, outages we've been talking about down trees, uprooted trees, potential for coastal flooding and we've seen all of the above. So far. One thing I can't address is that the winds will will will still be gusty a little bit into the overnight hours and into tomorrow morning as well, so that may impact what Karen was mentioning earlier about the the restoration process and getting the crews out there, because we're still going to be looking at gusty winds into the morning hours of tomorrow. What I was going to add is that at this point we are continuing to urge our citizens to remain at home as the storm passes through the next phase of this will be to assess the the damage to the city and to implement specific plans to mitigate that, starting with kind of opening up our major roadways. So we can sure Public Safety that folks can get to and from safely to hospitals and for emergency responders to be able to respond. Certainly, once we've done that assessment of all the damage, we will begin to execute plans to to mitigate those situations. Yeah, absolutely so. Certainly the it is principally the wind conditions that pose the greatest risk to the bridges. Initially, the bridges were closed to high sided vehicles which are catch the wind. If you will and then later on, when the wind it tends to find intensified, the the bridges were closed. Certainly once the wind speeds are reduced to a safe limit, Halifax Harbour bridges will advise us and reopen those bridges. So at this point, I can answer a specific timeline, but we will certainly communicate to the public immediately when that's known. Certainly, we have no reports of water interruption from Halifax water. Certainly those that are on wells outside of HRM and not on domestic water, with the loss of power would have lost the pump capacity for the water if it's not gravity fed. So there are those that do not have water within their homes, in which case we have put out emergency water supplies at two of our fire department stations for folks to access that water. I. Don't have that information in front of me I believe it's station 65 in tent town and station 23 in Muscoda vut, and there are volunteer firefighters at those locations with water to hand out to residents all right. So we will now go to Karen Hutt CEO Nova Scotia power Karen. They do have a few questions for you, so I'm going to drop the mic here. Give me one second Karen I can repeat the questions for you too. If you can't hear them hang on alright Karen. Can you hear us yeah, and you hear me Tori so Karen? The question was that you mentioned earlier. This is the largest weather event that the Nova Scotia Power has dealt with before it. Can you elaborate on that? Is the question sure I wouldn't clarify what I said is this is this will be the largest response to a weather event that that we have that we have ever assembled? So we are there in a position now, as they say that we've got well over as frankly, a thousand personnel who are on deck to support this within that there are 600 power line technicians at this moment earlier today, when one we began to you know, I should say: was we continued to assess the the impact of the storm we had always in our various areas, had contemplated a worst-case and, and certainly no question that that's where we find ourselves, and so the things that we contemplated within that worst-case scenario are the things that we're doing at this moment, and that is securing additional crews, making sure that we have logistics in place to be able to support them and, as you've heard from others earlier, one of the major major components of this restoration will be around getting access to the facilities. Do the repairs so we're working as you would expect very, very closely with PMO and others who to use those resources to get roads cleared and get our infrastructure freed up so the moment our crews get in there. They be effective and and get the respiration as quickly as possible. So Karen again, that is what is the strategy once the its lifted, that crews can go back out the shredder, so the strategy will be that will immediately begin our damage assessing. So as long as as long as the winds have calmed, we will have helicopters that we will use to go over all. Initially. All of our transmission lines will do that. Province-Wide will then begin to assess distribution lines as well. We'll have such Assessors Pro communities on you know going and driving around and reporting that back in the meantime, we'll be following the protocol that always follow in any major restoration, and that is, we will be looking to restore our critical care customers first. So certainly if there are hospitals, health care facilities, seniors facility, any customers that we know are critical care customers. You will move to those first and then we'll move to the largest field, restorations that we can complete at once and so we'll go through feeders that we have access to. That will allow us to get most customers on at first at the beginning and then we'll continue to make our way through, but what I can tell you, with the amount of crews that we have in place and that we're bringing every single community across entire province is going to have trust in those communities and they're going to have folks working on restoration, so caring? The question is: what kind of timeline are we looking at? Realistically? The hope is that that you know if the winds do come overnight, there's a small chance that we might be able to do a little bit of this work. Folks see we're pretty. You know we're pretty cautious about that, as you would expect so. I wouldn't hold a lot of stock in that it's really the early hours of tomorrow morning that we are planning to really begin. So you know sometime around 6:00 a.m. tomorrow morning, assuming that conditions are are okay for us to do that we will get at earnest. Erin are we talking? Are we talking days in terms of oh? You know there's no question of for sitting here at this moment with you know: 350 thousand customers Odense if the storm hasn't moved through all of the problems. This is a significant, significant restoration effort, but what I can tell you again is that this this effort is very different from historical efforts with the crews that we already had in place ready to go and the additional crews that we will dip that, and so, as we get our feet on the ground and understand what we're dealing with we'll be communicating what we think the situation looks like the customers and from a comparison perspective Karen. How does this compare to hurricane Juan from NOAA social powers, perspectives or well? It was certainly from from a customer impacted point of view. There parallels, but our response expert really extremely different, and so you know the things that we've already done over the course of this week in bringing our crews in and staging them and having them ready to go and, and frankly, the existed photo. Quantum of for us to have at this point well, north of a thousand people on the ground ready to go, is vastly different than than what we were looking at they're due to pass them. Certainly, I'll just reiterate a few things at this point. We're urging citizens to please stay off the roads to please return home and hunker down as the storm proceeds through use extra caution in coastal areas. We're still expecting storm surge as the high tide approaches use extreme caution on our roadways. Do the power outages. There are no streetlights in several areas, as well as numerous downed trees and power lines, and we also ask you to check in with your loved ones, to ensure that other members and seniors are checked in with and taken care of as this storm progresses through. Thank you, I just like to echo those comments on the provincial basis, I mean everything that you just said, but really just as I kind of noted. At the outset of this thing, this is a province-wide event. It's still got a lot more road to run. You know, is it certainly the eye of the storm and the central point of impact is moving through Halifax, but it is province wide. So, wherever you're out in this province, you know stay off the roads, stay home and stay safe. We just want to drive that point home. The center of the storm does appear to be moving through Halifax, but, as bob was saying for Environment Canada earlier, this is a very large storm with very powerful winds. So, even though the center of the storm may be centrally located here, the impacts our province. Why in fact they're more than Nova Scotia they're, moving up through New, Brunswick and and Prince or Island as well, so just want to emphasize that for everybody to be vigilant, listeners, public service messages and stay home. Thank you.