So we were going to take a helicopter to Emerald Isle in North Carolina, which was hit very very hard. Atlantic Beach was hit very hard. Certain areas were really hit. The governor is with me Roy. Thank you very much for being here. The governor was standing in the rain for a long time, along with a lot of talented people that have really helped us a lot. Lindsay I'm glad you here with us and we appreciate it very much and kevin is here summon behind hello Kevin. Thank you. Thank you. For being here we have a big rally tonight for Dan. Bishop I was going to go from Emerald Isle right back into the rally, but now we'll be very early for our rally. That's the one thing, but it was I guess where there's a very dangerous flying conditions. I said: let's do it anyway. They said sir, would rather not so I said: okay, I'll take your word for it, the greatest pilots of the world. We will be spending a little time, we're going to be giving a presentation as to what's happening in North Carolina and a little bit about a couple of the other places. I just spoke to governor Henry, McMaster and they're in great shape in South, Carolina and they've done a really good job boy. Maybe I could ask you the same few words, and what do you need from the federal government? First? Mr. president, thank you for coming enjoyed our working relationship. Probably too much Feynman was glad to have mr. Gaynor here with us, and, of course, we've had to see the team invented with us in our Emergency Operations Center in Raleigh. This is the third hurricane that has crossed coast of North Carolina in less than three years. This is something that we take very seriously. The widespread damage. Durian did not approach the damage that we had from Florence and Matthew, but it was still significant in some parts, we've had three deaths related to this fell off ladders, while they were trying to get their house floor to the store and the other death happened. Postal work with a chainsaw accident with cleanup, we still have about 3500 people without power, but we had a couple of hundred thousand at one point: disintegration: one of the hard-hit areas. It's a Ocracoke Island, which they said it's the worst that they had ever seen. I thought you had a house built in the 1870s and they have never seen that that powers still out there we're providing food resources working with all of our federal local partners. We provide health care, the place that you were going to go in a while, as the storm approached that had an ef-2 tornado, an RV park, the damage was significant, many homes. Absolutely we had issued an evacuation order and therefore most of the people were gone. The few people who were there survived in a lucky that they are alive. Did they I'm sure they appreciated the fact that you had planned to go and see and I know we have local government officials here who were ready. A nuclear power plant and Brunswick would have it be powered down form in today. It's the powers back up, but we think everything's. Okay, with that, we still have about 20 road closures. We don't have anything approaching, but the last news in two storms, but we still have some there. We've got 125 National Guard activated down down from 577. What we would request, mr. president, is an expedited disaster declaration, debris removal and for emergency protective measures, and we got a joint limitary damage assessments going on right now, stay FEMA, local, try and determine determine the extent of damage. The other thing I'd like to mention is that hurricane Florence in this state badly you were or that, but in less than a year ago we have a number of people who or not in their homes yet that were affected by durian. So any help that you can give us with bud publishing the federal. What? If your sir for the CPP our money for the hurricane Florence, we would appreciate we've had a good relationship with secretary Carson, but there's a couple of things that would be helpful. I think long term puts the EBG. They are money which the universal application for all disaster survivors that worked with FEMA was work with SBA that with that I think that we things down and they get a lot easier, looking and also maybe codify for that I have with me my Secretary of Public Safety Veracruz rifle for his work at our local business. We've done a great job. Yes, sir. Mr. president, for my aspect, I like the emphasizing partnerships that we have all throughout the Department of Homeland Security Coast Guard people they're, always at the table and they're at the table. When things are relatively peaceful solo tragedy, you know all has it's us we're ready and we're partners, relationships and small Thank You. Mr. president, I gonna have one more thing to add for all of us here, as we were in communication throughout the storm, but the Coast Guard did amazing work, but during Lawrence enduring norian they helped us rescue a man from the copilot and help bring him off and one closely without a scar. We're grateful for our Coast Guard I've, always said for the last 34 years. There's no brand that has gone out more than the United States husband in Texas. They save thousands and thousands of lives, they've done a job like I've, never seen and you went to Florida. Then you went to Puerto Rico. Then you went back here and the job you've done in the Bahamas has been incredible. So please extend my wishes. Everybody would you like to say no, mr. president and governor to purchase the Coast Guard was justified to be part of the team. We have a great relationship with the state with our federal partners, local partners and that we were happy to be part of the team. As you know, as this storm came up, we uploaded resources that had ready to respond and then the focus was the wideness wants when it needed and then opening the ports as quickly as possible. We did that and I think it went about as well as could be expected. So you've done a fantastic job. How are the new Coast Guard cutters? They're doing great sir? We had to pull them out of the region, but we floated back in and they were, of course, to get offshore to play mates. They are absolutely adamant. We go getting very old now you have brand-new beauties, read this of the best American workers, Thank You. Mr. president, as you know, we're here in support of our state partners and government Cooper, his team commissioner hook outstandings Brown, the effort I'd, like administrator, actually administrator, pink Gator, give you a little bit a sense of the preparations we had in place, the additional response and, of course, majority to joint. Yes, sir, as soon as we realized that Dorian bypassed universe. Now, where we go and was not to touch me and again, I'll monitor in the NRCC, the National Response more instead of was a big big small bit response. He had staff material equipment Miami to Fort ap Hill continue making sure that we can fly all the governors whatever they again. It takes partnerships make it all happen when it works. Well, it's great in the city, so I thank everyone here. That is part of the federal team and I have to say: Ron, DeSantis and Brian. Kemp and Henry has been fantastic in South Carolina and yourself. The governors have really done a fantastic job. It worked whether it's Republican Democrat doesn't matter in this case. We're talking about one, that's on the other side and the relationship was perfect right, a really good relationship to get it all together. I want to say that FEMA first responders law enforcement. It's been incredible really on the ball and they were ready at Puerto Rico. Everybody thought is gonna headquarter, Rico we're all set, and fortunately a Miss Puerto Rico. What it did to the bomb is just incredible. The government of the Bahamas has asked us now, but we have a lot of assets over there right now, trying to help actually a life-saving mission, the Coast, Guard and FEMA, and all of you have done a fantastic job. Would you like for senators? Okay, Lindsey Graham, please well one. Thank you for calling Henry to my friends in North Carolina I used to be a reservist and Seymour Johnson. So now they all have been hit really hard and unfortunately, our delegations in South, Carolina and North Carolina, are getting pretty good returning the funds around and Kevin and Nancy worked well together. So we've got to fund the government entirely by the end of the month, but I promise you we'll do everything we can being your neighbor, I'm, really sorry, I know it's been really hard, so thank you. Mr. kotis you've done a great job. They can let you very much and later. What do you think I know what the Democrats we're getting things approved, graphically how's it going yeah I! Think it's working well, the one thing I do want to credit and thank all of you for how well everybody's work together. Coordination, knowing how this storm would change course. The modeling continue to go and just the preparation. I know you saved a lot of lives by the cranberries, our responsibility, Lindsay and others making sure the resources are there and there was a drop to FEMA ahead of time. There was enough money and there's more needed. Thank you very much. Coming in that role, thank you for keeping me in touch. He was with me all the way, no matter where I went the Adler's right there, we were able to do a lot of good by being there. So thank you would you have anything to say, listen with regard to the Bahamas, because much of the attention has shifted there. Now. Mr. president, USAID the agency for international development, their office of foreign disaster assistance is in the coordinating lead working directly with the government of the Bahamas respond to their request for the most acute humanitarian needs of the Bahamian people and, as you talked about it's a very concentrated area of the Bahamas that was affected, the rest of the Bahamas. Almost the sized, the stand up in California is unaffected, open for business and so Bohemians are helping Bohemians, evacuating people to other sections of the Bahamas that have not been affected, and not only the United States, but foreign governments and non-governmental organizations are also there in Flor is providing the humanitarian aid that's needed. So people are unaware of the fact for the most part that the Bahamas a much bigger place than people would understand that most people would understand so you're, actually moving large numbers of people into safer areas and areas that weren't affected in the Bahamas by the hurricane right. So the government of the Bahamas is actually doing that assisted by others moving people from the most affected islands generally, the Abaco island, which is toward Nassau, which is an area of the Bahamas that was relatively undamaged. It has the resources to help those folks out, they've really done a great job. Thank you very much. So we have now people standing in line trying to get into the arena, and I will tell you that they are soaking wet because Roy and everybody just walked into the plane and you bad weather out there. But we have a tremendous crowd and we're gonna be there in a little while we're going over a little bit earlier than anticipated, so I hope, you're gonna be able to join us and we'll have some fun good rally. Yes, the budget agreement that you have negotiate for the House and the Senate, no agreements perfect, but if we are not done the budget deal would go back into sequestration, you would not be having new ships the biggest winners with the DHS military as a whole. So times like this I appreciate what you did on the budget, because sequestration would devastate and I. Think it's really important to say: Mexico is fast at Canada's best at the u.s. MCA is vital for our country, the economics of our country, two countries that have gone through the process, fully we're waiting for an approval from the house. I think the Senate will approve it rapidly, so we hope they could get that moving. It's a great thing for us, the farmers, even the unions, are really liking. It a lot we're going to make certain little changes, but bobwhite ours is dealing with Nancy, Pelosi I, think they're getting along very well Steve minuchin said well, and hopefully they can get a vote on that very quickly. The USMC, a very important. Thank you. Thank you folks. Thank you harassing over munch.