You're watching global Maritimes, this is Global News at 6:00 good evening. Thank you for joining us for this special edition of Global Maritimes. We have coverage of the impacts of hurricane durian from the Halifax area, where the storm is making landfall to New Brunswick, but we are going to begin tonight with our chief meteorologist Anthony final, who is standing by live in Halifax, with details on what we can expect to see in the next several hours. Anthony sera, it has been a crazy day so far with this front end of Hurricane Dorian, now a category 2 hurricane, and that is because of some winds that were found on the backside a little bit earlier this afternoon, 160 kilometers per hour winds. Officially, we have had gusts in 140 150 range within the Halifax area, and that has caused obviously some trees to come down. Power outages are widespread as you'll talk more about, but this radar says it all all of that green and yellow and red that's out there. Well, that is all the front half of the storm, the back half there's barely any rain. There is, however, quite a bit of wind, so as far as the flooding concern goes, river levels are going to continue to go up, even as the rain tapers off, but what we're seeing as far as storm surge is a different story, and earlier we were right down by the boardwalk here in Halifax the waves crashing up during high tide. In fact, they were crashing right through underneath the boardwalk and that caused some damage up and down. And of course, beach. Erosion is a big concern once you get out into the open Atlantic in those shores, and we have now some of the boys that are reporting waves in the 8 to 12 meter range, and that is incredible stuff. The backside, that's what we have left to get through already. The winds are a lot lighter here sera than they were just a couple of hours ago. So, what's left of the eye? Well, that's! What's moving through Halifax, now that's going to allow some emergency crews to get out there, but don't do too much outside, because I am telling you that we're gonna see some hundred plus kilometer per hour gusts on the back. This time, though, the wind coming in from the west and northwest and that's gonna bring more trees down, and unfortunately it's gonna be a long night, so still a lot to get through. But the glimmer of hope is that right now we're seeing dory in a post-tropical hurricane. If that makes any sense, it's basically losing its tropical characteristics, but we are going to see as it comes to shore finally conditions improving later tonight. Sarah all right! Thank you. So much for this anthony, anthony Farnell will be back with us later in the show, with more and meteorologist ross hall will have your full forecast coming up in a few minutes. Well, as this storm continues to intensify, the federal government is already pledging health with the recovery Minister of Public Safety and emergency preparedness, Ralph Goodale says Nova Scotia has asked for help and the military is being mobilized to deploy to the province, but as Jesse Thomas tells us it's likely. The cleanup won't begin in earnest until tomorrow, heavy wind gusts and torrential rain hammered halifax early Saturday afternoon as the storm intensified, uprooted and broken trees, littered streets across the peninsula, damaging parked cars and blocking streets. Another reason to stay indoors, loose items from construction sites, police closed this street after four by six sheets of plywood were sent sailing down. The street emergency management officials say those airborne items, pose a great danger to the public and we're asking contractors to clean up any loose materials. We've been getting complaints today and notifications about lumber material left unattended, construction sites, unsecured. So those are a big concern. Right now, we've been working with our policing partners all morning trying to identify companies and reaching out to them late in the afternoon. A construction crane collapse onto an unfinished building downtown a clear example of the danger, with this kind of wind, heavy wind gust, even tore a large chunk of roof off a 50 unit apartment building. Halifax fire was on scene to help evacuate the tenants, while city transit were taking those stranded to an evacuation center being run by the Red Cross volunteers across Nova, Scotia and the rest of Atlantic Canada are on standby to respond and we will support communities that are impacted by this disaster by mid-afternoon. High tide saw strong storm surges, pounding the Halifax, Harbour and rocking ships at the dock. The damage is building up even before the hurricane makes landfall Sara. The winds continue to get stronger and stronger and the damage reports. They continue to climb Halifax fire they're everywhere, responding to calls of downed power lines and trees that have been broken or uprooted that are blocking streets. Now, as it continues to get darker, we likely won't get an idea, the full extent of the damage until the Sun comes up tomorrow morning, yeah and Jessie. You you mentioned in that package. The situation downtown, as you were, seeing debris flying off of Fenwick towers, just talk to me about how dangerous that situation be Sara. That's that's been a big concern, especially well. We got a major gust coming through right now, but flying debris was one of the major concerns and we saw roof, get torn off a building on Tobin Street and probably landed 70 yards down on Queen Street. Now they did have to evacuate 50 people. As you mentioned, that item they are heading to one of those emergency evacuation centers for the night, Red Cross has set up different locations across the city, but winds are getting strong here. We've got flying debris even coming down. Gajin Street here out front of the global news. Studios absolutely be safe out there Jessie. Thank you so much that is Jesse Thomas live tonight in Halifax and he'll be continuing our coverage tomorrow as well as expected. Today's high winds have caused issues with the power grid since early in the day, Nova Scotia power has said it has crews on standby. But of course, those crews will not be fixing lines until it is safe for them to be out there. As of the latest update, there are more than 300 11,000 customers without power across Nova Scotia. The largest outages are in the Halifax area, where more than 150 thousand are in the dark. The utility is listing restoration times into Monday evening in New. Brunswick power outages have been reported since early in the afternoon, particularly in the southeastern part of the province. Right now, there are more than 14,000 customers without power, most in communities along the Bay of Fundy and the utility is saying it cannot provide restoration times until crews can get out to safely assess the damage. As Jesse was mentioning. There are three evacuation centers open for those in need of shelter in the Halifax area. Those are at the Miss East Community Center, the Canada Game Center, and the st. Margaret Center. The shelters are being run by the Canadian Red Cross and are offering overnight accommodations if needed, storm surge and the damage that comes with. It is a huge concern with this storm, and that includes areas of the Eastern Shore, which are expected to be among the hardest hit by the wind and the waves our Alexa MacLean joins us now live from Dartmouth. She spent the day on the Eastern Shore Alexa. What is the latest? Whoo-Hoo Sarah will hello to everyone from the safety of the Woodside ferry terminal, shelter, Thank, You, Halifax Transit, for giving us a bit of a break. Our journey Andorian started on the Eastern Shore. As you mentioned, we headed towards stony Beach Lawrencetown Beach. Now these are areas that are known for great waves on moderately stormy days, but Dorian showed up with a vengeance and we're going to show you some of the footage we gathered here. We had a lot of storm surge early on about two hours ago. Things started picking up and boy. Oh boy, was it ever fierce now the waves kept rolling in one after another and, as you can imagine, Lawrence Town Beach Road. Well, it started to flood very rapidly and we have since learned that the road has been closed, and that is a positive thing. Folks, because safety is the main concern once we wrapped up there, we hurt we headed back into the heart of the city Dartmouth and, of course, you could see the significant impact of these high high winds, the trees they were gusting and some have fallen right onto the middle of the road and in the heart of Dartmouth, on Pleasant Street, there were crews out clearing up what was a massive tree trunk that fell down in the middle of the street, a hardy residential area and, of course, safety. There is a huge concern, so these crews were doing what they could to clear out the trees in between the gust of wind, making more of a risk with further trees, falling down the power lines, as you can see now, of course, the eye of the storm was about 40 minutes ago. It was eerie, it was beautiful and Sarah. Let me tell you if I was out of this shelter, you and it be seeing me the wind is picking back up folks and it is fierce. Please stay inside, please stay safe, hope. Those chips will keep you cozy back to you thanks. So much Alexa you stay safe as well, that is our Alexa McClain reporting live tonight from Dartmouth well, New Brunswick is also taking a hit from Dorian, especially in the southeastern part of the province. As we mentioned just moments ago, heavy rain and high winds have been intensifying there throughout the day as Andrew Cromwell reports, some were still battening down the hatches, while others were out to marvel at mother. Nature Jill as year tries to protect his property from the wind and rain of Dorian, and he has his work cut out for him with conditions worsening. As the day progressed, more people came out to check on their boats in sheti act. I just came to check on the boats, see I make sure everything is okay. Others, like Nadine gallant, were dropping by just to check things out a couple of hours away in st. John, more rain and wind, but no major problems reported during the day. Still some people weren't taking any chances and closing up possible trouble spots yeah. When you hear hurricane yeah, you immediately think of strong winds and especially when there's a lot of trees around us. You never know exactly what's gonna happen. Kevin Clifford is st. John's, Fire, Chief and heads of the city's emergency measures organization. He says people need to remain vigilant. Well if they can stay home stay home. You know even even driving in today to be part of this operation. I was thinking about things that could fall on me because of the high wind. Clifford also encourages people to think of others. Who may need your help when a storm strikes. You got neighbors that aren't, as you know, as as young as you may be, and then folks, who may be you know they may have things around their homes that that aren't secure, now keep an eye on your neighbors and if you can help and keep yourself safe at the same time, be prepared to do so good advice as you stare down a storm that is all taking lives and left widespread damage in its path. Andrew Cromwell, global news, st. John before durian hit our region as a strong category. One hurricane it lead of beating on the Bahamas, particularly the eastern part, of Grand Bahama. Today, the area is bearing the scars of this ferocious system and what made it worse, durian parked itself over the island for almost 40 hours, with winds in excess of 240 kilometers per hour, as you can see, there's not much left standing in the little seaside enclave of High Rocks. Reportedly only a church and a nearby oil storage facility withstood this storm. However, there are multiple reports indicating the storage terminal was damaged and is leaking oil. Of course that is raising environmental concerns, but for the most part, people, the four people, the only the course of action- is to sift through the rubble searching for any salvageable items. Meanwhile, the Canadian government says it's providing emergency military support to areas in the Bahamas Global Affairs Canada says a Canadian Armed Forces, Hercules, hair craft has been sent to provide air lifts. Ottawa previously sent a disaster assistance, team and $500,000 to the region. The death toll in the Bahamas is now above 40 and is expected to climb more than 70 thousand people have been left homeless. It is time now for a look at your full forecast and for that we're going to go to meteorologist Ross hull Ross you and I drew the indoor assignments for it today certainly been a dangerous day. We've seen incredible pictures from right across the region all day today, and this is quite the potent storm and we'll hear more I believe from Anthony coming up. Let's talk first about, of course, the here and now the warnings continue. Hurricane warnings in red for the Atlantic coast of Nova Scotia, stretching east indicate Breton. We've got tropical storm warnings as well farther north into the province and across Prince, Edward Island and, of course, that storm surge of concern on the Atlantic coast, the Gulf of st. Lawrence -, and not to mention the heavy rainfall we have seen some heavy bands of rain move through I'll show you what to expect coming up. Let's take a look at that radar, satellite Anthony mentioning what was left of the eye now, starting to move north and east the center of the storm. If you will, it's now become extra post-tropical. It's a hurricane forest post, tropical storm. Still a potent storm, but the center of that storm about 80 kilometers southwest of Halifax, moving towards the Northeast at about 40 km/h. This is an enhanced satellite image. Yes, the center of the storm moving towards Halifax, but look at how widespread this storm has become, so it has expanded and look at the latest track expects to weaken as it moves north and east, but don't put your guard down just yet because when the I, the south side of that eye, moves through still some strong wind gusts expected over 100 km/h in certain cases, I thought I'd show you some of those winds that area in red you're. Seeing is winds close to 100 in kilometres per hour, 80 to 100 notice by well Sunday things do start certainly start to ease by the overnight they will, but around Cape Breton still, some strong westerly winds and all areas start to see a break by Monday. There's the center of the storm, making landfall heavy rain, mainly to the north of Halifax. Still some heavy bands, though possible, and you can see the heaviest rain along the eye or the center of that storm. But the worst is over, as we head through tomorrow morning, still some breezy conditions and there will be calmer weather as we head into Monday - for the anticipated cleanup looking at rainfall amounts over the next 48 hours. This is on top of what's already fallen, as we look at your forecast now for tomorrow and Moncton 16 degrees nice to see that sunshine icon, isn't it same situation in Halifax, much calmer weather conditions expected as we take a look now at how things are working over the next seven days in Fredericton, calm conditions on Monday into Tuesday, chance of showers, Wednesday and more showers into Thursday. Well, it looks like some sunshine into Friday and Saturday of next weekend, and Halifax is a calmer day tomorrow, high of 17 up to 20 on Monday, with some sunshine. Next chance of showers looks to be on Wednesday Thursday things, look to clear up by the weekend on Friday and Saturday, but of course we're still keeping an eye on this powerful storm Sara as it starts to move onshore Anthony for now, we'll have the latest, of course, on social media and, of course, on global news, dot, CA all right thanks so much for this Ross. Let's go back one more time to our chief meteorologist Anthony Farnell, who is standing by live on the Halifax, waterfront soaking wet Anthony. The pictures we've been seeing throughout the day of the damage caused by this storm have really been incredible. There is more to come tonight. There is, and it's a different storm going forward right now, relative calm, we get the occasional gust here in downtown Halifax, but it's not nearly as strong or as persistent as it was say just an hour ago. The rain is also lightening up and we're not gonna, see much more than a shower after say 8 o'clock tonight, so conditions are improving in that regard. The wind, however, has been just howling coming in off the Atlantic Ocean from the east. That's also been piling water up the boardwalk, the waves crashing over some flooding as well. That wind is now switching as the storm passes by it's gonna switch to the northwest and then west, as we move through the night tonight. That's good and bad news. It's coming off of land, so that's, obviously better it'll push the water right back out into the Atlantic, but it's also a different direction. So if there are tree branches that are still stuck in trees or maybe on power lines, a complete reversal in wind direction is going to cause those to come down and we still are expecting hundred to 120 kilometer per hour gusts. As this now post tropical storm moves past, and even though it has lost its true hurricane characteristic, which is the strongest winds right near the center Sara. It's still nothing to laugh at because we're still gonna see that backside, like you, would in a true hurricane with winds in this case, still quite strong for the region. Sarah all right thanks again Anthony Anthony Farnell is going to be here all weekend, keeping you up-to-date so just before. We leave you tonight some important things to keep in mind for the next couple of days. The city of Halifax has issued a boil water advisory for residents who get their water from surface water sources like Lakes. All Halifax transit services have been canceled until noon: the road to Peggy's Cove and the Lawrence Town Road highway 7 as well into Seaforths, and have been closed. If you need immediate help, you do need to call 911 in both Nova Scotia and New Brunswick. Some other numbers free, -, no call eight one, one for non-emergency health information, five one one will get you road conditions in the Halifax area, call 3-1-1 for municipal information to report, outages, downed trees or power lines, contact, Nova, Scotia powers, outage line at one eight, seven, seven, four, two, eight six, zero, zero, four or NB power at 1, 800, 662. 'that, is all the time we have tonight. Thank you so much for watching this special edition of Global News at six join us again for global news. At eleven and tomorrow evening, at six as always, keep up-to-date online at global news, dot, CA / Halifax, our global news, dot, CA / New Brunswick stay inside tonight. Folks stay safe, we're going to leave you now with some video of this storm as it made its way into our region today. A reminder, some of the worst is yet to come tonight.