Heavy wind gusts and torrential rain hammered halifax early Saturday afternoon as the storm intensified, uprooted and broken trees, littered streets across the peninsula, damaging parked cars and blocking streets. Another reason to stay indoors, loose items from construction sites police closed this street after four by six sheets of plywood were sent sailing down. The street emergency management officials say those airborne items, pose a great danger to the public and we're asking contractors to clean up any loose materials. We've been getting complaints today and notifications about lumber material left unattended construction sites, unsecured. So those are a big concern. Right now, we've been working with our policing partners all morning trying to identify companies and reaching out to them late in the afternoon. A construction crane collapse onto an unfinished building downtown a clear example of the danger, with this kind of wind, heavy wind gust, even tore a large chunk of roof off a 50 unit apartment building. Halifax fire was on scene to help evacuate the tenants, while city transit were taking those stranded to an evacuation center being run by the Red Cross volunteers across Nova Scotia and the rest of Atlantic. Canada are on standby to respond and we will support communities that are impacted by this disaster by mid-afternoon. High tide saw strong storm surges, pounding the Halifax, harbor and rocking ships at the dock. The damage is building up even before the hurricane makes landfall Sara. The winds continue to get stronger and stronger and the damage reports. They continue to climb Halifax fire they're everywhere, responding to calls of downed power lines and trees that have been broken or uprooted that are blocking streets. Now, as it continues to get darker, we likely won't get an idea, the full extent of the damage until the Sun comes up tomorrow morning, yeah and Jessie. You you mentioned in that package. The situation downtown, as you were, seeing debris flying off of Fenwick towers. Just talk to me about how dangerous that situation can be Sara. That's that's been a big concern, especially well. We got a major gust coming through right now, but flying debris was one of the major concerns and we saw a roof, get torn off a building on Tobin Street and probably landed 70 yards down on Queen Street. Now they did have to evacuate 50 people as we mentioned that item they are heading to one of those emergency evacuation centers for the night. Red Cross has set up different locations across the city, but winds are getting strong here. We've got flying debris even coming down. Gajin Street here out front of the global news studios.