Well that morning we were watching the series come up about door. We stand on a cupboard trying to get for higher ground a supersonic, rpcvs department, but a tired of caution will carry all our clothes each other we get caught in our partner. It was too late together, so we took refuge in no and the closet, and me and him sat in. What's my artistic Center, we watch the hurricane took our roof off science, all under him. In case anything happened. You say it sounded like a freight train going around our home water was coming in our house. I. Think our house is the only one standing on Pelican Shores and when I came out during the I, couldn't believe my eyes that basically all the homes around me were gone washed through or just flattening. It was, but then, when colleague, what it was, it was fine I, don't think anybody else will want to go through what we went through and I'm finished finish. What we're trying to get out of here we've been stuck at the treasure key, since we brought our boat in last Thursday I, guess a week ago for the hurricane, so we stayed in the hotel condos there, which were almost totally destroyed, except for basically the bathrooms and the walls of the structure. The big glass sliding doors all got blown out, the front doors all got blown out. The ceilings came down, so there wasn't much left when we came back into our units after being in the bathroom for 18 hours overnight, the hurricane has completely devastated us. I mean this is the first time in my history. I've ever seen, a cat, 5, plus orchid and I've lived in many islands and I mean its total destruction, there's only about in tragedy. There are about five and habitable buildings. No, no safety at all. I've heard that there's a lot of fog there's a lot of looting, going on I've heard that people are being walking around with guns breaking into people's homes, but still have homes. It's that's. Why we're leaving and there's? No there's no force, there's nothing going on. They should have had this all done beforehand. You know this should have had it all in place and they did and they don't they still don't aqua. Homens government I, don't know. I've helped. I understand that help is on the way, but there's some red tape. That's stopping the planes are getting there to bring us supplies. I mean water is a precious commodity. Now I mean all practice. Assignments, there's no care. There are no catalysts. I've, given away all of my son's clothing to people. I mean I, have there's so many major nationals here they just take it. We have Bohemians, we have no help. You know, as we just found out the Bahamas here, it's coming, but we have to pay when there's no easy fo islands on no money grab so where I'm able to actually pay to get on the plane. You know if we need assistance, because there's so many Bahamian stranded there I just I'm, just dumbfounded I can't I have never seen anything like this. In my life.