Well, hurricane durian has left North Carolina and now the cleanup begins. We have about 45,000 people who are still without power. Most of those people are here in, dare and in Hyde County. Today, I traveled to visit some people who had storm damage. I went to Emerald Isle to the RV park that was hit by the tornado. There were significant damages damage to many homes. There we talked to a number of people who live there and a lot of volunteers who came to help. It was amazing that no one was hurt or killed at this RV park. I talked to a man named Bill who was drinking a cup of coffee when the tornado hit- and he showed me where he hit on the floor, and there were boards in beams all around and I, don't know how he survived, but he got by with a few scratches. We went later to Ocracoke Island and talked to a number of survivors. There again we don't think there were any serious injuries or deaths on Ocracoke. We do have a search and rescue team. That's going door-to-door to make sure, but this is a very close-knit community, and people assure me that everyone is present and accounted for. They also have many homes that in people's memory, they haven't seen it that bad before I talked to a man who had a home that his parents grew up in and that he lived in that was built in the 1870s and it had never been flooded as bad as it was there. The collective thoughts, though, from people, are, that they're pulling together and getting getting through this I'm sad to report that we have had one additional death related to the storm. A man from Pamlico County, 67 years old, died yesterday as a result of falling off a ladder in preparation for the storm. This raises the number of fatalities for hurricane durian to to officially we're sad and our our thoughts and prayers are with the families of these men who did die during the storm, but, as I have talked to people across the state talking to people who have been hit, people who are volunteers who are helping to local officials. The collective thought of people is that overall, this could have been much worse for our state, the people who did get flooded and who did get significant wind damage. This is a bad situation for them, but in North Carolina we're going to pull together and we're going to work to begin clean up and try to get back to normal as soon as possible. I want to thank all of the first responders, particularly people who went over to Oakland and who helped out early in that process. People who went when winds were still pretty high and were able to get someone medevacked out of their Ocracoke, who had an illness that was not related to the storm. A lot of our volunteers are there serve beginning to serve hot meals on Ocracoke Island right now, they've gotten the water sister back system back up running, but they still are working to try to get power restored and they they don't expect that to happen. For several days we have an emergency response team. There we're very proud of our men and women of the National Guard, who have worked very hard during the storm and are there still on Ocracoke Island, helping people to recover, providing food, water, shelter and I. Think the people of North Carolina feel determined to make sure we not only recover from this storm, but that we continue recovering from Hurricane Florence I'm, with a number of officials here, I'd first like to recognize general Jim Ernst of the North Carolina National Guard, to say a few words about the work of the guard. We came in on a National Guard helicopter from Ocracoke Island just a few minutes ago. So general Ernst I'll recognize you Thank You governor. My name is Jim arts I'm deputy age in general for North Carolina. They say the strength of the nation is the army. The strength of the army is a soldier and the strength of the soldier is the family. I tell you that to say that we as National Guardsmen, we draw our strength from the community. It's been great for us to assist our community in the recovery efforts of hurricane. We had 525 soldiers had been mobilized for this hurricane and we have we flew dozens of sorties to okokok Island. Over the last couple of days, it's been an honor to be part of the team that has assisted the community Thank You governor Thank You general we're grateful for the men and women who come out of their ordinary lives to serve our state. We also have with me who travel with me just to survey damage today the North Carolina Speaker of the House Tim Moore who's. Here, speaker more, you want to say a word just be brief. I just really want to also give a shout out to the first responders who are doing so much. The governor and I've had a chance to see firsthand what's happening, and everyone can rest assured. The commitment will be there from the legislature to make sure the resources are there to help, but we're just really fortunate that it wasn't worse than it was. We also have Libby Turner here, who is our federal coordinating officer from FEMA, we're now out assessing damages, putting together information to see if there is a request for a federal disaster declaration and we're getting all that information together right now, so we'll take questions from you guys, you know I, think probably so, but we're trying to get all of the information in regarding damages there. There is some concentrated areas where there is significant damage, and we know certainly with public assistance. We've got public infrastructure of this damage. We flew in looking at highway 12 and there numerous places where highway 12 has significant problems. I still say that people at Ocracoke, even though they many of them, have lived there a long time and their families had lived there. There was somewhat a state of shock from the significant storm surge that they saw coming in the man whose house I visited that had been built, I think in 1870. The water had never been like that before he was telling me, and there were a few people who didn't get water in their homes, but most of them did I. Think, there's also a great sense of relief that nobody was injured or killed on Ocracoke and people are pulling together to help each other, just as you figure North, Carolinians would, and particularly those on Ocracoke. We know how beautiful a place that can be and how it can become a part of your soul. So talking to a person who has lived in a home for 35 years and who told me I've lost everything, that's that's tough, but then he said I'm so glad that that I'm alive, because many of them were out there and had thought that the storm was over, that the I had passed over and then the storm surge came mostly from the sound side. Very quickly came upon them very quickly. Someone related to me that his house was elevated and that he stepped off and that the water came up almost to his neck. So we knew no. The water was very deep. There there's got any more information. You think I need to give here all right. Thank you guys very much. We appreciate it.