We are watching that massive hurricane that devastated the Bahamas and killed more than 20 people, including a Canadian right now. The eye of Hurricane Dorian is just off the Carolinas on the American East Coast Dorian has regained some strength and grown in size. It's now a category 2 hurricane and its outer bands are thrashing South Carolina's coastal communities. Tonight more than 200,000 homes and businesses are without power and the pounding rain is triggered. Flash flooding. Intense winds are packing gusts, close to 210 kilometers an hour, and there have been reports of tornadoes. People right along the coast are preparing for the worst and for good reason. This is what Dorian did to parts of the Bahamas where it hovered for 40 hours on the Abaco Islands, there are only ruins now. Rescue crews are only now getting to remote areas, and the death toll at 23 is expected to rise. We know a Canadian woman is among the dead on the Abaco Islands Alicia Leo Lee was from Windsor Ontario. Harrowing accounts are emerging from survivors of the hurricane who are now being reunited with family. Some say they thought they'd never be rescued. Our Mike Joe Leigh is in NASA the capital of the Bahamas tonight. Donna Leo Lee lived in the Bahamas and worked at a school for adults with special needs. You can add her name to what is expected to be a growing list of people. Who've died as a result of this storm from his hotel room. A Reuters photographer experienced the moment. Hurricane durian first hit Abaco island in the Bahamas. That's pretty bad! We're now going into a common area. Hopefully I'll be safer. As we now know, nothing was safe about durian, which is tied for the second strongest Atlantic storm to ever make landfall with winds as strong. As this, neither Abaco nor Grand Bahamas stood a chance. A monster hurricane durian battered the Bahamas for over two days with winds that topped out at a record matching 298 kilometers per hour, hgtv contractor in bahamas resort owner. Brian Ballmer has set up a GoFundMe page to help those hit hardest. From what we've seen. Some of our pilots have flown into Abaco, and it's I mean those two islands have completely gone through a blender and people that had you know relatively little. Have absolutely nothing left and the emergency crisis center in NASA experts frantically worked to put together a plan to get aid to the islands and a vacuous off them hampering their progress. Nobody here has ever seen a storm like durian and while they've evacuated hundreds of people at a time before they now have to figure out how to move tens of thousands. We bought our Akane's before many hurricanes throughout the Bahamas in different islands, but this one is very different. This was a category 5 that came and stayed. The number of missing on social media lists are in the thousands. There are stories of people seeing bodies allowing among debris a scene described as a horror movie, never ever seen anything like this. This was just just so far beyond anyone's imagination. The hope is that over the next few days, the flood of supplies will increase from the trickle, we're seeing right now and the Bahamas can finally start taking back some of what Dorian took Donna and Mike. Some of the worst damage on the Abaco island seems to have been to a shanty town where thousands of Haitian migrant workers live. They have little before the hurricane, and now they must be completely destitute. Well far, too many people who had far too little to begin with have even less right now, and we spoke with a pilot today who flew over one of these air strips that has yet to open. He says people who have nothing are now huddling they're waiting for the evacuation planes to start coming in to save them.