Was very clear, very quickly, a lot of seniors are feeling left out in this election. We were inundated with emails and also one fax. Some of the highlights the candidates are totally ignoring. Seniors seniors seem to have been put on the back burner and all the politicians seem to talk about her taxes, never about low-income seniors, and then there was a woman out of Courtenay BC who says she retired, with a small pension, quote: I've paid heavy taxes, all my working life, but now what I'm struggling sinking invisible? We decided to check in with a group of seniors in Kingston Ontario. The rooms in this building at one point were filled with desks and young boys and girls. It was an elementary school. It skews a little older today, but just as kids sometimes feel adults, don't listen to them. There's a sentiment at the Kingston Senior Center that politicians aren't listening to seniors I'm, not sure that their voices are being heard loudly enough and I. Don't know whether the parties are taking for granted that they're going to vote because, as I'm sure you know seniors vote, there is no group more likely to leave their homes next week and cast a ballot in the last federal election. Millennials had a strong turnout, they turned up at close to 60% seniors were very near 80, that's it, but even among reliable voters. There is disillusion. Quite frankly, I mean I couldn't list everything. That's been said and promised, but none of it ever comes to fruition. No seniors are a vulnerable group. There are challenges with being on a fixed income, finding affordable housing and even just doing what's going on here, getting out and being with other people. Isolation is I would say that might be at the top of the list for seniors seniors are more likely to use the healthcare system and, as a result, know its limitations. Some question whether Canada is ready for Canadians to get older. To me, the biggest issue is the sort of force that's coming the tsunami, they call it that's coming to the healthcare system and it seems like they're not prepared for the aging population. Now, just as often as we heard seniors worrying about, there are issues we heard them worry about. The issues of others, I'm glad I slept in a bed last night, not everybody did. There was concern about the homeless and First Nations and just a general sense that seniors have their challenges, but they're, not alone, children have troubles and middle-income blessed. People have troubles so troubles are universal. Younger people tend to look at seniors and worry about taking care of them. Well, it's pretty clear a lot of seniors. Look at younger people. The exact same way.