As part of our election coverage, we're looking at issues Canadians have told us are important, but not being discussed by political leaders. Tonight, it's the opioid crisis. According to a Government of Canada report released last month, 12 people die in this country every day from an opioid related overdose, as Mike Armstrong explains, there's no question, it's a crisis, but does any politician really care? Mike people sent in this issue with all sorts of different angles: addiction, overdose, crime, but all with basically the same question. This is a crisis. Why aren't the leaders talking about it more? This is a service. The downtown Calgary just a few years ago, didn't need Teresa, Conroy collects needles. People have thrown away a former addict herself, she finds them everywhere. There was a guy one day, I walked past and it was actually stuck into a post over my head. No, those needles are a symptom of a problem that, since the last federal election has only gotten worse, the number of Canadians killed by drug overdoses has risen every year from 2016 to March of this year. Drugs have claimed close to 13,000 lives and yet, between the hustings and the leadership debate, many are upset that a Canada wide crisis, that's killing, thousands is basically being ignored if this was any other kind of issue. If this was gun, violence that we were talking about, if this was contaminated lettuce or something that was killing people at that rate, then we would have definitely seen it been brought up as an election issue. During those debates, the federal government over the last few years has brought in measures to fight the problem. There's a Good Samaritan law, so people feel safe, calling 911 someone overdosing. They won't be charged with possession and Canada's the first country to approve treating addicts with hydromorphone a safe prescription opioid, but as very important work goes on in supervised injection sites like this one in Calgary there are people outside dealing with the crisis from another perspective. Well, there's a lot more crime in the I, don't like what I see on the streets to be effective, supervised injection sites have to be close to the problem easy to get to for the people who need them, but that's meant neighborhoods that already had trouble sometimes have to take on more I am unrealistic. David Lowe runs an association of businesses in downtown Calgary. He says his members have suffered and federal politicians should be talking about it. You know it almost seems like we're just acceptable casualties in the in the war on the opioid crisis. Here there are a lot of issues for federal leaders to tackle in an election campaign, but this one is literally life and death. It doesn't matter what angle you're coming at it from it feels like it's not getting the attention it desperately needs.