So we'll County Sheriff Mike Kelly, that's ke, ll e. Why will County State's Attorney James Glasgow G L a SGO and will corners Patrick, O'neil co, w GL did I, say o GL, ASG, o W, sorry James, O'neill Oh, an e IL? Yes, he's the Wolfe County Coroner I'm. At the end of the press conference I'll hand out, the sheriff is initially he's going to read a statement, an initial statement and then, after that he will open it up for questioning if they're ready, yes, he'll, open it up for questioning. Okay, okay, I have a copy of the statement for everyone afterwards, James Glasgow good afternoon. Thank everybody for coming today with me, sir Mike Kelly is what County State's Attorney James Glasgow will County Coroner Pat O'neill on September 12 2009 teen at approximately 3:30 p.m. that will County coroner's office has received a phone call from an attorney representing the family of dr. Ullrich Klopfer, who passed away on September 3rd 2019. The family attorney informed the coroner's office that, while the family was going through the doctor's personal property cleaning out the residence they discovered, what appeared to be fetal remains and requested. The assistance of the will cottage coroner's office to properly remove them. -. What County coroner's office contacted both the Will County Sheriff's Office and the Wolfe County State's Attorney's Office. Regarding the information conveyed by the family's attorney well, County, Sheriff, detectives, crime-scene investigators and a will. County deputy coroner arrived at the Klopfer residence located in unincorporated Creek Township and met with representatives of The Clapper family and the family's attorney personnel on scene were directed to an area of the property in the attached garage of the home, where 2246, medically preserved fetal remains were located over 70 cardboard boxes of various sizes contain these remains the remains discovered were inside I'm. Sorry, the remains discovered were inside. A small sealed plastic bags was contained, formalin a chemical used to preserve biological material. The boxes that contained the fetal remains were mixed, among other boxes, containing personal property of dr. Klopfer, crime-scene investigators with the vil County Sheriff's, Office documented a scene and the remains were subsequently removed from the property by the will conduct coroner's office personnel with the Will County Sheriff's Office searched the entire property and found no evidence of medical procedures occurring on the property, nor where any other fetal remains discovered during a search of the property dr. Klapper performed abortions and three clinics in the state of any art at three clinics in the state of Indiana. The containers of fetal remains are dated from 2000 to 2002, which coincides with the period of time. He maintained the clinics in Indiana. The cloud for family has been cooperative, cooperating fully throughout this investigation and there's still work. That needs to be done. In this case the LA County Sheriff's Office, the Wolfe County coroner's office and the Wolfe County State's Attorney's Office have been in contact with additional agencies both in and out of the state of Illinois. In regards to this investigation, all involved is excuse me all involved. Agencies are still in the early stages of attempting to bring this case to a resolution. We collectively collectively asked that the media and the public not pass judgment on the kapre family who made the startling discovery and who have been cooperating fully throughout this entire process. That will conclude the port that port this portion of the press conference will now allow any questions we are working with. The Indiana attorney general's office and arrangements are being made to transfer the fetal remains to their custody. Obviously he had three clinics in Indiana and I think it involves two different counties: they'll be County prosecutors and the Indiana Attorney General I know the Indiana legislature has weighed in on this also- and somebody told me that vice president Pence is it's called them about this, so well again, there's requirements for record-keeping and that's one of the issues that the Attorney General in Indiana is initially addressing, because obviously these records were not handled properly back at that time. But as far as you know, other aspects of this is still an open investigation. We've concluded what we can do here in Illinois, the sheriff's office and the coroner panelled Neal have done a fantastic job in handling this very delicate situation, and they did a yeoman's job in in you know, inventory all the information and that again will be transferred to Indiana in the very near future again because it coincides with the time that he would have been doing the abortions in Indiana. Most of the evidence of anything that occurred is there and we will remain in contact with them and that they, you know he had mentioned during one of his testimonies that he had done an abortion on a ten-year-old girl. This is public information in Illinois and the uncle had raped the child and they did the abortion and the parents took her home and no one reported it. No. We have no further information about that other than that, but I certainly would like to learn more about that again. They they they did not know they did not know, but once they discovered it, they called coroner O'neill and the sheriff again. There are privileged aspects to this case that that borrows from talking about that again again, there are privileged aspects that would prevent us from talking about that again. We can't comment on their fetal remains and I can't discuss the gestation of them again as one after we make the transfer to Indiana the Indiana Attorney General is going to ask the public if they want to inquire of their agency. If they're, aware of anything that happened during that time period that would affect them, then they would be able to contact the Attorney General where the remains are today. I'm. Sorry, again, that's that's privileged information. Again, this is still an open investigation. We will be cooperating with Indian authorities. The next step of this would be. You can make inquiries of their agency as to what they feel they can release or not release. But with regards to that privileged aspect of this to break that privilege, the individual whose information is being protected has to reach out and say they want to waive it. So again, we we have no evidence to indicate any criminal activity at that house other than potentially the existence of the evidence that we found. Yes well, Mike Mike. If you want to say it's, nor are we held the house for a couple days and then, and then we searched it. We took about 50 about 50 of our detectives and our personnel to go through this residence because it's a very, very large residence and there were hundreds and hundreds of boxes that we had to go through to make sure there were no more of these remains in that residence. So I could tell you that 31 years that I've been doing this job I've never seen anything like this ever it is. It is a strange you know it's one of those once-in-a-lifetime things. It doesn't sound. It doesn't appear as if he was trying to it's hard for us to speculate on that, simply because it was from 17 to 19 years ago on what you know and without being able to talk to him obvious because he's he's deceased, it's kind of tough for us to even speculate what his motivation was to bring him there or not. You know that I would imagine that the attorneys, the Attorney General of Indiana, will probably do some more. That investigating ask and you know, because he had three clinics and obviously he had other employees that worked in those clinics. So they got a lot I. Don't we haven't looked into what it would cost honestly Scott to determine to remove all medical weights, because that wasn't our focus at that time right. Our focus was to try to clear that house and make sure that you know we didn't leave any box unopened so to speak. So I couldn't I. Couldn't answer that question? No, we didn't find any other type of medical. Yes, for me it you know, we just imagine your garage and you walk in and you're you're, storing, whatever car parts, bottles of motor oil, whatever you can pass, that's what the garage looked like. Basically, sealing the to floor almost well, yeah, of course, yeah. So that's why it was hard. Like I said it's, it was just like anybody else's garage. Well, we're hoping that soon we'll be turning them over to the Indiana Attorney General. Well, there's still, there's still a will. County again, we as we've, said it Cohen's Sutton. The fetal remains that we have the dates coincide with when he was operating his three clinics in Indiana. He was not operating any clinics in Lowell County or in Illinois that we're aware of we found no evidence on the property than any of the abortions were form their. The fetal remains will be transferred, as I said, to the Illinois attorney general's office, India I'm, sorry, the Indiana attorney general's office and they will take custody of those and they will be preserving them for evidentiary purposes. At this point, and then you left inquiry, we're not commenting on what what records we have or we don't have but yeah but again we know that the time period but I can't tell you how we know that time period, the condition that we found the the it's clear that they're older he's deceased, so not I'm. Sorry, but and again you know he he failed to follow. Indiana law as to the disposal of the fetal remains that under their law he failed to file the proper paperwork under their law. Those are the two things they're gonna be looking at initially, obviously, there's he has facilities there that are still there, so that that will be part of the continuing investigation and then, as I said, there is a privilege that attaches to these fetal remains and you're all aware of the HIPAA laws correct, and so we're we're restrained from telling you any detailed information about that. However, if a victim comes forward and wants to inquire of their own information, they can waive that privilege. Well, I use the word victim in general terms, but if someone who did have an abortion performed upon them, they could come forward and contact the Indiana attorney general's office and they've made that offer. That can be done. Well, you know, I, don't want to speculate, certainly because of the age that we're talking here, there's statutes of limitations that apply also and they're different in Indiana than they are here. So that's all got to be looked at and sorted out. The only crime potentially that could come of this is if we had a 13 year old child who had an abortion of the person that impregnated that that child would be guilty of statutory rape. Potentially so, but that's you know again because of the age of these remains I, don't know that that will be possible under Indiana law or not, but that's part of the further inquiry that it's going to be had Indiana I, believe I, don't want specular. Well, it's been gradually modified to the point where I don't believe we have any statute of limitations now, but these that wouldn't apply to these old issues. Again, we have no. We have no evidence, we have we've concluded our investigation and find that we need to know, make no further criminal inquiry here and that's why the people would to be in the best position to do that will be Indiana and we will remain available as I mentioned. If they get information about the ten-year-old girl and it's within the statute of limitations, certainly we would be available for the most part. Yes, so we very rarely ever get calls or exercise jurisdiction over these types of cases, as a sheriff indicated and the state's attorney indicated probably one of the most unusual cases and our careers. We have over over 60 years of experience here at the podium when, when I receive the telephone call, obviously it was quite surprising to say the least. We did, however, as a result of information that's been released about this particular case, received various telephone calls from individuals, cemetery associations, the Catholic Church, offering free burials for for the fetal remains now in the event that Illinois were to hang on to or exercise jurisdiction. Over this particular case, we probably would have used one of those avenues, but, as the state's attorney indicated, it appears as though the Indiana Attorney General is going to exercise jurisdiction, so the final disposition will be up to up to their Department. All's I can say at this point is appear as though, as dr. Klapper died of natural causes in Illinois, we very rarely well. We never exercise jurisdiction as far as the coroner or medical examiner's offices are concerned, so, whatever form a disposition, neither the hospital or the clinic provides is up to them and I'm not exactly sure what that answers. We haven't heard anything from you in the general's office as of just yet. We know what they were doing some stuff today, but they have a cop. These remains sort of haphazardly thrown into these boxes, or were they sort I mean? Can you give us a little bit better sense of what what you found? There was individual packaging on every single one. What are the chances he could have packaged? Well again, we don't know how many employees he had. We don't know. You know how he operated his clinics, so there's no way that we could answer that you're, not what I said. We've concluded that there's nothing more in Illinois that we can that's. Why are we gonna work with hand in hand with the Indiana attorney general's office? Probably the Indiana State Police, the to prosecutors, two or three prosecutors in the counties there that are going to be looking into this and if they need our assistance in any way we'll be available. If they uncover anything that occurred in Illinois and it's in our County, we will handle it if it's not in our County will work with the prosecutor in the county that that it is applicable to so. A representative from the Indiana attorney general's office has been here the last two days, working with our whole Detective Division, so we're I mean yeah. I said that in Will County pretty much we've, but we're still investigating because we're assisting the Indiana attorney general's office in any police agencies. They may get involved on their end, so we're still working it. But there were no no procedures at all done on their remains. They can be determined the DNA was there enough material again. We can't comment on that based on the privilege aspect, as I said, if, if the individuals contact the Indiana Attorney General, then that that can be followed up on again, that would be up to them and have that be up to the Indiana Attorney General, but they've indicated they're looking for people to call their office. Your confirmation of the years where these samples came from is that more paperwork driven were more medically scientifically examined. Okay, we it's both well, yes, again the examination of what we found the totality of what we found corroborates the 2000 to 2002. Well again, if mr. clapper did something wrong, it's irrelevant at this point because he can't be prosecuted. What we're looking for is to find out work with the Indiana authorities to find out, if there's more and then also work with them. If victims come forward that want to participate in the criminal justice system and and some of them look, even though the clinics are in Indiana, some of these people could have lived in Illinois at the time, and so we have a connection so, but obviously, if, if the crime is committed in Indiana, they would be the appropriate prosecuting authority, but we probably could assist them, so we remain open to that yeah again I'm. We can't talk about that specific. Thank you very much. Thank you.