Jody Wilson rainbow thanks for talking to us. No thanks for being here. It has been eight months, I guess, since you resigned from the cabinet, does it feel like a whirlwind? The last eight months I mean it has I, think it's bordering on nine, but whatever the timeframe, it has been a very interesting year. It's been a difficult time, but I feel really good about where I'm at very happy to be running as an independent for reelection in Vancouver, ground, ball. I. Think world win is a good way to describe it, but the world win has brought me here where we are working really hard for reelection. How much does party politics matter when you're running in a federal campaign? How is this different from the last campaign for you? It's it's different and it's similar. We feel a great sense of Liberty. We can engage directly even more so now in conversations with the people here in Vancouver groundball about issues that are important to them and our teams working really hard. For me, however, my experience in the party system wasn't that great and the blind loyalty that exists among many partisans I think is very debilitating for dialogue and debate about issues. I wish that there was more independently minded people running and debating issues like climate change or democratic reform, indigenous issues that we need to look at the way our political system operates, how we make decisions and how we make it more representative of people here in Vancouver, Granville or how members of parliament specifically can represent their constituents in Ottawa, as opposed to being answerable to the prime minister or unelected people within the prime minister's office or a party leader. It shouldn't be that way. We need to work on having a more representative democracy and that's what I'm hearing right across this riding and from tens of thousands of people that have emailed me across. You were part of a party last time in 2015. That was promised politics done differently. What was not different, what turned out not to be different in the government of Justin Trudeau well, I mean speaking I mean I was very proud. Don't don't get me wrong to be the Minister of Justice and the Attorney General to hold two ministerial portfolios for over three years, but where I think things fall short was one I'm in the position that I now am in terms of running as an independent someone who very clearly articulated what was happening to me. So the truth did the right thing in my eyes, in terms of the whole issue around that company and what transpired- and it brought me to this place, I, don't think that one should be removed from a political party for simply speaking the truth or doing what one thinks is right. That's where in my mind, the hyper partisan nature of Ottawa takes over individual members of parliament living by their values and principles or representing the views of their constituents that shouldn't be trumped by partisan politics. There is a lot of control. Power seems to be very centralized and was during the time that I was in a party to the point, where I'm not sure how many people know that ask me. You go into the House of Commons for a vote on a particular piece of legislation or debate, a particular piece of legislation and your for the most part told what to say and how to vote literally having a sheet of paper paper put in front of you that tells you how to vote. I find that concerning there's too much control in that regard. How big a factor do you think Trust is in this kam Payne I would say that Trust is a significant factor in this election. There's a level of frustration that I think we're all hearing about this election. We're leaders of the parties are representing that they're the better vote, because they're not as bad as the other person I mean who wants to vote in that environment and it's it's raised a level of frustration and concern about the nature of our democracy in politics, which I, don't think, is a bad thing. We just need to understand where that frustration comes from and and channel that towards doing an incident, overused phrase doing politics differently. If you get elected, could you see yourself supporting Justin Trudeau in a minority government coalition government I'm, a progressive I am the same person. I was when I ran in the previous election I believe and closely aligned with the ideology of the Liberal Party around justice, inclusion and equality I again I support a lot of what the previous government has done and I will support a progressive agenda to tackle the major issues that we're facing here from climate change to affordability, to Pharma care. These are important issues having a diversity of views in making really important decisions about advancing legislation on behalf of Canadians I believe results in better laws and results in better regulations and policies. I mean I'm, proud to come from an indigenous background and worldview where we didn't have political parties but functioned on the bases as much as we can of consensus. That doesn't mean everybody agrees, but you have vigorous debates and discussions of various ideas and, at the end of the day you come to a solution to move forward. I think Ottawa could learn something from an indigenous worldview. Do I think we're going to get all the way to consensus based decision making? No, but there is an opportunity for us to be more cooperative and recognize that one political party doesn't hold the monopoly on all the solutions to the issues that we're facing as Canadians. Okay. Great. Thank you. Thank you very much.