Hello I'm Mercedes Stevenson, and this is the West block politics, perspectives and players. Abu bakr al baghdadi, the world's most wanted terrorist and the brutal leader of isis died in his own hand, after being cornered by the u.s. special forces on a raid in syria, critical intelligence for that raid was reportedly provided by the Kurds who fought at the sharp end of the spear against Isis as Western Allies. Now many, however, are fleeing for their lives. Joining me now is Bayon Sami abdulrahman, the Kurdish regional government representative to Washington DC. Welcome to the show. Thank you very much. Miss Robin I know you've been very busy in these past couple of weeks on Capitol Hill meeting with American lawmakers. What's your message been to them? Well, I've primarily focused on events in Kurdistan region and Iraq, but of course, also on what's happening in our neighborhood in particular, what we see is the potential fallout of recent developments in Syria. There are many issues that were concerned about security issues and, of course, humanitarian, which I think sometimes is lost in this conversation about what's happening in Syria. One of the big events- that's playing in a lot of people's minds, of course, is the death of mr. al-baghdadi one of the most wanted terrorists in the world. The leader of Isis, the Kurds, have come out and said that they had a key role in that operation that they provided intelligence. In fact, they may have had an operative who collected mr. Baghdadi's underwear to verify the DNA test on him. Can you speak to the role that the Kurdish forces played in terms of working with the US Special Forces to capture mr. Baghdadi and ultimately resulting in his taking of his own life? Well, I have, to be honest, I, don't know the details, because that's not my field, but certainly the Kurds have a close working relationship with the United States Baghdadi and Isis have been great enemies of the people of Kurdistan, but also people of Syria and Iraq as a whole and the international communities. So it's in all of our interest to cooperate. Obviously, in that part of the world, we have very good intelligence, very good human intelligence. Of course we rely on technology like our advanced partners who have that kind of technology, but really for us. It's human technology. It's accurate, it's on the ground and I have to say it's very, very brave, so I'm very proud of any role that the Kurds have played in this and other operations and I. Think the takedown of Baghdadi symbolically, is very important, but it still leaves Isis as an organization. It doesn't really meet the demands and the need for justice for the from the victims of Isis and especially I'm thinking of the Yazidis and the Christians who suffered genocide at the hands of that terrible organization. President Trump has announced that he's withdrawing American forces from Syria. Of course, the Turkish government has launched incursions into Syria attacking the Kurds in that area. When you heard the president make that announcement, what went through your mind? Well, to be honest, we have heard president Trump's say that before I believe he said it on two, maybe three occasions, and so in some ways it was expected that the US would want to leave. Syria and President Trump had definitely expressed that desire previously I think what took us back. What surprised us was the sudden way it was announced, it's understandable, that the US would want to leave Syria someday and maybe Iraq and Afghanistan someday too, but we hope it will be done in an orderly way, not leaving others vulnerable or exposed to negotiating in a very weak position. So, as I said, I don't think there was a surprise, because President Trump had certainly flagged this earlier, but it was perhaps the manner and the speed with which it was done. But anyway, since then, President Trump has announced now that some US forces will stay behind largely to protect oil fields. I think that is significant. We must protect oil fields and other potential sources of revenue from Isis, and it's also important that all of those Isis prisoners and Isis camps, if you like, still under lock and key and they're in Kurdish held areas of Syria, there have been calls in Canada to bring home Canadians who travel to Iraq and to Syria to fight with Isis. There's been concerned that some of those camps they were being in how that by the Kurds, have been disrupted by these Turkish offensive operations. What's the situation on the ground right now in terms of those Kurdish camps that were holding Isis prisoners, are they still intact or all those prisoners now still out on the loose? My understanding is that some prisoners did escape perhaps a week or two ago now, but otherwise generally the camps and the prisons under control, but even before the announcement by President Trump these prisons, these camps were a concern and they remain a concern. The numbers are huge. Al whole camp holds thousands and thousands of people. The conditions aren't very good. It's really we've been signaling this for a very long time. These really- and there are camps like that in Iraq too, by the way, there's no real care and by care I, don't mean a luxury lifestyle. What I mean is there are children in these camps? Okay, their parents are Isis fighters and they believe in the ideology. But why aren't we doing something about the children? Otherwise in five years time in ten years time? These children will be teenagers, they will be adults. All they will have known, is growing up in a camp rampant with ideology that is all about death and destruction, and with this will have happened, while we we have, let them grow up in this atmosphere, so these camps, whether they're in Syria, Iraq or elsewhere, all of us collectively. The international community in particular, need to be much more mindful that we're not producing future Isis fighters, whatever name they might call themselves. And so, while these camps excuse me in in Syria, are under protection now it doesn't really deal with a bigger question that has always existed: don't just leave it to the Iraqis and the Syrians or the Kurds to just manage these camps. This is the responsibility of the international community and I would include Canada and I would include the UK and France and Germany and and the United States, and that it's our collective responsibility to deal with these camps and to ensure we don't have future fighters who are now growing up hip, not be growing up there. So if you were able to speak to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau today, you would ask the Canadian government to bring the Canadians who fought for Isis back to Canada I, do believe it's the responsibility of every country, every government to bring back its own Nationals and put them on trial, and that would be my message to Prime. Minister Trudeau I understand that some countries are concerned that perhaps they don't have enough evidence to convict somebody that perhaps the laws of certain European and Western countries are such that after 10 years or so, those people would be released. Well, perhaps it's time that you looked at your laws, but you can't just shirk your responsibilities and dump these serious global problems on those of us in the Middle East who have to live with it day. In doubt, with what's happened with the situation of Turkey targeting the Kurds in Syria, the Kurdish forces worked very closely with the Canadian special operations. Forces in Iraq worked with many Western militaries really at the front end of the battle against Isis. Those countries have been very muted in their response to Turkey. Are you disappointed with the international response, including Canada's response to the Turkish government's actions? Well, I, understand turkeys, an important NATO ally for the United States and other countries, and that has to be kept in consideration. I think what's really important is that there are so many factors that need to be taken into consideration. The border area is a heavily populated area Qamishli our mood, many other cities along that border are heavily populated. So, what's going to happen to that population, there are currently two or three hundred thousand Syrians from around that area who have been internally displaced the longer they are displaced, the longer they're not able to return to their homes, the more likely that they will cross over and come to Iraqi Kurdistan, and we in Iraqi Kurdistan are already taking care of 1 million displaced, Iraqis and Syrian refugees who fled in 2011 and 12 our population in Iraqi Kurdistan is 5 million, we're already taking care of 1 million displaced people and refugees. We are not in a position to receive another two or three hundred thousand new refugees from Syria where we can take them in, but we can't feed them. We can't clothe them. We have no shelter for them and we are asking the international community to be aware of this. Let those displaced people return home. Otherwise, if they come over to Iraqi Kurdistan, we will urgently need very urgent, large-scale humanitarian support and I hope. Canada will play a role in that. Don't leave us to carry the burden alone, please come and help us, but ideally they should really be allowed to go home now, to their own homes and to stay there. Over 11,000 Kurdish fighters died. Fighting Isis. Is there a feeling in the Kurdish community that there's a betrayal here that the international community is now looking the other way after working so closely with them? 11,000 Kurdish fighters died in Syria and in Iraq, 2000 pesh MERGA died and thousands on both sides were injured. So certainly we have paid the price fighting Isis with our blood. The international community, of course, has been an important partner with equipping training, providing resources, but nothing plays replaces blood. At the end of the day, we've given enormous sacrifice, so I think that partnership needs to be borne in mind. Definitely when President Trump first announced the withdrawal there was a sense of shock and bewilderment over time. We've seen that President Trump has said some forces will stay behind. The US Congress has spoken out very, very openly very strongly. There are various resolutions and bills that are being discussed and I think it's become clear that this was a political decision, but it doesn't necessarily reflect what other Ameri Conte. What will happen if you don't get the access to the humanitarian assistance or military assistance that your people are asking for? To be honest, I think the military relationship between the United States and the SDF in in Syria will continue. That's how it appears, even though it's a very fluid situation, and it changes day by day with us in Iraq in Iraqi Kurdistan. We have a very strong partnership with the United States, and both sides have reiterated their commitment to that. With regards to the humanitarian fallout, we're very concerned that, if hundreds of thousands of Syrian Kurds cross over into Iraqi Kurdistan that we will have a humanitarian catastrophe on our hands just because we don't have the wherewithal to cope with another new influx, as I said, we have 1 million that we're already taking care of the international community has drawn down its assistance in Iraq by 50% over the past year in Iraqi Kurdistan, the 1 million that we're taking care of 70% of the cost is borne by us. We provide health care, education, policing, hygiene, whatever you need to provide to a population. We provided the international community only provides 30 percent of their needs and it's decreasing day-by-day, so we're not in a position to be able to take care of the new children and the new women and men who arrive, and these are people who arrive with their own health conditions. Some of them need kidney dialysis, some of them have cancer and they need treatment for that or pregnant women. I mean these. Are people like you and me. They have health care needs, they have educational needs, so who's going to take care of that, we don't get much help from the federal government in Baghdad if any, the international community is reducing its assistance. So again, we're being left to put to bear the brunt of it and I hope that the international community is listening. I hope Canada, which has always acted responsibly, is listening and will help us with this MS Abdulrahman. Thank you so much for joining us you're welcome. Thank you for allowing me the opportunity to share our story with you. That's all the time we have for today, thanks for joining us for the West walk, I'm resetti Stevens. You.