Good afternoon and thank you all so much for taking a little time today to chat a little bit about what happened last night, the reporting of the results and circumstances surrounding the 2020 Iowa Democratic Party caucuses, were unacceptable. As chair of the party I apologize deeply. For this last night, we were faced with multiple reporting challenges and decided out of an abundance of caution to protect the integrity of the Iowa caucuses and their results by taking the necessary steps to review and confirm the data, a thorough, transparent, an independent examination of what occurred yesterday will follow. But let me be clear: my number one priority has been on ensuring the accuracy and integrity of the results, and we have been working all night to be in the best position to report results in here. In just a couple of minutes, we will be reporting 62% of precincts from all 99 counties. The bottom line is that we hit a stumbling block on the back end of the reporting of the data, but the one thing I want you to know. We know this data is accurate and we also have a paper trail and documentation that will that have been able to use to provide information to help verify the results. This is personal to me. I'm, a lifelong Iowa I have caucused for 20 years and I know how important it is for to our party to our states and to everyone from our neighbors to new voters to be able to come together all across the state. We want Iowans to be confident in the results and in the process, and we are going to take the time that we need to make sure that we do just that. So no folks are going to want to be seeing the results as they come in, but I'm happy to take a couple of quick questions. Before that happens, we have been working day and night to make sure that these results are accurate. The one thing I will say is that the underlying data, the raw data, is secure. It was always secure. This was a coding error in in one of the pieces on the back end, but the raw data, the data that has come in is secure and I can assure islands of that. The fact is is that this is a conversation that happens every four years. There's no doubt that that conversation will take place again, but right now my focus is making sure that we get these results out. We are going to continue to do that and we will have the results out as soon as we can job. Well, we're gonna take the time we need to get these results done. We're now that we have the first batch, that's going to be coming out here in a couple of minutes. We're gonna continue to go through our processes, verifying everything, but the thing to remember here, folks, is that we have a paper trail. We have always said all along that throughout this process that we have backups to this system, that we have redundancies, built-in and one of the ways that we do. That is through the paper trail now. The fact is is that, as we started doing this last night, it took longer than we expected, and so, but the my paramount concern is making sure that these results are accurate and reflect what happened last night in caucuses across the state. We're gonna do just that and that's we're gonna take the time we need to do. We have one I have no knowledge of the Department of Homeland Security. Making that offer to us I will say that we have worked with cybersecurity experts, a nationally renowned cybersecurity experts to test this app and to do testing and security checks on this app. So we have, we took the steps we felt was necessary, but we found a coding error last night once we discovered some irregularities, as the results started to come back yeah. What's that no there weren't and that's why, and that is why the that's why what happened last night is simply unacceptable and so again we're going to have a thorough and independent review of exactly what happened. Last night. We still right now we're in the process of making sure that we get these results out and that's what we're gonna stay focused on yeah. We have said all along that we were going to make these caucuses the most transparent possible this year. We're reporting out more data than we ever have reported before, and in addition to that, we have paper trails that we've never had before and so we're gonna take the time we need to verify these results, but these results are being based off what happened in the precincts last night, when I ran for chair I made a commitment to see the caucus process through. That is what I am working on. That is what I will continue to work on and whatever happens after that was to be determined anyways. Thank you all folks. The results are coming in. We will see you later.