This is the strait of hormuz, it's one of the most important waterways in the world, because one-fifth of the world's oil supply passes through here and it's where tensions between Iran and the West have come to a head in the Middle East tensions, ramping up between the u.s. and Iran tonight with attacks on two oil tankers in the Gulf of Oman, the Strait of Hormuz lies between Oman and Iran. It's the main channel linking the Persian Gulf with the Gulf of Oman and the Arabian Sea Persian Gulf countries, transport, their oil to Asia and the west through the Strait of Hormuz in 2018, an average of 21 million barrels of oil passed through the channel each day more than any other street in the world. So when multiple oil tankers were attacked in the waterway over the past few months, international alarm bells went off. We started the Middle East and the growing alarm over what appears to be new attacks on ships in the region. Tensions between Iran and the West have been skyrocketing. Since President Donald Trump pulled out of the landmark 2015 nuclear deal, the United States will withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal. The Trump administration reimpose sanctions in an effort to reduce Iran's oil exports to zero and cripple their economy. Obviously this angered Iran and its president Hassan rouhani, who was elected on the promise that he'd get the economy running again and at the time rouhani hinted that Iran had the power to disrupt global oil, trade in retaliation to Trump's sanctions, then in May 2019 for ships were attacked in the Gulf just beyond the Strait of Hormuz. A month later, two more oil tankers were attacked. The US blames Iran for both attacks, but Iran has repeatedly denied any involvement in response. The u.s. announced that it would send more troops to the Gulf in a show of force and Iran shot down a US drone in a major escalation of tensions. This is also around the same time that Iran followed through on its longtime threat to violate part of the 2015 nuclear deal by stockpiling, more low, enriched uranium and then is allowed. The Europeans have failed to fulfill their promises of protecting Iran's interests under the deal. Then in July the UK sees an Iranian oil tanker suspected of transporting oil to Syria in violation of EU sanctions. Manganese yo me llamo, always gotta, know I'm neon state babble yet have a artists role, but I'm b'fer Madrid arconi a week later, Iran's Revolutionary Guards seized a British flag oil tanker in the Strait of Hormuz. All of this has caused only a small surge in oil prices. So far, Iran has threatened to close the waterway entirely bottlenecking oil exports from the Gulf, including their own, but it has made that threat before and never follow through to show you I was right about Iran trouble, nothing but trouble. Trump's hardline approach with Iran has led to a geopolitical row that gets Messier by the week and all eyes are on the Strait of Hormuz. You.