It was one of the most remarkable rescues in the history of Niagara Falls, a dredging scow with two men aboard broke loose from its tugboat in 1918. It got stuck on rocks barely 600 meters from the falls, but luckily just 200 meters from the big power station. They had to fire a line from the top of the power plant out to the poor old sky out there, Jim Hill of Niagara Parks, says a u.s. Coast, Guard cannon fired the lifeline. A local hero, Red Hill, went out over the water untangled, the lines and after 17 hours with pulleys and a harness, the two men were brought to shore. This is such a compelling story that that it involves bravery and it involves International Cooperation and it has a happy ending. It was too risky to do anything more with the scow, and so it was left where it's sat for decades, a tourist attraction we called it the barge when I came here to look at this 50 years ago. When I was a kid and we wondered at the time. How does it stay in one place? Well, it took another 50 years for it to finally move a century of pounding water and rusting metal and finally gale force winds. Last week, eventually pushed the iron Hulk off its rocky perch. It moved about 50 meters that much closer to Niagara Falls Alf McGrath was taking pictures of it hours before last week's storm and came back today to compare I think it's broken up quite a bit more to his before picture and after he says it's sad to see it breaking up before it looked like a boat. Now, it just looks like a mess. Now that the scow is movable its days may be numbered quite a story. From from that long ago, rich Eckert brought his son to have a look. The historic significance not lost even on a seven-year-old. It's been there for a hundred years. It's really cool that it just moves. So anyway, Niagara Parks officials are watching it more closely. Now, operators of the Maid of the Mist have been caution and chances are, it will break apart and the rugged memorial to a heroic rescue will vanish for good over the falls, but in those constantly churning waters it has sure lasted longer than anyone ever thought. It would Eric Sorenson Global, News, Niagara, Falls Ontario.