Welcome everybody welcome welcome, so my name is Jaffa to all day and I want to acknowledge that we're on ancestral territories of the Ghibli than Anishinabe and in particular the Mississauga's of the new credit, whose territory we are gathering here on today and this territory is covered by the Canada treaty. The Upper Canada treaties, like I, said my name is Jeff a 12-day and I'm your candidate for York southwest and in this year's federal election today, I'm pleased to be joined by many of my colleagues and friends: Andrea Vasquez Jimenez from York Center Canada for York Center, naima, farah candidate for Etobicoke, north leia, leia, Kelsey candidate for Willowdale, Nicky, Clarke candidate for Mississauga Moulton, dr. Hal, Berman candidate from Markham Stovall and Nicholas Thompson candidate for Don, Valley, East and also I'm also extremely honored, to be joined by many of our elected officials. Here in this room today, firstly, from my own riding York Southwest, an MPP, faizul Hasan and then to Supreme elected officials here right in row: Humber River, Black, Creek, Tom, Burke, osowiec, MPP and Anthony Perutz, our city councillor for Humber River, Black Creek. Thank you for the warm welcome and thank you to the warm welcome to Humber Humber Black, Creek and I am extremely proud to introduce my friend candidate for Humber for Black Creek in this year's federal ection Maria odd you Mary. Thank you. Thank you. So much. Thank you yeah. It is this on okay, good. Thank you. I, before I bring our leader up here to speak. I want to say a couple of things about him. When I first met jag meet, Singh I was presented with an image of a man who is a natural born leader with integrity, an honest man, a man who I want to stand beside a man who I want to help lead, Canada and Canadians, and then, when I saw his big poster on the Yorkdale shopping, plaza, I was doubly impressed and his face should be plastered all over. Really really he's gonna talk to you today, friends about what's important for Canadians he's gonna talk about affordability. There are students from York University here who need to hear about what it's like for them and what he's going to do about it. There are many seniors here who are struggling to pay their for their medicine and jug. Meat. Singh is going to talk about that about housing, affordability. These are things that everyday Canadians need and want, and desire and hope for jag meet Singh. Can you allow me to permit me your moment to just show some love to Maria and japhet for their awesome introduction as being candidates, Maria I'm sure you know, but as a city councilor as a passionate activist for for this community for the City of Toronto she's, someone who gets what people are going through and she's someone who's, gonna fight very hard to build a better future, so I'm, so incredibly honored to have Maria, Mary and japhet, and our entire team of candidates on our side and on people side. Thank you and we're in a really cool spot right now, we're right on the boundary between two ridings, so we're we're representing today, not only Humber, River, Black Creek, but also right beside us, York Center. So it's great to have our candidate Andrea with us friends. I want to tell you a little bit about what this election is. All about and and Maria touched on it and japhet has spoken on this, and all our candidates is spoken about it. We see in this community like many communities, people who are having a hard time, they're struggling with things like housing. It's hard to find a place to call home. People are worried about the cost of health care more and more, it's harder and harder to afford things like medication, but all the things as well like dental care. Many people are putting it off. They don't choose to get their teeth, cleaned or to take the time to take care of their dental health, because it's too expensive- and we know that transit- is something that people really desperately need here in the community. They want to be able to get around and it's hard because it's it's not being invested in enough, and we know that young people are looking at the future and not filled with hope and excitement, but are worried, they're worried because they can't find a job there's high rates of unemployment here in the city for young people, particularly. We also know that young people are worried about the future, because they're worried about the climate crisis, and we will look at all these things that people worried about. We see what the Liberals and the Conservatives are doing about it and I put to you that they are more preoccupied with making life easier for the people at the very top, and that makes life harder for everyone else. They've chosen to help those who are already doing well, the powerful corporations they've time and time again when push comes to shove, help them out and it's made people hurt I want to show you some examples. You know we talked about young people who are who should be hopeful about the future, who should be excited about? What's going to come in the in in the future, instead of being excited, they're worried because they've got crushing student debt they're crushed with the weight of student debt and I think about the choices that this government's made. Mr. Trudeau the choices mr. Trudeau specifically is made over the past four years, while mr. Trudeau's been in government, he's been charging students interest on their student debt. He's been profiting he's been profiting on student debt, so over four years mr. Trudeau has taken three billion dollars off the backs of students by charging them interest higher than banks. Even he's charged interest plant, prime plus three percent. That's higher than a bank would give you that's her own government, but that's a choice of mr. Trudeau and on the flip side, that's three billion dollars he's taken from students, but on the flip side, what does he do for corporations? Well, last year last year there was six billion dollars in corporate loans owed to the government. Guess what he did with those loans he forgave them. He wrote them off. Look at that conscious, right there. This is mr. Trudeau who claims to be helping young people out. He took he picked the pockets of young people to the tune of three billion and he gave corporations six billion dollars by waving loans. That's the contrast right, that's the contrast we have, and you know seniors seniors- are worried because their health care needs are becoming more and more and it's harder hard to pay for medication, so costly and here's another really concrete example of what mr. Trudeau does he promised in 2015 to lower the cost of medication and- and he promised to do something very simple- there is a board that sets the prices for medication. They said give us a new list of countries that we can compare to and we can drop the price of medication for Canadians. Just give us a new list, we're not allowed to do it on our own. You've got to legislate, it legislate a new list of countries and we can drop the price of medication. Mr. Trudeau promised to do it, but four years passed and he didn't do it, he promised in 2015. So what? Why did he break that promise? And then we started looking to see well what happened? Why did he break that promise? Well guess what happened over the past 4 years guess who he met with? He met with the big pharma lobbyists. The insurance lobbyists who tried to lobby em say no, no, don't drop the price of medication, don't bring in free Pharma care. It's gonna hurt our profits. Guess how many times he met with his government. Mr. Trudeau's government guess how many times they met with the big pharma insurance lobbyists together, total rough guess, 50, that's a lot of times. 30 even higher 800 is close. If you, if you put together the Big Pharma and the land, the insurance lobbyists that the times they met with the Liberal government over the past four years that we can count because it's all registered we've counted. Our researchers have counted eight hundred and seventy five times. So it comes as no surprise that the abandon of the promise to lower the cost of medication, but guess what he did right now, guess what we're in right now our election period, guess what mr. Trudeau likes to do during election periods, promises and lies kind of both right. He made a promise to lower the cost of medication by doing exactly what he promised to do in 2015. How can we believe him? How can we believe him? That's really what it comes down to exactly, and the thing is, is that you know mr. shears gonna now say: Mr Shearer just announced today, oh I'm, gonna, I'm gonna, stop giving money to the wealthy corporations come on who's, gonna believe that who's gonna believe that mr. mr. sheer and his government have consistently given the most billions and billions of dollars to the wealthiest corporations and the wealthiest Canadians, that's what they do and when they do that they cut taxes for the wealthy, okay guess what else they cut, they cut services that people need and we don't need to look further than Ontario and Toronto families have to pay for it. Let's look at what mr. Ford has done. He said he was for the people, but who was he really for for the powerful corporations he cut services? He cut their taxes and cut services for families. We've got massive cloud sizes, education being cut, healthcare is being cut, but we've got a different way. We're done with liberals and conservatives taking Canadians for granted right we're done with that. We're done with no more worry, we've got a new deal for people, a new deal that says: we've got the courage to take on big pharma. We've got the courage to take on the insurance industry and say you know what we're gonna make sure. If you need medication in our country, you use your health card, not your credit card. That's what we're gonna do and you know we're gonna say we said today we announced today a really bold plan, something I'm really excited about. You know. There's one in three Canadians have no coverage when it comes to dental care right. We know that at least four point: three million people well, four point: three million Canadians are brothers and sisters. You know our family people very close to us do not get the care they need because they can't afford it. So what we announced today is immediately within the first 100 days of a new democratic government, we're gonna put in place some me that completes Tommy Douglas his dream, not just dental care, but dental care, dental care, our plan. Our plan will immediately cover everyone who makes less than $70,000 a year who doesn't have public or private coverage will be covered immediately. With our plan, it's government funded public coverage for everyone who needs it under $70,000 immediately I was when I first announced this I was telling folks I was getting goose bumps, like I, think about the people that could benefit this from this right now, I met families and I met people who say you know what I'm making an OK living I'm getting by, but I just don't have enough money to to worry about my dental care cuz. It's just cost too much and our plan for a family. That's got four people in the family that needs to get cleanups and checkups, and maybe one or two people that need to get. Maybe a filling done. Our plan would save that family $1,200 a year. It's a massive savings, some real savings, my friends I put at you again, you know at the end of the day we can make a big difference. We can make sure young people have a brighter future. We can take on the climate crisis. We can invest in health care, we can make sure people have affordable bills when it comes to their cell phone, which are paying the highest in the world we can take on the big telecom we can take on the big pharma cuz, we're not in it for the rich, we're in it for people we're in it, for you, that's what we do and with and with great champions like our candidates. We have here today with our great Kent champions like Maria and and japhet and Andrea the whole team and this community and the surrounding areas. We're gonna, elect new Democrats and we're gonna fight for a better future. I'm gonna do that together. Let's make it happen. Some questions now some reason uh questions. So if you'd like to ask our leader a question, please let me know: cuz I'm the boss, here now, okay who'd like to ask a question: yeah: okay, how are you going to do that? There were some kids who got a letter going home that they had to have their teeth, that do visit a dentist because they couldn't afford it right. So that was like 20 years ago. So what are you gonna? Do that's gonna change, okay, I'm gonna. Tell you exactly what to do so. Thank you very much the question just to repeat a real quickly. How are we gonna do this? The question is: how are we gonna make sure people get this coverage this this plan that we're talking about and I want to make this really clear it's about choices, so governments have choices that they make. There is obviously limited resources, but there's certain priorities now, I'm gonna give you an example of what mr. Trudeau did with the limited resources. We have there's only so much money we have to spend and what does the government do with that money? That's the question they do what's in their priority, so they've got a set of priorities. They go okay. What are our priorities? We're gonna spend money on those priorities. I'm gonna give you an example of just tally this with me what mr. Trudeau spent last year. So in the fall economic statement, that's just last year in the fall 2018 and the fall economic statement. Mr. Trudeau put forward a massive giveaway to corporations, he gave them basically 14 billion dollars and he gave 14 billion dollars to the richest corporation, so they could buy corporate jets and limousines. It was written in the fall economic statement, corporate tax cut that was basic, giving 14 billion dollars away. He paid 14 billion dollars to the corporations. He bought a pipeline for 4.5 billion dollars, we're almost at 20 billion dollars right now, right, that's 20 billion dollars. I just mentioned that he wrote off the loans for corporations in the to the tune of six billion dollars, we're getting up to twenty six billion dollars. Guess how much this plan would cost to cover everyone who doesn't have any coverage who earns less than $70,000 a little bit less, actually very close? Actually, that's a good guess: 856 million dollars so less less than a billion dollars. So that's it that's the contrast. We make better choices. Who else has a question? Sir Reverend sky I get a mic to you. Our city is besieged by gun. Violence I walked with mothers and families who lose their kids to conveyance and there's no care for them after they have gone through the trauma. What specifically, will you do, or will your government do to provide care for youth, the families and communities after they've gone through that trauma? Thank you for the question. Thank you. It's a very serious question because we are faced with a pretty serious epidemic here and here in Toronto, specifically in Toronto, and it hurts to see the stories when they come on the news. We lose young people, families get torn apart because of the loss and it hurts to hear that and it hurts those families, and you touched on over the important part after that horrible loss. Then the families are left to pick up the pieces and often they don't know what to do. It's really really tough, and so it's a complex question and I don't want to assume that I know all the answers, because it's very complex but there's a couple things I know we need to do. There's supports that. We need to put in place for families and those supports. Aren't there right now, so, when we talk about head to toe health care coverage in that, we need to also recognize that there's a big gap when it comes to counseling and support services and mental health services dealing with the stress and the trauma and that's why what we believe is what's missing in our health care system where people are telling me is there's not enough focus on on those supports, and so when we talk about including medication coverage for all dental care for all, we also include those support, services or families. That means mental health services and those supports the families need when they go through these difficult times. We believe in putting that into the healthcare system. Question. Yes, sir. What are you gonna do with the pipeline that robot well? First off, we wouldn't about the pipeline in the first place, that was a bad decision and we certainly what we've committed to. We certainly don't believe it should be expanded and vote. Very recently. The BC Court has now again said that the the decision-making around allowing it or proving it is flawed, something we already knew. They again now have ruled that there's problems with it and that project again is now going to be challenged. So mr. trudeau just doesn't seem to get it. This project should not go ahead. The the Trans Mountain, what it does is. It goes through into a coastal area where it puts the coastal community at risk, the coastline of BC, which is a beautiful, pristine coastline. The diluted, bitumen, that's being transported, no one knows how to clean it up, so one oil spill could result in a massive devastation to the environment, to the coastline and to thousands of workers. So our position is very clear. We need to stop the expansion should not go ahead with it. It is not the right thing to do. You have a question, sir okay question here: okay, it's so bad sure sure I'll talk about it. Yeah we're gonna have one of them. Might we really get the question so I'll? Just repeat it for folks, question was on car insurance and my question was on carbon tax. So let me talk about both those first off. The only reason why I know a lot about the insurance issues, cuz I was provincial and we put up a big fight because what's happened in Ontario is a lot of what's happening at the federal level. The government in Ottawa, whether they've been liberal or conservative, and recently the government's in Ontario, liberal and conservative, have made a whole bunch of laws that benefit the people at the very top. So in the case of auto insurance, every law that was made when I got into office I remember every single law that was being made, Liberals brought it in now, conservatives are bringing in kept on benefiting insurance companies on hurting families allowed them to make more and more profits and people to get less coverage, but to be paid more for it. Imagine that we say you know we're gonna charge more for the movie ticket, but you can only watch half the show it's pretty much, what they are doing, they're charging us more and more and they're ripping us off eventually essentially and they're they're, covering us less. So what it's going to take is someone with the courage to stand up and I can tell you Andrew Horvath, the interior, New Democratic leader and the entire Ontario New Democratic team. Have the courage to do that. They're gonna stand up and then we're gonna win another question coming up, but before that it's wanted to touch on the the carbon tax. What what we know is that there is a price to pollution when companies pollute when pollution goes into the air. When pollution goes into the water, we all pay the price. It means the water is not clean means. The air is not clean to breathe and it's a real thing. I've seen I met a young mom in NBC and because of climate crisis. The hotter temperatures the longer summer is the hotter summers. Forest fires are raging in BC more than ever before. Just to give you a concept of what it means in BC, what it means is because of forest fires are so intense and so long. The past two summers in a row - the last one but the one two ones before that the summers were so long and so hot the forest fires are so bad that doctors recommended people not to go outside and breathe the air. So when I asked her mom what she was most worried about, she said she's worried about the future for her baby, but she was worried about the following summer, because she's worried I found some days whether or not her child could breathe the air. So if you look at that mom and look at that baby in the eyes and say to them, is there a price to pollution? Yeah there is. There is a price, but the way that price should be applied should not exempt the biggest polluters. What mr. Trudeau has done, the biggest polluter should pay. Their fair share. Families should be supported, but the biggest polluters have to pay their fair share. My question is the young children. I am a mother with five children leave this area. I am very supportive for Maria, my children, they graduate most of them, but they cannot afford to leave my house. Oh yes, for the cannot afford rent. They cannot be a house. They cannot even thinking about marriage because mom what we can do. We live better here solution. My other question is the hope car is covering only the hospital bed yeah that I never knew until my son get leukemia time ago, 70 years ago. Sorry- and no it's finished now it's a life of twenty years old, he's doing good, but that day I discover that the oil car is not covering the medication. The chemotherapy, nothing I was surprised. They told me mom, you have insurance that time. We were working a cash, we didn't have insurance, we were in welfare, they push you to go to welfare because, if he's not covering the medication in the hospital, how you can have a medication outside of those. Thank you for the questions. Thank You mats can I see. Matt Senate can I see. Thank you, Matt Senate, med Senate's for the question, and it's going in fian, okay, good! Thank you. So much, though, for your question. You touched on two big ones, one. It was very funny the way you said it about the housing. Kids can't leave the house you're right. It's too hard, they're comfortable, but I mean really. They can't afford it's. It's too expensive. They can't leave, and and parents are like they're happy to have their kids, but they also want them to spread their wings in and be able to find their own place. Maybe parents really want them to go more than yeah, but the reality is the kids want to go to, but they can't afford it, and- and but this is a very serious thing- hey kids can't afford to find a place because what's happened in our country for the past thirty years, the federal government has neglected its job. If you look around every community, not just Toronto, but across Canada, where there was affordable housing where there's cooperatives where people can go and live there with affordable rents, you could be a young student or a young family or you could be a senior where there was affordable, housing, nonprofit housing or not for mark and not market non market housing. These housing units that are affordable that people can live in with dignity and their quality great places. They were built up until the 90s. What happened in the 90s? The federal government stopped funding these projects. So for 30 years the federal government stopped building, affordable homes, and now we have a housing crisis, but it's not a surprise. It's because of a decision and again I want to bring back to the choices. The government in Ottawa, liberal and conservative had choices, and they chose to cut taxes for the corporations make sure there was big loopholes for CEOs. They let them send money offshore you've heard of offshore tax havens. Billions of dollars go there they're choosing this. This is not a by chance. Oh, it just happened. It's a choice: they're choosing not to build a housing they're choosing not to address a crisis. Mr. Trudeau chose through this. He made a big announcement. He said: I'm gonna, build housing, guess what we found out. In fact, the Parliamentary Budget Office found out that mr. Trudeau is spending less on housing than even mr. Harper. Did the parliamentary budget found that he spent 19 percent less on housing and percentage of GDP than mr. Harper, so he's actually spending less on housing? We're gonna? Do it differently, we're gonna, say housing is a priority. It's something that should be a right. We are gonna, build half a million new, affordable homes, so young people, however, buy future where housing is affordable. We're going to take on speculators, the foreign, the foreign investors, who put money into Canada thinking our houses are like a stock option or like stock markets. We're gonna end that by putting in a foreign buyers tax if you're a permanent resident or a citizen you can buy, but if you're buying from afar there's gonna be a big tax to make sure we stop and discourage that we is really good at keeping the questions going. I like that, we gotta bring you to all. We got to bring you to the next town, okay, so, first of all welcome to Humber River community. Thank you. I have a question. It's a different kind of question: it's a courage, validation, question! Okay, so we have examples where we have countries South the border who build on who believe on building walls and basically pitting one person against somebody else. As Canadians, we have like a reputation of helping and welcoming every single person. I just need to know how courageous you are to stand up in front of those parties who have policies which support anti-immigration a great question. I really appreciate it. I've said it again and again and I'm happy to say it now: I will unequivocally defend the beauty of our country as a place. That's built on immigration, that's built on people coming here and choosing Canada as our home. That makes us stronger. That makes us more beautiful that builds up a better country and I've called out people that are divisive. That spread messages that are hateful things like saying: there's a fear of mass immigration or blaming refugees for problems see what happens is when people don't have housing. We talked about housing when people don't have jobs that help pay the bills that help make ends meet when corporations make massive amounts of money, the economy's going so well, but people aren't benefiting from that economy. What happens is some political leaders are going to come around and say? Oh, you know whose fault it is? It's a new immigrants fault. It's that refugees fault. When really it's a fault of governments that chose to benefit the people at the top and hurt everyone else, it's their fault. It's corporations, its corporations that are exploiting workers, it's their fault. So we want to make sure that the right target is there and I'm gonna make sure every single time I get I say it is not immigrants fault? It's not new Canadians, it's not refugees, its decisions that governments have made that are benefited and profited powerful corporations that have heard Canadians. That's what we target our energy. Let's get you the mic, give us one sec, Mike's coming around yeah he's gonna reach it over to you. Okay, okay. I got two questions. One is this gun control, cuz they're, killing people senseless, killing, I'm turning it and if you, if you're in power, if you win government, what what are you going to start doing if you become Prime, Minister Cano? What what? What were you first tackle was the gun, the gun, control, massive gun, killing? Okay, thank you! So much I gotta, say Maria's, really good. What's going on in Toronto like it's it's hard to read those stories right like every time. We read those stories on the news where we see the news and we hear about another another gun violence incident where someone's lost her life. It hurts us to see that it hurts us because we love our city. I love this city, it's a city, I was I, was born in Toronto, I love, this city and anytime. I see those stories it makes me feel so sad to see that and I think about the bright young life they get stolen from us. You know what that young person could have done. It hurts to hear that so there's a again. This is a complex thing. It's not like. We can do one thing to solve gun violence, but there's a couple things we can do right. There's a couple things. We can do one of the things that we've said. If a city asks for the right to be able to ban handguns, we should allow that city the right to do so. We should give the city the right to do so and- and we will make and that's our commitment- we will make the legislative changes that allow cities like Toronto, where the mayor and the council have said about something they want to do- will give the power legislatively to the city to do that. The second thing, though, is a more complex question. We know we've met with experts, people in communities who say we know the solutions. We know what we need. Our young people don't see a bright future. Our young people are worried, they're they're, afraid, and they go down a bad path because they have no hope and when someone has no hope they come desperate and when someone's desperate and they're hurting they lash out, and so the root cause of violence is very complex. I don't want to act like I know all the answers to this. It's very complex, but we know that if we invest in communities give young people a bright future make sure they've got a good place to live a quality place they can afford. If they can get jobs, if they can get education, we can build up their bright future. We can move into a positive direction. We know we can do I'd like to speak to you about affordability of buying a home, so I have a young family and I rent. It's a lot of money, but we would like something more. We would like our kids to stay in the city. We love this city, it's where I was born, where my children were born, but the affordability in the city to even buy a home for families who are trying saving trying to get there. The new laws that came out with the help from the government initiatives for first-time homebuyers don't even affect the GTA because of the market yeah, it's very strong. We know that. But what can the government do and the NDP government do to help families who want something more than just renting and having continual rent increases? Do they want to own? They want to stay where they are and enjoy their communities York southwestern all the way. I like you took that from really serious housing. You know importance of housing. Then you slip in your blessing. That's how we do so I mean you touched on something. It's really important. I think many people in this room will all agree that they they're worried about that. Whether they have housing, they're worried about their kids, then- and maybe they don't have people in this room. Don't have housing either or are in the same position where they're renting and they want something more stable. So this again is is a bigger problem, but there is there's ways to solve it and I'm confident we can solve it if you make the right choices, so there's there's kind of two parts to it. There's. How do we control that the housing prices are going up so fast? There is, how do we provide some relief and then, thirdly, how do we help first-time homebuyers? So there's three parts to it, so the first part is to get at the root cause why our housing price is going up so fast. We found there's two things that we can control I touched on it, but let me just get in more details, so what people are doing? It's it's massively impacting Vancouver and BC, but it's actually also happening here in Toronto, so because Toronto has a stable housing market and housing prices are going up. There's foreign investors that are just dropping money and buying homes here, they're buying condos, here and they're just sitting on it and it's driving up the cost of housing. It's speculation, so we are proposing to stop that BC actually put in place a foreign buyers tax and it worked it actually brought down the price of housing. It's working. We want to bring that national, so I would put in place in national foreign buyers tax so that we can stop that upward. Rising pressure on housing, that's becoming out of control, it's literally out of control. So that's one step. The second one is money laundering. Now money laundering is actually also contributing to the rising cost of housing. They said it's at least 5% that they can count in BC, but there's much more that we can't actually count so money laundering is something that the federal government should and can tackle, but we haven't actually seen our government do that. Mr. Trudeau I asked him the question actually in Parliament just just a couple months ago, when we were in part, my I asked him. Why is nothing being done to tackle money laundering? There's a department for money laundering, but you haven't actually hired anyone in the department and they have and there's a budget for it, but no one's using the budget to do the job. It's the government's fault and I guess what mr. Trudeau said to the question: he didn't respond, no surprise but I mean so we would make sure that that department was funded and was given a clear mandate to tackle money laundering. And finally, when we look at countries around the world where housing is affordable, there is a rental opportunity, that's affordable, so right now, I want to rent or buy it's almost the same price like the mortgages and the rental fees are almost the same. So it's driving pressure on making it hard to own a home, so countries actually have invested in non-market housing, a cooperative housing, so you can have a place to live, that's quality, that's affordable and the rent is very low and that way you can save up. If you want to buy your own or if you want to stay there, you can stay there, but you have the security of knowing you can stay in that place for as long as you need, and that's also the fear when you're renting you never know. What's gonna happen if the landlord changes their mind, if they do a renovation, something happens and you lose your place. So what we're proposing is non-market, affordable quality housing, a cooperative housing where you can live there for as long as you want and that way, it'll create more opportunities for people to either rent affordably or safe to buy their own place and then, finally, when it comes to buying their own place, one of the changes that people have asked for is a longer time to pay back the mortgage, so they can have smaller payments, so we're gonna introduce that and we're gonna double the first-time homebuyers tax credit to help people out. But it's really the the whole solution, we're not thinking of just one. It's that whole package. That's gonna really solve this problem thanks you thank you being a camera. Unfortunately, we have time for only one more question: Evelyn where'd you go there. You are last question: er, okay, so um we've been talking a lot about the problem, some more I'm wondering about solutions now, so in our community, unemployment is a big problem and the housing crisis all those things. But we see we seem to be relying on creating employment right well, what's happening with creating like part-time jobs and low-wage jobs. What ideas do you have like a certain like I'm gonna present, an alternative like where, as the large companies can go to a bank and negotiate a loan, how about a guarantee for law people with lower wages, lower income savings? How about a guarantee for them when they have the ideas to go forward to the bank, something like? Oh, you have a guarantee for the student loan. So how about having that? For working-class people? What are you ideas on them? Thank you very much. The question. Thank you to build jobs, I think it's essential. We've got to be able to have a strategy to create jobs and they've got to be long-term permanent quality jobs because you're, absolutely right what's happening, is more and more job. Creation means part-time, precarious, unstable, unpredictable jobs and that doesn't help build communities. It makes that makes life very uncertain for a lot of people and there's probably a lot of people in this room that work jobs that they don't know if they're gonna be able to keep and that unpredictability makes you afraid for the future and it's hard to build a future. When you don't know if you're gonna have your job, so what we're proposing is we want to use our dollars our public dollars, use them very seriously and make investments in communities to create jobs. One example: we know that there's a climate crisis people are worried about that. So we've got a plan to tackle the climate crisis, but also create jobs and they're gonna, be long-term, stable quality jobs. What we're hoping to do is our commitment is a retrofit. Every building and every home in Canada those jobs will happen in communities. Those retrofit javis mean those those who go in energy audit, so the people that go into the home and it what needs to be done. The people that install the insulation or the windows or the solar panels, those who sell and distribute those materials. These are jobs created in communities. They can't be sent offshore, they have to happen in communities. So that's one idea and then, finally, on your idea about having access to entrepreneurs who want to be able to set up their own company, we've got to make it easier he's right now, I, remember my brother, we started a small business and when he tried to do it, it was so complicated, there's so many steps and he couldn't get funding. It makes it really hard. We wouldn't encourage entrepreneurship, make it easier for people who want to take that jump in and start their own business and start their own idea. So it's got to be easier. We've got to find the easier ways for people to access capital. To start up that company we've got to find easier ways for people to get supported, less barriers, less complication to actually starting it, making it streamlined. I. Remember my brother he's a lawyer and he had to write all these documents and prepare all these materials, and he's like this is so complicated. This is like a this is like a law case, not just starting up a business, and that's that's hard right like how are you gonna encourage business if it's so hard to fill out the paperwork so I agree with you and we've got to do a lot better. We have one last one up, there I think yeah. We got to figure out a way to do that so I'm, a I'm gonna, look at mental health treatments for all Canadian yeah. It's a great question first question. Thank you. It's really fitting that a young person asking because this is a growing concern like mental health, we're seeing it more and more people are having you know, concerns having some serious problems and they're not getting the help they need. So we know we talked today about our heads to health care coverage. I'm really proud of the fact we won't include medication coverage. That's gonna help. In some cases we talked about a dental care, dental care for four people for Canadians. Our plan is to make it universal, we'll start with our first step for those who make seventy thousand or less, but it doesn't end there because they want to have it truly head to toe health care coverage. We've got to include hearing and vision care. We also have to include mental health services and that's what's been really missing in our health care system, and that means providing the support. So people can get the mental care they a mental health care they need, it might also mean- and it definitely means help for addictions and rehabilitation, services and counseling. These have to be included in our healthcare system and right now, it's a massive gap, so people are falling through the crops cracks because there's no there's no supports there. It's not available, so we're gonna. Take that very seriously. It's a part of our commitment. We want true complete comprehensive head-to-toe health care, including mental services. Thank you so much. Thank you so, on a scale of one to ten, how did he do? Thank you. Thank you for coming out and meeting the leader. Jack meat sing is real. The NDP is a real contender and in this riding we are ahead and we are going to win and thank you so much Maria again, you're amazing, I'm gonna bring you to all my town halls. You get things moving along. It's awesome thanks again to everyone that was here today. Uh everyone for being here, I, really appreciate it. We're gonna answer some questions from the media, but I just want you to stay. Put first off, it's a it's! A good luck! You know for the yeah you'll get on the news. Maybe your friends have found me we'll see you all there and, like oh I, saw you but we're gonna I want to meet with you laughter, it's, oh! So, stick around we're gonna, take some pictures and hang out and spend some time together. So hang tight and we're gonna take some questions right here. Okay, here he goes from the media, I mean hi mr. Singh, it's Annie Bergeron Oliver, with CTV national news, hi Annie. There is a story just breaking in Time magazine. It says that Justin Trudeau wore brown face back in 2001 at an Arabian Nights party when he was teaching at a private school. The Prime Minister's office has confirmed that this was mr. Trudeau in the photo. They say it was an arabian night and it was back in 2001 before he was prime minister before he was a politician, I'm wondering what you think about this. What your initial reaction is to this story in time. Well, it's troubling I mean it's really, it's insulting anytime. We hear examples of brown face or black face, saying it's really it's it's. It's making a mockery of someone for what they live and what the relived experiences are. I think he needs to answer for it. He's got to answer the question why he did that and what does that say about what he thinks about people who, because of who they are because of the color of skin, faced challenges and barriers and obstacles in their life? Racism is real. People in this room have felt it I've heard the stories I've experienced in my life he's got to answer those questions. The Justin Trudeau is expected to address the media tonight that are traveling with him on the election campaign, I'm wondering what you would like to hear from him and what you think that he should be saying to the public I think what what this shows is something that that we've seen some examples of now. It seems to be a pattern. Behavior, we see one mr. Trudeau in public that seemed I'll be honest with he seems really nice right, very friendly, very warm in public, but in behind closed doors he seems like it's a different mr. Trudeau, behind closed doors, we saw at a private fundraiser when activists who were saying that our community is being poisoned by mercury people from grassy narrows they put up a sign, saying: hey, our communities are being poisoned. What are you gonna do about the fact that people are dying in our community that are suffering because the mercury poison he mocked him and said. Thank you for your donation, while the crowd of wealthy fundraisers, the attendees of the fundraiser, clapped on and jeered these protesters I mean on one hand. He says that indigenous communities are are the most important relationship, but then behind closed doors he mocks people, they didn't attack him. They said our people are suffering from mercury poisoning and he mocked those people. I mean what type of behavior does that show from a prime minister who mocks people who were who are saying this I want to say who is the real? Mr. Trudeau is that who we see in public or the one behind doors that forgives loans for corporations, but makes students pay three billion dollars? Who is a real mr. Trudeau? Is it the one behind closed doors? The one we know the cameras are turned off and when no one sees is that the real mr. Trudeau? Because more and more that seems like it is a farce? Amy she sings to Lezak CEO. He sounded happy ma, Sutra Dukie that do Miller. Voter reactions are so nationally. Danka Sapolsky la la satin concasse uncle la best vendor support settlement, eoghankelly policy question Pascal, Lee Hongki from fasciitis is mo sin upon black simplicity by implied form Watterson, mommy, beaucoup de jeunesse, esch shop, awful fast, the DVD, / hadees obstacle course. The Hasidim don't keep on scattering black says he packs up table body to don't info a pound or casio a shouldn't see pocket as Kim. Oh dear me, sitting on calcium, instructive main personal man passed around the computer. Now she muskie Senate by moi. May she pounced see Freeman gonca stone, that's a key lovely Monsieur, Fudo basket: Donna public jeopardy. Okay, I'm assembly, conquer K come a sample Dejan T on public me the year. The pot for me said to gigantic Aramis your Trudeau, a daily conquer Paris. You only call multinational Cal Cal ki ki, a Aki nee Kia tacky, nilly lazy, only militant key disc, a donor community low et presently took Ella tackiness Asia hello, la ilahe, as on Kiki I am problem. This auntie donk Devon, don't have Wibbly, kill me. So true, though me they are here. They Potter me again autumn. Co2 no see party to observe table me set certain pattern: si mama certain continuation, the his action killer. He these action, c'mon, kill NEPA circle ad in a palaver, a Justin Trudeau, Aquila Montreal, public security on the differ ha Cal can kini Paula, Paula Zahn, thanks so much by a 4-barrel folks, okay, mister seen the this is fairly well is from Amica I used to work for Hispanic newspaper here, but now I Nestor Tina, a new digital website dedicated to remove immigrants in Canada immigration hasn't been an issue in the last federal relations, but this time around it seems that it's gonna take some kind of relevance, especially because mr. Bernier is now attacking immigration to Canada. There are a few people who are there to defend the contribution of immigrants to Canada. What is your proposal in terms of number of immigrants coming to Canada, helping those immigrants to settle down here in Canada as smoothly and being able to cooperate to contribute at their fullest? Yes, thank you very much. So, first off we need immigration in Canada immigration has built up this country. We need it, it's something that helps our economy, it's something that gives us richness to our society. It's the reason why we have such an incredibly diverse room right now. That's a strength of Canada. It's a beautiful thing and I reject anyone who makes a threat or makes a fear or creates a fear around mass immigration. That is false. That is a lie, and that creates hatred and it creates divisions and that's wrong, and when and when it comes to the number I mean as many as we possibly as our country can accommodate. We need immigration and something that helps our country out. So we look at what makes the most sense, there's, obviously, a balance between making sure we can welcome new arrivals to Canada. There's the right supports in place. So when people come to Canada they can they can contribute their best. They can be a part of societies want to make sure that the right service is in place. We also want to make sure that people who come here with international training international experience that training and that international experience is very valuable to Canadians. They can contribute not just for themselves but for all of us, and we know that because the current system does not recognize those talents and that experience they're missing out the new arrivals are missing out and we're missing out on what they could offer. We've got to do a much better job of recognizing the international talents and experience that people come with. Bonjour economist, you sing Madame me what we are known that had you Canada or opposed allocations. Telomere of war between aliens, avec, leur, NPD, l, ' apology allocation motion model, S curve of ye impossibility in aliens have a clip at severe I, see we don't seek a comedy G Salman DK party avec, like occasional pat hawaii, said I caused Lathika, Masood, Monsieur, shear and Nepali member acam, one like a Yankee counter made Waddell a person, edoardo fem danke Costas, a GD. No at Hawaii became Monsieur. Shear me she pray seek a cave, I'm a PE, the Metra nerve, less one down, Turkana proposed e, see Cal. Can I play the methanol licensed medical mark on a proposed e ck? I played that quebec new posit a key like risky. Maneuver or discussion just be over or conversación. Thank you very much. Miss Opoku Thank You team, Thank, You Anthony. Thank you to our great candidates. Thank you to you, our team. They make everything possible. Thank you very much. Let's hang out.