Just give us a quick second here: how's it going everybody first off kind of kind of missed you all I'm, not gonna lie well. My mom gave birth but said my own put me no book MSE. So we had a great chat today with our caucus. I want to put it out there that we, we have some priorities that we've laid out to Canadians. Those priorities remain our priorities. There are things that we're gonna fight very hard to deliver for Canadians we're gonna push to make sure that this government understands that they need our support to deliver on national programs that are gonna, lift people up and we're going to continue to fight. For those things all the same priorities we laid out. We need to work honestly towards reconciliation. We need to make sure we invest in healthcare. We had a great shot today about how important dental care is and how many Canadians saw. That plan is something that would have changed our life dramatically and how Canadians need it and we're gonna continue to fight for that. We know that Canadians are struggling with affordability, and that means making sure people can find a home to live in and making sure that we tackle the high cell phone and internet bills that Canadians are faced with we're gonna continue to work hard to deliver a real action on reducing our emissions to fight the climate crisis. We know that Canadians expect us to continue to help young people, students that are living with massive debt and our plans to tackle that or something that we're going to continue to fight for, and we know that when it comes down to it, we want a signal really clearly to this government our priorities, so we're gonna put forward two things right now: we're challenging the government on two things. The first challenge is we're gonna put forward our first bill, which would be a framework to put in place universal, publicly delivered single-payer farming care for all, that's going to be our first legislation and our second challenge in the spirit of true reconciliation. Our second challenges to the government to immediately drop the appeal of the Human Rights Tribunal decision of indigenous kids, getting equal funding. We're asking them to drop that right now. Mr. Trudeau made it sound like this is something he had to do, because it was during the midst of a campaign. But more and more it's coming to light that it was there their intention all along to appeal this decision, and that is the wrong thing to do. Sydney, Blackstock and activists have been working long and hard demanding a basic element of respect and dignity. That's indigenous kids should get equal funding and we're gonna continue to fight for that. Don't go priority. First mm of our continued a diluted, the said bubbleisha on a palatal importance and Asante the the honda, the elusive double the c'mon professor, like his climatic reconciliation, a deal easy to do metadata to the aunt a on fat on Papa's a do shows de Maintenon, the DV paulo governor mo sukham proposed a de Maintenon. A cordial wa see the matter of the copis, a modular cat who llamas can obtain a she owns, firmly asean, mythical, more universal, hey, dizzy, I'm dizzy mo, not Haditha, say the math convivial governor mo the architectured sweet lapel de la decisión, the criminologist, the criminal, a person Canadian should sweet, acapella decision, Givaudan, l as justice police on 4 october, and really questions. What is your message to those outgoing and he's who lost in quebec? Do you take responsibility for the loss there, and and how are you going to work on addressing support for your party while I'm proud of the campaign that we ran and our positive message and our hopeful message for canadians asking them not to settle for less but to dream? Bigger, I'm, very proud of the work that we all put in and my incredible team I'm not satisfied with the results, and that means that we need to work continue to work hard to. Let the folks in Quebec know that if you want a progressive voice, it's going to be able to bring together progresses from the rest of Canada with Quebec. It's us New Democrats are going to do that. We're gonna, continue work really hard in all elections, there's an exciting element where you bring in some new members and I'm really honored to have a number of incredible new MPs. It's also a challenging and difficult part of of elections when you lose great colleagues and and we've lost some good colleagues as well, I'll give one follow-up and then I'll go to well I'm gonna, listen, I'm, gonna, listen to what they have to say. It's important to hear them out, they're, also proud of the campaign we run. But clearly you know, there's more work to be done and in Quebec I want to make sure the message is clear: I believe in the dream of Jacqueline to bring together progresses of Quebec with the rest of Canada I'm, going to continue to do that. Thank, You Audrey on Vivekananda Luba, clearly, deputy Stockton, partly avec becker, the circus opposite pond on elección ce qu'il ya de travail affair on CC kid ya in foundation. Okay, back it for continuing a manga, see monica schmeyer in language. Mutulu keep the table I for okay. Back on a large a me, a on seek a life after assam, Lily, Fergus, sister Canada Becker has to do Quebec, see Cactus Jack, a comma C over continuing one follow up and then and then okay, it's better you chilly. Why not right follow up circuit Jim excuse, don't care Seaver, dear Alexander boogies face in travail a SHINee incroyable juicy time of year. This one Hawaii that ha by the Sony kept Mitsuko affair. Second affair: Sanna Sanna hospice should mostly, they pulled lieutenant Quebec a chef, Ashwin, Alexander, Saracen, mapa and mossy circus truly keep on Valleyfair consumed Jana you design, gosh Monday, not I, kept at a few citizen. Okay, back a sama to share beaucoup LeFay Kelly is optimum Dena. Take a plea: mom the Kalama Botanic at a present, a vacuum on three okay on a lava lake, a bukkake because on a lovely progress system, comma continued, the FAFSA it has not reached out. But if, if mr. Trudeau wants to deliver on what Canadians want and it's very clear that Canadians want a universal farming care program, there is massive support for that public polling nationally. That shows a massive amount of support for that they want to deliver on that. They're gonna need our help to do it. They want to deliver on that dental care program, which also has received a lot of support and there's a lot of Canadians out there. We heard the stories from some my team today, people that you know walked up to one of our candidates: Jack Harrison, New, Zealand and said I. Look at my teeth: I can't get the cure for my teeth and I'm embarrassed to go to work, I'm embarrassed to apply for a job, and that should not be happening in a country as rich as ours, and so, if they want to deliver those type of services, they're gonna need our help if they want to deliver real action and I'm gonna make sure we force them to deliver a real action on the climate crisis. They're gonna need our help if they want to deliver a national strategy to reduce our emissions. They're gonna need us and we're ready to work, but we're gonna hold them to account because we're gonna demand real action. That's gonna benefit Canadians and real action. That's gonna tackle the problems that were faced with. Oh come on. Cece gee people don't deal occasion pour moi. Je pense que la Lu -. You still see important la capable coup d'etat by the celebri ella for kastlevilla voor de la campagne seat, a important defesa boom. One large ride, Aviva same important, dongsu, Jame, meexcuse palacio de vivre may say important who see the dr3 twisted sedum ashkani / -, the deputy at Ravello p. They see the mask on active duty, deputy okay back in saskatchewan, even work continued at Hobbit rifle pass, Casey important, the guard, a CCA schmao see the debauch representacion near democrat, don't say: continents Asia, sooo configured, we say the the Masonic a no priority. Last Lima Duncan were considered sabab Philippe. They clearly take on additional singing Don. Thank you. Long live Amol education late that onion su condiment Anansi, the montre. No clarity dementing improve on CC priority on a digit up concrete assay, exact Masuka proposal. Judy see the advanced ele priority back to set up uncie defeat. Al Qaeda le palais du z Mozilla pose Aloha, who uncle Trey come on / le divan avec la science, medicament Universal. Young second do should we say NEPA command with a veil, Anka Daisuke Jaffe. Could we see the proposed E, not Kimiko Shinhwa, it does the amount, the mask and II feel given a model available. A say-so qu'il, faut faire cela, governor freeman, veux voir la reconciliation una in top kpop condiment, a no sassy de ikita label on commence alexa on Vivaldi negotiation de l'avenir, a Geneva Bible says negotiation, Donna public major motion e suceava, fair, a she mostly does it appear upon we're in a good financial position. We had great results out of the part of the campaign record, fundraising, - 2015, but great results and we're cut we're gonna continue to work hard. What we're gonna do in this election or in this campaign is to fight hard for the priorities that we put out and let Canadians know they can count on us to fight for them. I'm not gonna deal with hypotheticals in terms of what's gonna happen until we see the throne speech but I'm ready to let Canadians know where we stand and that's why we're putting out our first project our first bill, private member's bill is gonna, be on how we move forward with universal pharmacare and our second challenge to the government. Is this drop the appeal? If you're serious about reconciliation drop, the appeal one fall, one follow up, one follow up and then we'll go there. Our first step is to put out our challenge and we're gonna put we're gonna build public pressure on this we're gonna. Let Canadians know that this is what we're saying should happen. A lot of Canadians wanted to see this government work with other parties. They need to work with other parties, we're putting out some clear conditions, some clear areas that we think need to be advanced, we're putting them out right now. What's well Yetta Yetta follow prayer, don't sue, conv mercy Shack! This is you know, a valley. We wanna pop him positions, Hoover Caskey igv, the Tsukiji field we supposedly seed. Is it up to advance in opportunity? Sassy Tsukiji proposed EOD just record a jet ecology. We continue to count so again: I'm, not gonna, negotiate lines in the sands in the public like this, what I can tell you is I've been firmly opposed to trans mountain I will be continued. I will continue to be opposed to it. Prime Minister! Is that because you didn't reach out because he didn't. Why haven't you spoken yet? We spoke once after the election. I congratulate him on the on the win, and he graduated me and after that, we've not spoken. We're open to conversations we're putting out our priorities were happy to have any conversations, I think so yeah one here, and then we know is that there was a big difference in terms of the final finding at the end of the night and then after some special ballots were open and there was a significant difference, and so we think, based on that, there's enough to have a judicial review. If you need more details, my team can follow up with more details. I, don't know what the results are going to be, but I think it's enough that we should definitely have a judicial review and that's why we've we've launched it. Yeah I think Canadians still want to know and I. Don't think it's an issue. That's that's finished. There's lots of opportunities, perhaps in committee, for these issues to be addressed and I. Think Canadians ought to know the the truth of what happened. Yes, yes, yes, we're gonna, take the questionnaire yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely and it's single-payer system is, is the way to go. What mr. Trudeau is proposing right now is not universal. Publicly deliver pharmacare. In fact, his own committee that he struck, headed by mr. doctor Hoskins, was one that that basically endorsed our position, that it's gotta be universal. It's got to be single-payer and it's got to be publicly delivered. That's what we believe is the right thing to do. That's what all the experts believe is the right thing to do. It's gonna, save families, lots of money and it's going to make sure people can get access to medication they need. This is the the logical step forward. We need to do it we're the only country in the world that has a universal health care system that doesn't include medication coverage. We've got to go forward with it, don't own a puffy value as you own specific, the sickest pass it exactly. Monkey Beck on Raphael evaluation. I want Hawaii for okie bat basket like a back seat. Elmo important, don't unravel evaluation, a trivial solution it continued at. However, nobody to Tsukiji be huge review: ok, back safeiy, Melancon, okay, on a commercial opinion, the beaucoup de mon Basque, a on a palliative valor, a UN concepción, beaucoup de junkie on did we miss you saying / - de valor', québécois Quebec was psychic rocky. You see me yadi DD fee on the evaluator comp affect me, see Claire keep on Donna campaign when I'm on take we're speaker, kinky diff'ent, come on Eduardo femme, Elijah, Liberty, -, wha she's, a phony committee, LGTBQ, speaker, caregiver, I, won't say this. This action concrete professor, like his climatic, don't on a mantra: cliche potage, the level of a lot continued, sob I, don't come back until you develop, rely on fairly evaluation on a swivel, a resolute ELISA. Well I mean I'm, proud of the fact where we started and where we ended up was a pretty incredible journey and there's things we need to do. There was a lot of fear based voting in Ontario and that fear-based voting really was difficult for us, where mr. Trudeau promised this would be the last election under the first-past-the-post system and then because he didn't change. It use the fear of the first-past-the-post system to get people to vote a certain way that worked in Ontario, because people are afraid of conservatives. Understandably so, but I want people to to vote, not out of fear. I want people to vote for hope, I, want people to vote for something and that's a message that I'm gonna have to work really hard to make sure Canadians know that they don't have to settle for Less. They don't have to buy into the the fear-based voting that the Liberals want to promote that Canadians deserve better and I'm gonna deliver better well, there always will be and I'm gonna get come out of with with an awesome result. I'm hoping yeah we're gonna figure out the details of that I can get back to you unless you know. But let me let me just finish the question so no I'm, confident that New Democrats saw this campaign and we're inspired thought that we ran a campaign that was filled with hope, fill of positivity and real concrete solutions for Canadians problems, and we made people at the heart of what we did and what I'm hearing from folks and for my team is folks, are proud of the campaign and we're gonna continue to work hard I got to introduce myself to Canadians and I think that they like what we stand for and I'm gonna continue to fight for them. There always is a are you talking about a leadership convention? There's always a review or something separate, yeah yeah. So there's always it's as a standard protocol. There's gonna be your review in the convention to defeat you later panagia axion. Second, a free pond on a campaign today and by extraordinary fidelity by me. You know super satisfy a clear izuta savage occurs. Over continued up, the jacksie began. You see, CH, okay, back Hagane toronto, Brampton leticia develop a Pascal Legion base when the new just say K on a lobster on progress policy on Kiva I, walk on a science me universe, ad giver avoid his emphasis. More Donna spend Asante silver bodies. Action conquered professor, like his climatic, say, newly New Democrat, don't just see Kelly genres when the new and what continues. However, many city city difficile, a beaucoup de trabajar hay on a Fiat car. Well, I. Disagree with that. I think that what's happening in Quebec is folks. I want to win over the hearts and minds of people and we're seeing that happening, because the bill is wrong. It's discriminatory it's wrong to discriminate people based on the way they look and when so many people believe it's okay to discriminate, someone it's my job to win over those people and show hey. That's not the way to go. If we want to make a society where there's a true separation of church and state, we can do that by protecting the rights of women by making it easier to have access to abortions by protecting LGTBQ communities and by showing listen I'm. Somebody who has a turban and a beard but I believe in fighting climate crisis, I believe in defending the rights of women, I believe in expanding those rights. I feel it's not good enough to just talk about those rights, but we got to expand them to make sure that there's access to abortion services everywhere in Canada and I'm, confident that that's going to work, and it's already shown to work in Quebec we're seeing people start to wonder. Maybe it doesn't make sense to discriminate people based on the way they look when someone that looks like me actually shares all their values and I'm confident. What we can do is to change people's mindsets on this and that's what I want to do. I want to win over people's hearts. So what I've said really clearly is there's a core challenge right now and I. Don't want to interfere with a core challenge, but I'm gonna fight. This I've been fighting it every single day and I'm happy to do it because I believe there's a lot of Canadians in this country that have been told that they can't do things, because the way they look they've been told that they don't belong because of the color, their skin or their beliefs and I believe that we need to build a country where everyone belongs, and this bill does not do that. It goes the wrong direction and I'm. Confident, though we can win people over and let them know that we can build a better world when we work together when we unite each other. Instead of dividing I mean if you saw the campaign, it was a pretty good job. Kami was it yeah I mean that's, life is sometimes it doesn't work out, but I mean we fought hard. We're gonna continue to fight hard, but, more importantly, listen I'm, not satisfied with the results. If you're asking me about that, I'm not I want more New Democrats elected New Democrats that Canadians need new Democrats. We make life better for Canadians, we fight for them and so yeah I'm, proud of the campaign I'm proud of the work that I put in I'm, proud of the work that my entire team put in, that our central campaign put in I'm, proud of their work, but I'm not satisfied. I'm, not gonna, be satisfied until we form a new democratic government. So if your question is, am I satisfied? No, we know that if mr. Trudeau wants to put in place anything national, that's progressive, he's gonna need our help for the national dental care program that we we put forward as an idea that Canadians really are getting inspired by. They think that would make their life better. He's gonna need to work with us to deliver it. We know that Canadians want it. There's been massive support for that initiative for action on reducing the cost of cell phone bills. He wants to do that. New Democrats are there to make that happen, we're ready to fight to make that a reality. So for pharmacare another example of something that he's talked about, but not really come on. Clearly, if he wants to deliver a universal pharmacare that single-payer and publicly delivered its New Democrats he's gonna need to work with. He needs to work with us if he wants to deliver on the things the Canadians are asking for and I'm ready to work with that see in a new question here, no I think it's clear you can't in Canada Canada has made it really clear that we have, as a country, are strong on the fact that a woman has the right to choose and or a person has the right to choose, and in fact that decision is between a person and their healthcare provider, and no one else has any business being involved. In that we know. It's really clear that in Canada we support LGTBQ rights and there is no there's no question, then that's where the majority Canadians are and that's a good thing, and you cannot have mr. shears beliefs and and be the Prime Minister of Canada of Canada. It's pretty clear what I'm fighting for people! The big differences is that mr. Trudeau has shown again and again that his priorities haven't been the things that people need he's prioritized, but but I want to make it as clear. This is important that was important because, because his priorities have been, you know when push comes to shove on pharmacare he's caved in to the pharmaceutical lobbyists. So the difference is I'm, not gonna cave in to them. I've made it clear. We need universal, publicly, delivered single-payer Pharma care for all. That's what we need. I'm gonna fight for that. Well, I'm sure Trudeau likes to talk about it during an election campaign. It's clear when he's pressured, he doesn't deliver. I'm, not gonna, cave in, and I'm gonna make sure that he delivers on what Canadians really want, which is a universal system. That's gonna, lift everybody up. Gkc on the metronome, see mr. Cheever metcon of the program national progress, cyst Ella, besoin de nuke, a scale we apathetic her down, Don Z these on Jackie Tuesday back, but that scalpel to V and a year vaccarelli block me see on Verma kind of kikuchiyo ski national, give a day to Limone. Given a delay, Canadian Canadian availabe see new Lobby on Pegasus Japan skis on DJ Deacon, a few cockroaches Prabha Yvonne series on Jackie to SH Lee Lucas to Canada the last question last question: who's, not ask a question here: anyone new any new question: if, if the government, if mr. Trudeau wants to deliver something, that's national and that's progressive, he needs to work with us. There's no one else. That's gonna work with them that can actually help pass a bill to deliver something like universal farming care. If he wants that, that's something that I believe in it's made. Mr. blonde che said he's not in favor of if you want to deliver it he's gonna work with us and we're gonna make sure it's Universal in public. It's pretty clear that he doesn't want to work with them on that yeah. Thank you! So much SC beaucoup. Thank everybody messy messy beaucoup! Thank you. You.