Well, you know I've been here, as you said a long long time ago, all the way back, - matter of fact. The person who kept me in the United States Congress after my wife and daughter, were killed, were Pete Z and Fritz Hollings. Everyone to talk me into it. So I've been down here a lot and and I think it's really important, because it's an incredibly diverse state- and it reminds me it's like you know a little bit about my state. My state is similarly diverse. We have the eighth largest african-american population in the country in my state and similarly set up like we're the PD rulers, the Delmarva Peninsula, very rural parts of my state too, so it's uh, I I, just feel comfortable. Here, there's been recent talk a little bit yourself in Iowa, lately I talked to Greg Schulz, your campaign manager about the same thing. There are several other states, though, that both before South Carroll yeah. So if there isn't a first-place finish in one or both of those states for you, what, then, how does that change? The importance of South Carolina, where you do have that strong support, but does it make it even more important if you don't come on to winds up there? Well, I I think we're gonna do very well in both those states. I know my my staff is always talking about. Well, you know we're gonna, but I I think we're gonna do very well in both those states and and I. Think that you know people talk about South kind of being a firewall, I kind of view. North Carolina, being a diving board is gonna catapult me into the Super Tuesday there. It is that I'm wanting the South from Georgia to Texas the Florida across the board and and in the meantime, California will already have had their primary and right now we're leading by a lot of points of against everybody in California. But look this is a this Samara thought I'd be if even if I knew I was going to win every other state Lord came down and told me that I'd still be in South Carolina as well as many of those other states. You just mentioned the African American electorate the important part of that vote. However, there have been some comments recently that you've addressed as well from the past that were you've made some comments that may pain negatively with some of that electorate. Is there any more of that that you're worried is going to start resurfacing from decades ago, and it doesn't matter no, it doesn't matter because everybody in the African community, in the leadership, the community and all the endorsements, I've gotten from senior people, because they know my heart. That's why I got involved in public life because it was happening in my state to the African American population and civil rights and civil liberties, so uh I I have no no concern. Elizabeth Warren is a candidate who's been spending more time here in South Carolina, pretty much in this same neighborhood. She's gonna be here today. Well good I hope, but she is working to continue to introduce herself to those poor constituencies, particularly of African Americans. That you already know very well here. Does her need to kind of focus on some of that? Does that affect your strategy at all? No, she doesn't affect my strategy period and I'm, not being facetious, I, think she's a fine person good candidate, but you know I didn't get involved in deciding to run because of Paulina a particular strategy. I got involved a run because I thought it was so critical that we defeat a man who is absolutely ripping this country apart and the final moment for me, the saying, okay I'm going to do. It was after Charlotte's ville when those folks came rapidly came out of the field carrying torches and talking to a company by the Klu, Klux, Klan and and the president and a young woman gets killed in protesting them and, and he says in response, they're, very fine people on both sides. That's why I'm running I'm ready to restore the soul, this country- and it doesn't matter what the other candidates do or say that's number. One number two is restore the middle class and number three unite the country. We have to do those three things. That's why I'm running there's been a little bit of talk so far in the campaign about who's gonna pick whom for VP that's always starts early, see all of the things about this campaign. That started very sure that, but you know I've heard some people suggest that you might benefit from perhaps selecting a younger, perhaps African American person, as your potential pick for VP is that conversation happening at all. No I. Look first of all, incredibly presumptuous to me of this day to be talking about a vice presidential candidate. For for me, I haven't even won the nomination at number. One number two I do think that the most important thing to do is what Barack and I did, and that is to pick. Someone who you know is sympatico with you know is intellectually consistent with your positions. You may disagree on tactic, but strategically agree on everything, because no president, man or woman elected next time out can do the job by themselves. They got to be able to delegate significant responsibilities and the president has been written a lot about. We were personally very close, but he did he delegated significant responsibilities to me because he can't handle it all and when he did, he gave me presidential authority I could do what needed to be done and I didn't have to go back and check because he knew we're in the same page and so whomever fits that bill and obviously it would be I be I, wouldn't hesitate to pick a woman or an african-american or someone who fit the bill, that that would become again consistent with what I believe and had the same passion for that I did. What do you make of your campaigns, recent decision to reverse its stance and well we're not except the impact money? What what I think happened was- and we I've had no discussion with any outside group or individual about this. But what's happened is we're already in a general election, I mean there's two things we know for certain one Vladimir Putin doesn't want me to be president. According to Facebook, taking down the Russian ads going after me and two that is surely the Trump doesn't want to face me and I'm told I. Don't know this, but fresh reports are that he's spending through special interest, the gun lobby, the the the oil companies, the big insurance companies they're already spending ten million dollars spread. I, don't know how much spreading lies about me and I know that is generated, outrage out there in the public at large, and so what I'm told is that they're people out there who want to take these ads on? Take him on now, because it's a general election me versus Trump in their minds right now, and so, but we I've done I've had no conversations with them. My view is that, at the end of the day that if I'm president I'm gonna work really hard to do it, Fritz Hollings and I tried to pass a constitutional amendment, saying no public money in campaigns they're federally funded, but in the meantime, they're legally allowed to do this and they're doing it, because that's what Trump's doing and- and so that's all I had to say about that. There's no coordination with me at all on this, so I'm not taking a contribution of Benaim we're sending you a PAC contribution or I haven't, set up a super PAC, the Biden super PAC like it etc. So it's what it is. Okay, there's been a constant conversation in this campaign about age of some of the candidates yourself included. We've had these conversations for months, but now that one of those candidates, the oldest of the pack Bernie Sanders, has actually had a heart attack and suffered some unfortunate health issues on the trail. Thank God. He bounced back. What do you make of a renewed conversation around several septuagenarian candidates, and some voters are telling me that they would support? Maybe one of you if there were potentially a pledge for only a one term in office. Well, look first of all right now, it's a legitimate question to ask. Just like it was legitimate to ask me when I was 29 years old running for the Senate. That I have enough judgement to be a senator I. Think that one of the one of the reasons I'm running there's certain times that fit certain people right now I have had my age has brought with it a significant amount of experience in government and hopefully wisdom and some sound judgment. The next president has to be ready to on day one to have no on-the-job training, I've spent more time in the Situation Room and Wolf Blitzer. No, but I've spent more time in the real Situation Room than anybody all of them combined and conjured quadruple I spent more time in the Oval Office I've been given significant responsibilities in the foreign policy. I can stand on the world stage, I believe in command the respect of world leaders on day one it's thoroughly and totally appropriate people ask about my health and so I do my yearly physical, which I'll do at the end of the year before the first vote, I'll release. All there is about my health workout every morning and I I feel good and all I can say is watch me see. No now it doesn't mean I would run a second term I'm not going to make that judgment. I'm not going to make that judgment at this moment.