Folks, it's gonna be very short and I just wanted to come down and I began by. Thank you, everybody for being here, Miss America. Thank you. Thank you, so so much for your 1ng support going all over the country for me and it means a lot folks. You look I want to thank everyone. We had a great night last night tremendous support from all across the nation with with victories in Texas Virginia and North Carolina Arkansas, Alabama, Tennessee, Massachusetts, and with just this morning we heard one may as well. Well know it's gonna be a while before the final results committed California, but those of you who love the knock down. Those of you who have been counted out. This is your campaign. This is your care penny. Look we're gonna bring together all Americans. We did that. You showed that last night, regardless you race, your gender or your disability, your ethnicity, Democrats, Republicans, independents, I'm, very stripe. They're really mean it. This is what we have to do it. This is a momentum unify the nation. That's why either the race in the first place to unify this country. So we welcome all those who join us all those who want to join us and build a move, and this is a movement. Then we need that movement to beat Donald Trump in the build of future. We all know is possible. You know, I'm, especially proud of our campaign, is generating so much enthusiasm, driving up voter turnout across the nation. This idea that we didn't have a movement look at the results. Look at who's showing up. We are bringing out this campaign behind me of bringing out people who have not participated and it's way up way up, and it sort of turns to me that positive, progressive vision we have been provided for the nation is resonating resonating all over the country to make sure health care is affordable and accessible. Everyone to make sure that every child gets a quality education, regardless of the ZIP code in it and and to take on and beat the NRA and the gun. Manufacturers which promise you I would do and not only protect Social Security. But what I've been calling for some time increasing benefits for those who are seniors in that that our need now after they've lost a spouse in there and we've essentially run out of their coverage because they were living long thank God and securing it for every generation that follows. That's the proposal we put forward and take on the existential threat of climate change. You know yes, ma'am and you know creating in the process will create over 10 million good-paying jobs, not 15 bucks, an hour 45 50 bucks an hour with benefits, that's just gonna happen and those people who may be displaced for this process. They're the ones we're going to get those jobs. I was proud. I was proud to serve as President Obama's vice president for for eight years and what we were able to accomplish, but from passing Obamacare to the work we did to help rescue the auto industry and and nations economies, where everybody kind of forgets my mother used to have an expression, see the greatest ability got, David kind wasn't willing to forget, and then she'd say if that weren't the case, one would only had one child and we were just getting ready. We had just gotten economy up and running again in a big way and we were about to rebuild the middle class in a way that we should be building, and now we will we were taken. We took on the climate change, everything was just beginning, but we know we have so much more. Do we have to put in a bigger, broader vision for this nation and make it happen, and but first first we have to defeat Donald Trump, and so we have to keep Vincent policy as a speaker. In order to do that, we have to also win the Senate back and that's how we're gonna this vision do. I have to the future: that's how I'm gonna be able make it a reality. You know what we can't double that happen in the next few weeks. Let's let this primary turn. You know campaign to negative attacks. The only thing that that can do is help Donald Trump and it doesn't do anything help any one of the candidates or less than a campaign trying to keep our eye on the ball and the eye on the ball is to reclaim the soul of this country. I, believe people understand the bubble burst. The Donald Trump poses an existential threat to our standing in the world. It really does it. They have to know that he's fanned the flame they'll know he's, fanned the flames of a paid and sought to divide us. They've watched it in soul, insult our allies and embraced demagogues he's embraced dictators. At the same time, our alliances are weakened without any question. Every lines he had has been weakened and I know that if we give this man another four years through the White House and forever and fundamentally change the character, this nation, we can't let this happen. That's why, from the moment I entered this race. I did say where the battle for the soul of this nation- and we are now it's on Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri Idaho. We want the code Washington State, we're gonna, take this fight all across America, to rebuild middle class to give people an opportunity. That's been denied that one lately, this oppression and the you know the next president I've said many times has to be able to he or she has to bail. On the first day that there are like the president they're sworn in stand on the stage and they're gonna face a divided nation and a world of disarray. They have to be able to know what they're doing I know what I want to do. I really make it clearer and clearer to all people in this country. To me now and election day and I believe we have a significant opportunity, significant opportunity to move this country to convene in the 21st century, unlike we've, had any opportunity before I really believe that with every fiber might be. It's the folks, as I've said from the beginning, characters on the ballot. I, don't be the character, the candidates character, so I'm, looking forward to it and again I. Thank you all I'm not going to take any questions. I'm sure you all have thousands of them and you get a chance to ask me a lot of those. We go along. I just wanted to make a statement before I before I headed out I'm doing another move here and I want to. Thank you all. Okay,.