Ladies and gentlemen, 47th vice president of the United States Joe Biden. Thank you for being here when I announced I was running for president I said I'd believe that the core values of this nation, our very democracy, was at risk. An events in recent days have made that even clearer, not only me but I, think everyone, whoever president, who believes, there's no limit to his power for the President believes he can do anything and get away with it. If a president who believes he is above the law pursuing the leader of another nation, to investigate a political opponent, tell puentez election is not the conduct of an American president. The allegations that blocked hundreds of millions of dollars, he blocked tennis, moves in dollars and congressionally approved date to another country as an allegation. Unless he agreed to smear a political opponent is not the conduct of America president denying Congress information, which it is constitutionally entitled to, and obstructing its efforts to investigate actions is not the conduct of an American president. It's an abuse of power. It undermines our national security, it violates his oath of office and it strikes at the heart of the sworn responsibility of the president. A president has to put national interest before personal injury. I knew when I decided to run this president would attack me and anyone else we thought would be a threat to his. We needed you well that's what he does. That's what he's always done and know that, even though every reputable publication has looked at the charge that has been made against me and I found the baseless, um untrue and without merit, that's not about to stop him. I can take the political attacks, they'll come and they'll go and in time they'll soon be forgotten, but if we allow a president to get away with shredding the United States Constitution that will last forever too many people. So many good decent people have taken the oath to this nation and given their lives over the past 243 years. To let that happen too many people are serving this nation right now and honor in do they have taken to let that happen. This isn't a democratic issue, a Republican issue. It is a national issue. It is a security issue, this time for this administration to stop stonewalling to provide the Congress of all the facts. It needs, including a copy of the formal complaint made by the whistleblower and it's time for the Congress to fully investigate the conduct of this prisoner. The president should stop stonewalling. This investigation and all the other investigations into his alleged wrongdoing, using its full constitutional authority. Congress in my view, should demand the information it has a legal right to receive the Congress does not, and the president is not, does not comply with such a request in the Congress. He continues to obstruct Congress and flunk the law. Donald Trump will leave Congress. It might be no choice but to initiate impeachment. That would be a tragedy, but a tragedy of his own making I've always believed and still do that. America is a truly special and unique nation better than any other nation. In history, we have made the experiment of self-government work. We have always been a beacon to other countries around the world. We know who Donald Trump is it's time to. Let the world know who we are. Thank you very much.