Like to start out by saying, we are disappointed and disagree with the judge's decision. We believe that it is flawed. We have sympathy for all who suffer from substance abuse, but Johnson and Johnson did not cause the opioid abuse crisis here in Oklahoma or anywhere in this country. We do not believe that the facts or the law supports the decision. Today. We have many strong grounds for appeal and we intend to pursue those vigorously. The facts are that the company manufactured two fda-approved medicines that are essential for treating patients who suffer from chronic long-term debilitating pain and the evidence at trial showed that the company manufactured and marketed those medicines in compliance with strict regulations by the FDA and the DEA. The evidence at trial also showed that the company's medicines were rarely diverted, rarely abused and they amounted to less than 1% of all opioid prescriptions prescribed to patients in Oklahoma. That's true. Throughout the country as well and at trial, you will remember, there was not a single Oklahoma, patient or family member who testified about abuse or misuse of any Johnson & Johnson, medicine and you'll. Remember that the state never called a single doctor, a single Oklahoma doctor, to testify that they were misled by anything that the company said or did. Today's decision reflects a radical departure from more than a century of case law in this state. For over a hundred years, public nuisance law has been limited to property disputes where one misuses their property and cares' harm to another. That is not what this case is about. No Oklahoma, Oklahoma Court has ever done what this Court has done today in applying public nuisance law to any commercial activity, let alone the highly regulated area of prescription medicines. The decision violates well-established constitutional principles, including due process of law and at bottom. The decision is fundamentally unfair in that it finds Johnson and Johnson responsible for the entirety of the opioid abuse crisis and the greater drug problems in this state. While there was no evidence at trial to support that finding, we will be preparing our appellate papers promptly and we look forward to presenting these issues to the Oklahoma Supreme Court.