This is in regards to the ex-commissioner report. You promised to do politics differently. Millions voted for you on that basis. What would you say to those who are disappointed now and what responsibility do you think you have about what is transpired first off I want to thank the ethics commissioner for his report and even though I disagree with some of his conclusions, I fully accept this report and take responsibility for everything that happened where I disagree with the commissioner, amongst others, is where he says and takes a strong perspective, but any contact with the AG, the Attorney General in this issue was improper. My job as a prime minister is to stand up for Canadians and defend their interests, and yes, it is essential that we do that in a way that defends our institutions that upholds prosecutorial independence. But we need to be able to talk about the impacts on Canadians right across the country of decisions being made. But I accept the report that the Commissioner put forward and even in advance of this report a number of months ago, I tasked former attorney general and McClellan's to gather a group of experts, including many formers attorneys, general and academics and political experts to weigh in on this question, to figure out how to move forward in a way that allows us to uphold the interests of Canadians and advocate for the interests of Canadians, while at the same time fully respecting prosecutorial independence. I look forward to implementing the various recommendations she made because what happened over the past year shouldn't have happened, I take responsibility for it. We need to make sure that my government or any government going forward, never is in that situation again. I recognize that this was a situation that shouldn't have happened, but my desire to protect Canadians and, at the same time, to protect the integrity and the independence of our judicial institutions remained throughout. We recognize that the way this happened shouldn't have happened and I take responsibility for the mistakes that I made. At the same time, we learnt many lessons through that and were aided and will be aided by the McCullen report, which has been released today and, as I said, I take full responsibility. The buck stops with the prime minister and I assume responsibility for everything that happened in my office. This is important because I truly feel that what happened over the past year shouldn't have happened, but we at the same time have a system in which we have to make improvements. There are many lessons to be learned on this and that's why we will be moving forward with the recommendations on how to both advocate for the public interest and defend the integrity and the independence of our judicial and prosecutorial processes. Those things together are important, linchpins of our system, and they shouldn't be put into conflict as they were, as spelled out by the ethics commissioners. So I recognize the lessons to be learned. I take them very seriously. I take obviously the ethics commissioners report very seriously, and we will move forward to make sure that this never happens again under any government in this country. In fact, let me wrote on Twitter of all places in 2013 when you said it's hard not to feel disappointed when you're in your government, when there is a scandal, new scandal. Every day this particular issue has been before Canadians now for many many months, you've come into some intense criticism from the Commissioner today, when you say you take responsibility. What does that actually look like in concrete terms, and what do you say to disappointed Canadians who may not want to vote through now, based on what they're reading today taking responsibility means recognizing that what we did over the past year wasn't good enough, but at the same time, I can't apologize for standing up for Canadian jobs, because that's part of what Canadians expect me to do. They expect me also to stand up for our institutions and, as the ethics commissioner pointed out, those two elements came into conflict in an unfortunate way for which I take full responsibility, but more than just taking responsibility for what happened in the past. It means making sure that this mistake never happens again, and that is why, months ago, even before today, we asked a panel of experts to submit recommendations on how our government and all future governments will be able to balance and navigate through the very important principles of defending the public interest and respecting and upholding prosecutorial independence and the independence of our judiciary. Those recommendations which are out today are very much things that will allow us to move forward and make right what obviously didn't work over the last year, as we tried to balance competing interests and fell short, as the ethics commissioner pointed out, because the reality is that some provincial governments have decided to play politics and withhold infrastructure dollars meant for communities. I, don't have to tell anyone in Ontario what cuts to funding mean for families, for students and for seniors. Just take the millions of dollars on the line for the new Niagara sports facilities to host the 2021 Canada Summer Games an initiative, that's in jeopardy, because the provincial government won't prioritize it well. Our government knows that it isn't by refusing to fund local projects that we make life better for the middle class, it's by investing in Canadians and in their future. Look no further than right here in the Niagara region, with almost 14 million dollars for the Niagara area, through the municipal top-up, we're getting shovels in the ground for important projects from improving public transit and helping families get around faster to making sure that seniors have a say. An affordable place to live these investments make a positive difference in people's lives.