He's coming now in 2001, when I was a teacher, I was in Vancouver I attended an end-of-year gala, where the theme was Arabian Nights and we dressed up in an Aladdin costume and put makeup on I shouldn't have done it. I should have known better, but I didn't and I'm. Really sorry do me: John singing Ibaka. We don't gala. The fender neatly cut Susan 10 million. We see ddz costumed, Aladdin, cumplir, X, Mukesh, no reproduce fire introduce a wall. Ok, sorry! But you look fine city, you! Never city, Kosciusko, Gheorghe, Hagi, five intelligence, a walker, a bejeweled fire is not regretful NEMA with an excuse. We usually make super funny anonymously. Dc moment, I! Think there are people, who've made mistakes in in this life and you make decisions based on what they actually do, what they did and on a case-by-case basis. I think I deeply regret that we that I did that I should have known better. Obviously, I regret that I did it it's not about timing, it's about having done something that I shouldn't have done and when I was in high school I dressed up at a talent show and sang Dale with with with makeup on. Oh so gonna go mystery, big easy, a victim, a kiosk is no. No. She can't recognize people country, intolerance, discrimination, Java do serve our name, estar la ciociara. Professor me relief. He is Ramon excuse for Nemo. My series photos and I regret it deeply. I am deeply sorry that I did that I should have known better, but I didn't and I did that and I shouldn't have done that something that I shouldn't have done many years ago and I take responsibility for my decision to do that. I shouldn't have done it. I should have known better. It was something that I didn't think was racist at the time, but now I recognize it was something racist to do and I am I have made a number of calls to friends and colleagues tonight and I will have many more colleagues. Many more calls to make. How can you look at Canadians and tell them? That's not true. I have worked all my life to try and create opportunities for people to fight against racism and intolerance, and I can just stand here and say that I made a mistake when I was younger and I wish. I hadn't I should have known better than but I didn't and I did it and I am deeply sorry, for we would make that decision on a case-by-case basis and look at all the factors involved, but I can't answer a hypothetical on. Why I'm going to be asking Canadians to forgive me for what I did I shouldn't have done, that I kicked responsibility for it. It was a dumb thing to do. I'm disappointed to myself I'm pissed off at myself for having done it. I wish I hadn't done it, but I did it and I apologize for for this. I've been I've been forthright when this has come forth, that it is something that I've taken responsibility for it for having made a real mistake in the past, I I stand here before Canadians as I will throughout this campaign and talk about the work we have to do to make a better country together and I'm, going to continue to stay, focused on that and continue to work to fight, intolerance and discrimination. Even though obviously I made a mistake in the past event- and this is yunkai- are a forgiving regret. Profound amount. Deeply said this: is you know it's a solid responsibility. This means that I'm going to continue to work very hard to demonstrate to Canadians that I'm always going to try and take responsibility for my mistakes, but always work towards a better future for all Canadians. That's I have a big day in Winnipeg tomorrow or I'm gonna be meeting with Canadians we're gonna continue getting out there across the country and talking about the kind of future, we all need to roll up our sleeves and build a little more latitude. I think this is something that we like everything that you have to evaluate on a case-by-case basis. This is something that I take seriously and I take responsibility for, and just off of myself. Obviously I'm disappointed in myself and I'm apologizing to Canadians at least calls for resignation calls for important conversations with all those candidates and real stay, keep taking stock in the path forward and I'm. Having conversations with with my colleagues with fellow candidates and I'm, going to be continuing to having conversations with Canadians about this and about many other things that we're hoping to work together on positively individuals, probably over the last hour in talking to racialized members of your cabinet in your caucus. What if they said to you or disappointment, why I've said to them? What I'm saying here, how I I've said to them? What I'm saying here, how I take responsibility for how I did something that I really shouldn't, have done and I'm disappointed and pissed off of myself what they said. Quite frankly, I'm touched by having as thoughtful a team around me as I have I've been talking to candidates to see I've been talking to my fellow candidates. Tonight I found out I found out today that it was gonna break on Isabella buzzies, mmm, Thank, You G owner CLG thank Governor, Mark II, with the contractor Iran's with the Contras on Iran. You provide for very Christian community, poor country, certain tolerance, consider unity, just reason, and the community support element. This. The my name is a Sakura, a deception or set community la subida, phonological iff. When did you tell your team that you had done as well? We've had conversations about this over the past over the past, while, but the reality is that we were going to continue to focus on fighting discrimination in racism. I've talked about it, we said they. Yes, yes, yes, it was I, didn't consider it a racist action at the time, but now we know better, and this was something that was unacceptable and yes in the last year. This is part of the reflections we all have to have on how we judge the mistakes that we've made in the past, how we take responsibility for them and mostly how we keep moving forward as a society recognizing that we do need to do more to fight anti-black racism. Systemic discrimination unconscious bias. All these things that are present that I'm, certainly not immune from I, think there's a certainly a significant reflection that that I've had over the past while on this, and if it leads other people to have reflections and that's a good thing. But this is very much about me. Taking responsibility for an action, I really shouldn't I, think it's! It's well known that communities and people who live with intersectionalities and face discrimination, the likes of which I have never personally had to experience, is, is a significant thing. That is very hurtful and that's why I am so deeply disappointed in myself. This is this is a time where we're focused on moving forward as a country. We're continuing to politic desire to draw clear mayor, have near portal more to concentrate more mana fallacy. I'm gonna have a conversation with them tomorrow morning before they go to school, about taking responsibility for mistakes you make about living up every day to try and be a better person and recognizing that when you make mistakes, you have to take responsibility for you have to own up for it. You have to promise to do better. That's what I expected my kids, that's how I'm gonna be raising them. The conversation but I'm gonna, be I. Think the fact is that I look forward to having conversations about how we move forward as a society, how we move forward as individuals, if everyone who is going to be standing for office, needs to demonstrate that they've been perfect every step of their lives, there's going to be a shortage of people running for office, I think what is important is that, yes, people get challenged on mistakes they've made in the past that they recognize those mistakes and they pledge to do better. That's what we expect our people I accept that people can make choices about who they choose to run with and who they choose to have as candidates. Do you want to tell Canadians about any other I think I think it's it's been plenty. The fact of the matter is that I've always and you'll know this in more enthusiastic about costumes, then is somehow is sometimes appropriate, but these are the situations that that I regret deeply. These are the situations I regret, I'm gonna be thinking about how much harder I'm going to have to continue to work, to demonstrate to Canadians that I'm focused on building a better world with less discrimination, less intolerance and less racism, and that this choice that I made many years ago, which was the wrong choice and one that I regret deeply I need to I, am owning up to and going to focus on, moving forward.