Doing everyone good afternoon, everyone, my name is Betty -, cero and I. Am the lord mayor of the town of niagara-on-the-lake I am joined today by my thank you. I'm joined today by my fellow mayor's mayor, Steele, mayor golini, Mayor, Junkin, mayor Sen, zyk and, first and foremost our regional chair, Jim, Bradley I'm, also joined I'm, also joined today by my colleagues of council councillors, Wiens burrows and Arsenault. We would like to welcome the prime minister and his entourage tonight on the lake. As you know, Prime Minister niagara-on-the-lake is the first home of English Canada and holds many firsts, not only for our country but around the world. If I can take a moment to boast, Laura Secord swauk started our nation. We were the first in the British Empire to legislate the start of the abolition of slavery as well. We are blessed with rich soil that enables our farmers to have amazing orchards and vineyards. Because of this we see millions of tourists each year and our population in our settlement areas is growing as a municipality. We work on trying not only to manage that economy, but, first and foremost, our obligations is to our citizens. We are community builders. Our obligation is to provide our citizens the amenities they require expect and deserve. Without your assistance, mr. prime minister, on building infrastructure, our water would become unmanageable our roads, even more congested. Our irrigation systems would fail. Our culture would fade. This is. This is true for all municipalities, no matter what size I want to. Thank you, mr. prime minister, for your understanding that we are a country of diverse communities. I want to thank you, mr. prime minister, for being a community builder I want to thank you for your announcement today good afternoon. Everyone it's great to be here and niagara-on-the-lake, and thank you lord merida sorrow for that introduction. You are truly an incredible voice in your community. I also want to recognize mayor mcGarvie, the president of the association of municipalities of Ontario and Bill Carson, the President of the Federation of Canadian Municipalities and speaking of strong voices for the Niagara region, a big shout out to our outstanding MPs here with us this afternoon, Chris, Biddle and Vance. By the way people here know they can count on Chris and Vance to work hard every day on their behalf. In fact, delivering real results for the middle class is exactly why we're here today, who call the captain is any not regret. Lama really deserve a smart epic tow, an adhesion dan yeager. His work has shown the media in a transparent comer who the country, the large man abba-baba-baba effective leader loco, so departure associate a Oh Mad Max on an Aussie accomplice de soutien Valerians SEO, the pasha loco, with the municipal top for infrastructure in budget 2019, were doubling the amount of money that municipalities get through the federal transfer. What that means for people in Ontario is funding that goes directly to municipal infrastructure priorities projects that matter to you, because the reality is that some provincial governments have decided to play politics and withhold infrastructure dollars meant for communities. I, don't have to tell anyone in Ontario what cuts to funding mean for families, students and for seniors just take the millions of dollars on the line for the new Niagara sports facilities to host the 2021 Canada Summer Games an initiative, that's in jeopardy, because the provincial government won't prioritize it well. Our government knows that it isn't by refusing to fund local projects that we make life better for the middle class, it's by investing in Canadians and in their future. Look no further than right here in the Niagara region, with almost 14 million dollars for the Niagara area, through the municipal top-up, we're getting shovels in the ground for important projects from improving public transit and helping families get around faster to making sure that seniors have a safe and affordable place to live. These investments make a positive difference in people's lives. My friends when we work together, we build a stronger economy, good middle-class jobs and thriving communities for people to raise their families. Mccowen fois see fantastic, that we see a niagara-on-the-lake Vermette, no parcel opera, O'meara mcgarvey yeah play just over the hip bones. I will kiss Jo Jimmy a little bit good afternoon, pleasure Annie. My name is Jaime McGarry president Association municipalities of Ontario and the mayor of the town of Perry sound. It is a real pleasure to be here today on behalf of hundreds of Ontario communities, to celebrate the federal government's investment of an additional eight hundred and nineteen million in our local infrastructure. I, say additional because Ontario's municipalities were already set to receive almost eight hundred and sixteen million through the federal gas tax fund in 2019. This top-up means that the Ontario local infrastructure is getting a 1.6 billion-dollar injection this year. That's significant. It means that municipalities can move forward on hundreds of infrastructure projects, the federal gas tax funds laws directly to municipal governments through the association of municipalities of Ontario on a per capita basis. They can plan they can budget, they can invest in infrastructure that affects the people that use that infrastructure every day. Things like roads, public transit, drinking water, wastewater systems, recreation, centers and much more. All Ontarians will benefit from this investment and I know. Municipal governments are eager to get the shovels in the ground and get to work. Thank You Prime Minister for inviting us here today in this good news, merci and big, which and I'd like to now introduce Bill Carson president of the Federation of Canadian Municipalities Thank You Jamie. Thank you very much good afternoon. Everyone wow what a dead crowd good afternoon. Everyone much much better I know you've waited for a little while, but this announcement is worth waiting for. So it is my distinct pleasure to be here with you this afternoon and thank you, prime minister Trudeau, for having us here to share in this exciting and great announcement, I'm, confident that most of you do know who the Federation of Canadian Municipalities is, but for those that don't we are the voice of Canadian Municipalities, with over 2,000 members from coast to coast to coast representing in excess of 90% of Canada's population, as the order of government closest to daily life. Municipalities really truly do understand the challenges Canadians pace. More importantly, Canadians trust and expect us to find the solutions we build roads. We build bridges and we get people where they need to go. We would build the water systems drinking water, we call it in a note: potable water and waste water. We build the community centers that make our communities vibrant and livable, and every year the federal gas tax fund fuels thousands of infrastructure projects that are building better lives. The fund works, my friends because it's direct and it's reliable, predictable. The fund is effective, my friends, because these projects raise the quality of life for the Canadians that we all serve here in Ontario. For an example, the gas tax fund helped clear view. Township launched a new municipal transit service, it helped Oakville, revitalize its historic downtown core and it helped north perth build a recreation center. That is now the anchor and focus for that community, and the list goes on and on and on at the heart of the gas tax fund is the recognition that local governments are the best place to do what identify local needs and build solutions that work. It's a shining example of what Direct reliable funding can deliver, and what federal and municipal governments can achieve together when and I got to turn back to see my colleagues, the Prime Minister and the MPs again, when what, when we work together, we can achieve things together. So in budget 2019, the federal government represented behind me, recognize the value of the funding tool and took a transformative step forward by doubling this year's gas tax fund and I'm gonna lead the applaud on that one. As a result. Folks now, the municipalities currently from coast to coast to coast across Canada are using every single dollar to build better lives for Canadians Prime Minister. On behalf of all municipalities, thank you for your commitment to working with FCM. Thank you for your commitment to the municipalities of Canada and your investment in Thundra federal municipal partnership and, again, most importantly in Canadians, who we serve. Thank you again for having me here today today and please do have a continued great day on the day of this great announcement. Thank you very much, I'm happy to take questions from media now. Mr. prime minister Samantha Craig's from the CBC, and if you could answer my questions in English in French, this is in regards to the others Commissioner report. You promised to do politics differently. Millions voted for you on that basis. What would you say to those who are disappointed now and what responsibility do you think you have about what is transpired first off I want to thank the ethics commissioner for his report and even though I disagree with some of his conclusions, I fully accept this report and take responsibility for everything that happened where I disagree with the commissioner, amongst others, is where he says and takes a strong perspective, but any contact with the AG, the Attorney General in this issue was improper. My job as a prime minister is to stand up for Canadians and defend their interests, and yes, it is essential that we do that in a way that defends our institutions that upholds prosecutorial independence, but we need to be able to talk about the impacts on Canadians right across the country of decisions being made. But I accept the report that the Commissioner put forward and even in advance of this report a number of months ago, I tasked former attorney general and McClellan's to gather a group of experts, including many formers attorneys, general and academics and political experts to weigh in on this question, to figure out how to move forward in a way that allows us to uphold the interests of Canadians and advocate for the interests of Canadians, while at the same time fully respecting prosecutorial independence. I look forward to implementing the various recommendations she made because what happened over the past year shouldn't have happened, I take responsibility for it. We need to make sure that my government or any government going forward, never is in that situation again in French, please, sugar, mickey loomis, analytic important alive, so ha ha mm. See you justice on this Arabic some time to see conclusion except Sahaba. Auntie mo e rapport left and responsibility for two skeezy passes Malaysia and is occur. She does a conclusion on hold to contact a vaguely, ocular general subset, ensure it necessary no copy in party phenomena. The major of the job, the topology SEO, develop Rosati the founder is either a the to the Canadian lady Republic in d'oeuvre improve our deaf and voluntary public total respect. Our Delaney pardons lapaki. Our general support, secure promotion, Monday Nancy incursion, eval and McClellan delivery wrapper a key Rock'em and Sock'em salty Eric endowment expire come on Amelia rail system, kenapa g2 function e on voix de l'année, passée, pork, okay, google, Emma Romeo cannot no swaddle situatio Jaguar meta our contradiction. Let a republic LED panels, the not stem she'd share. Do you have any plans to resign, or at least apologize formally I recognize that this was a situation that shouldn't have happened, but my desire to protect Canadians and, at the same time, to protect the integrity and the independence of our judicial institutions remained throughout. We recognize that the way this happened shouldn't have happened and I take responsibility for the mistakes that I made. At the same time, we learned many lessons through that and were aided and will be aided by the McCullen report, which has been released today. Rockin echoes kisses, citrusy, aleppo juice, posse momento surfaces are considered hateful. A responsibility to Pawnee Minnesota, they found later a public total natural, integrated Inocencio Adamo Cepeda ban fastened a monomer to total government papa according to Ava's assets, ratio, news, a low and mid level, I recommendation, fair dollar haha McClellan mr. Prime Minister, your mouth you're from Globe and Mail. The ethics commissioner found the authority of the Prime Minister in his office was used to circumvent, undermine and ultimately attempt to discredit the decision of the Director of Public Prosecutions, as well as the authority of miss Wilson rebel senior officials in your office will be using with SNCC officials the entire time will you fire elder marques and Matsu Bouchard, and will you keep Gerald butts on your campaign? As I said, I take full responsibility. The buck stops with the Prime Minister and I assume responsibility for everything that happened in my office. This is important because I truly feel that what happened over the past year shouldn't have happened, but we at the same time have a system in which we have to make improvements. There are many lessons to be learned on this and that's why we will be moving forward with the recommendations on how to both advocate for the public interest and defend the integrity and the independence of our judicial and prosecutorial processes. Those things together are important, linchpins of our system, and they shouldn't be put into conflict as they were, as spelled out by the ethics commissioner. So I recognize the lessons to be learned. I take them very seriously. I take obviously the ethics commissioners report very seriously, and we will move forward to make sure that this never happens again under any government in this country. No necessary registration, key or hepatis passes so come free and let a republic a lndependence judiciary, Nagaraju men dispose vo sape, Osaka, Japan, responsibiiity, post Conniff, a major policy responsibility, sur la fête, / charge a new procedure, new system, Elif ahsoka, no salman, not raghuvaran. Ama me to move a lemon olive near Akira down this situation, some blood, so an elder Marquez, Matic Bouchard, will stay on and as well Gerald. But we are facing a moment in a couple of months, where Canadians get to make a choice about the kind of government that they want to see lead them and they will make judges judgments based on merits, based on experience based on proposals plan. I am looking forward to continuing my conversations with Canadians about how we've delivered for people but how much more work there is to do as we roll up our sleeves as we learn lessons and as we continue to deliver for the middle class and people working hard to join it with the great team that I have behind me and all around me applause, a shipyard proved our ally, pupusa Okanagan, not vision. Daphne, Parma, satanic Taha survived an opportunity: Paulo Canadian Dersch Wazir souk el verano monville continued a the Battle of Pea sweet Rafael, Tuscan Arturo sweet reckon CEO to clear a song, see Connor pre-show codecademy, a sonic New, Jersey, keyless, rest bukhara affair for Amelia, her accomplice, Isola class Mahan, a protection Lobby Ranma, a croissants economic key ADA to almond Cisco, Noon, Saloon, fire pond on Iwo Jima, a Cisco just by approval five panel questions. Any silicon, Ajay Luthor Thank You grant the flush from the st. Catherine standard and tourists are in today's report. Mr. young points out that he was unable to fully complete his investigative mandate because he was impeded in getting information of cabinet confidences by the Privy clerk, which he really makes no bones about. Was it was a tremendous stumbling block to to reach his his the end of his investigation. I mean: do you think, that's an appropriate action by the Privy Clerk's office and what will you, if anything, to do about it? The cabinet, confidentiality and attorney-client privilege, Scizor client privilege, are two of the fundamental elements that uphold our democracy and our system of government. So it was not a small thing for our government to decide to wave both solicitor, client, privilege and and cabinet confidence in the matter being studied both by the CIM and by the Ethics Commission. We took that decision because we knew that it was important that Canadians and obviously the ethics commissioner, would be able to access all information and hear all testimony in regards to the matter at hand. We did exactly that, and that is why we were able to have such fulsome parliamentary study and such a fulsome ethics commissioners report. The decision by the Privy Council to not further extend into less relevant or non relevant elements of cabinet confidentiality and solicitor. Client privilege is an important one that maintains the integrity of our institutions and our capacity to function as a government without setting troublesome or worrisome precedents. Ultra C news, even pre, lit up. Oh just some proceed on the Metro decotis la confianza de ministry e, la cerca de jocose AE, the confidentiality of clear vodka news, Ivanka porker, the committee Parliament, a popular Commission, oolitic, faster I, say ten, just important podium at latrans boroughs, Bakula cannons Empress was kiss a posse, no vocalist, okay, see Calcasieu ski present portable, not Robin, Vernon's cosa, nostra professional medal meant Ducati porker Lee, Sang ketsu Cesar proceed to new offer set a patent may effective Mawali limits set mr. Coty desecrators a discipline ship Pascal Devon, the walk, insinuate, devour systemically function for being born in Canada. You've said you've said a couple of times. In answer to my colleagues that you take responsibility for what happened in this and I heard back something you wrote on Twitter of all places in 2013 when you said it's hard not to feel disappointed when you're in your government, when there is a scandal, new scandal. Every day this particular issue has been before Canadians now for many many months, you've come into some intense criticism from the Commissioner today, when you say you take responsibility. What does that actually look like in concrete terms, and what do you say to disappointed Canadians who may not want to vote through now, based on what they're reading today taking responsibility means recognizing that what we did over the past year wasn't good enough, but at the same time I can't apologize for standing up for Canadian jobs, because that's part of what Canadians expect me to do. They expect me also to stand up for our institutions and, as the ethics commissioner pointed out, those two elements came into conflict in an unfortunate way for which I take full responsibility, but more than just taking responsibility for what happened in the past. It means making sure that this mistake never happens again, and that is why, months ago, even before today, we asked a panel of experts to submit recommendations on how our government and all future governments will be able to balance and navigate through the very important principles of defending the public interest and respecting and upholding prosecutorial independence and the independence of our judiciary. Those recommendations which are out today are very much things that will allow us to move forward and make right what obviously didn't work over the last year as we tried to balance competing interests and fell short, as the ethics commissioner pointed out from responsibility, see divaldo rockin, eight Kurt, c'mon, AG, netipot, Lebon faso, k, MC, no zento, co-eds, Lamia citadel, the cottage, a lake, a republic total respect on land upon us, da-da-da-da-da, rama, suppose, oh just Rama, said Monday armed expired, an affair, a recommendation so karma, not Raghav alimony to future Hoover Lama Beauvoir, Sasori, K, Sidhu dilemma: no vnp, rockin freak impressive, our leader, Vasco sequelae Canadians, our town will a capacity to defend like an agenda trial, a family sampler to toss a suit on the land. Upon us do not work ocular general Elena Rita from The Canadian Press, so the report today shows that your government changed the Criminal Code after the SMC level and heavily lobbied your office and members of your cabinet for a legal escape hatch. How will you convince Canadians that this is not proof of some powerful corporate influence over your government? The deferred prosecution agreements are an element that is in place in many many countries around the world. Most of our most important allies have these. It allows a company that has been found guilty of wrongdoing to pay fines to make restitution to fix their behaviors, take responsibility for their behaviors along some very severe and well established criteria. This is a measure that many of our allied countries have that Canada did not have in place. This was something that well before SNC Laval a Canadian governments have looked at and have considered. It was an element lacking within the tools we have at our disposal to ensure proper behavior by corporations, opportunities for jobs and growth in the country, and that is why we move forward on bringing in these agreements Conant what we see: demos, ooh, Keizo Kohana, each Lizzy da ba di da ba no PA a key parameter in company key cosas de crédito, a final agua de parada penalty charges on kapalama san automatic ma met imperial to lee sun-ho. Yes, a company key por la grande majority support, responsible desire of Confederate direction, la compagnie, certain mazurka, topless, tambien, DPE la cañada. Sorry, please! Any university under local Canada consider labels wine devarsi to seek new pay. A ye complete star on coming. Mr. prime minister Brittany Carter from the lake report, I was just wondering what your plan is to try and bring the riding to the liberal, locally Niagara Hamilton. Well, listen I'm very excited to be back in Niagara on the Lake, and it's a pleasure to be here with our two MPs from neighboring ridings, who have been doing a great job of representing this whole region in the House of Commons. But as you point out, it would be absolutely wonderful for the community of niagara-on-the-lake and Niagara Falls to be well represented by a strong liberal, candidate and I very much look forward to working very hard over the coming weeks and months to make sure that the that the riding of Niagara Falls turns red on October 21st. What is your plan to I guess? What we were focusing on is investing in communities, whether its infrastructure announcements like today, where we know that is essential for growing communities to invest in wastewater, invest in public transit, invest in housing, invest in the kinds of needs that particularly areas where there is tremendous amount of tourism needs that infrastructure to be able to succeed. But on top of that, we know that creating jobs, creating opportunities for citizens goes with investing in those citizens themselves that Canada Child Benefit has benefited nine out of ten Canadian families right across the country and has lifted hundreds of thousands of kids out of poverty. On top of that, an area that I know is very important for this region. We've signed major trade deals with all our other g7 nations, including and especially securing our trade with the United States, our most important partner at a time of protectionism and uncertainty in the United States. These are the kinds of things we can do when we all work together and having a strong voice for niagara-on-the-lake and Niagara Falls is going to be extremely important to make sure we're continuing to deliver for this community and communities like it right across the country. Just briefly back to SNC Laughlin Lisa Pulaski on behalf of Global News, can you say whether at DPA is still on the table? That is a decision to be made by the Attorney, General and Minister of Justice, not a decision for the prime minister to make mr. trudeau conical tip a leader. Canada just said a disdain for can consolidate second cuckoos, a van Halen wah bounce casa, la première folks. It's a giveaway - que nadie como la Vida conferences, direct our reality, see consoling in parte de comprar una masa de fer, - watch official news, avión travail, ET, fo, fo-fo, - el integrity, not stem no justice, - toss, a Sarah Conde phone is a beacon agenda. Travail keepo at effective, set Aveda mahkum la camisa, retic Asuna me a on the Potterville Bonnie Culebra dance, it's Jesse on see, I, don't suppose soccer New Zealand lava shall not rest em poker, oprah's, - Joe they found lady Republic son met position of vulnerability, then upon us, the not a popular Jennifer, I think one of the things. Sorry, let me just pause him. We translate in my brain I think we recognize that what was done over the past year as we tried to both defend judicial independence and prosecutorial independence and stand up for Canadian jobs and workers, wasn't exactly the right way to do things, and we thank the ethics commissioner for the hard work that he did and highlighting that. But it's not enough to just recognize that we did it the wrong way. We have to be able to put in place solutions, so this doesn't happen again by our government or any other government. We need to be able to stand up for jobs and for the public interest in a way that doesn't, you know, go against prosecutorial independence and that's where the McClelland report, which has been released today, lays out very clear steps that will be followed to ensure that this kind of conflict never happens again by this government or any future government. Yes, if we go to the moon. Thank you all so much for being here.