I'd like to start with something that you'd probably rather forget, but the fact that you've been exposed to someone who wore blackface on what we know of three occasions, most recently in 2001, when you were 29 years old and a teacher, it is the biggest hit your campaign has taken so far. It's all down to you. It was you doing that. Putting that makeup on what does that done to your campaign? And what does it say about your judgement? I think it's something that I've recognized was a terrible mistake. I should have known better at the time, but I didn't and I'm I'm going to have to work a long time to continue to demonstrate the kind of focus I've had on fighting racism, fighting discrimination, fighting intolerance as I've worked on. As a politician, you know your critics say it makes you a hypocrite that you set high standards for other people, but you don't live up to them. Yourself certainly has had high standards for myself as well, and I hurt a lot of people I care about deeply. It was a terrible mistake and I take full responsibility for it. I applied those high standards to myself. I will always fight against racism and tolerance, and discrimination and I heard a lot of people who, who considered me an ally. You know people have been fired for the doing. This certainly lost their reputations for it. You've asked for forgiveness, but why should Canadians give you a pass, because your leader of a party I have someone who has demonstrated throughout my political career and indeed as Prime Minister, that fighting anti-black racism, fighting systemic discrimination, fighting unconscious bias and putting real money and real initiatives and working hard to fight all this intolerance is something that I'm I've done and I'm going to continue to do and I'm going to continue to do even more given that I have obviously not lived up to that in the past. When did you stop thinking that darkening your skin was acceptable? Was it something? Did someone tell you hey? You know this is crazy. You're you're, covering not only your face your throat, your hands, I! Think in the video. Even your legs did someone say to you: Justin you not to give this up as I've spoken about, I represent one of the most diverse multicultural ridings in the country and the work I've done in you know the late 2012 2008-2009 to be a better representative, a good representative for people by spending time in mosques and good Juarez and with the Haitian community and all the diverse communities in my writing and fighting for them. Let me to understand to a much greater degree, the kind of discrimination and intolerance that people face on a daily basis because of the color of their skin, and that's where why I understand now, which I should have understood, then that it is always unacceptable. So is when you got into politics I think the years following my father's death involved a lot of changes for me, I went back to Montreal in 2002, I went back to school, studied engineering, studied environmental geography. I got involved more with Katimavik Canada's national youth service program. I did more environmental and youth activism. I was learning a lot more about public engagement, a lot more about service and obviously I am a very different person today than I was back then so 2001 was the last time have you talked to your mother about this. Yes, I've talked to my mother. I've talked to my kids. I've talked to what did you have friends, my mum, my mom as someone who has lived through very difficult times in the public eye, some of it possibly deserved some of it not. She reminded me to stay focused on both the people I've hurt and how I'm going to do better in the future. Was she disappointed in you I? Think everyone, a lot of people who know me we're disappointed in me. You disappointed in yourself sure, of course, I hurt people who I care about deeply and who trusted me, and that is something that I I need to understand, but also something that I'm going to need to work for the rest of my life. To do better. You know, lots of people are making fun of you comedians late-night talk show hosts, you become the butt of jokes. Do you think you've embarrassed Canada on the world stage, I think we we've seen a social media world and indeed an entertainment world that has, you know, chosen to poke fun at me for many things in the past, I think. At the same time, a lot of people know that the things we're doing is the government and the things that we've achieved and what we stand for. Also matters, and you know people will do what they do. I'm gonna stay focused on serving Canadians in the right. It's made headlines around the world that other stuff doesn't. This did oh, there have been other times that there have been headlines around the world, for you don't think this was stands out as a tactically. Absolutely this does absolutely this does and it forces me and us to continue to do even more to fight discrimination and racism. It's certainly something that I'm going to do. Are there any other skeletons in the closet, things that you've done in your past that you're not proud of that you've disclosed to your staff? We've all made mistakes in the past, but my focus has been on. Certainly, over the past years on serving Canada to the best of my ability and making the kinds of decisions that have led Canada to do extremely well over these past four years, whether it's job creation or lifting people out of poverty or fighting against discrimination and tolerance. We we see a time in the world where there is a lot of cynicism and skepticism around politics around politicians around their institutions and they're always going to be things. People can point to to become more cynical, inspecting skeptical. My focus has been on trying to demonstrate that we can do things and we are doing things that make a real difference in people's lives. I asked you if there are any more skeletons in the closet that you've just go disclosed to your staff. I think we've all done things that we are unhappy with and things that we learn from and I'm no different than anybody else. So there could be other things, I think they're no different than anyone. I know, I'm not perfect about it. People also know what I stand for. Let's talk about climate, which is top of mind for a lot of Canadians in this campaign, and they in the world we're living. In now, you announced a plan to push Canada to Net Zero emissions by 2050. That sounds like a bold plan. What, specifically, are you going to do? What measures are you going to take to do that? We first of all are going to be meeting our 2030 targets on track as we've committed to, but we need to do much more. That's why part of what we're doing is bringing in panels of experts who will determine the intermediary targets that will be legislated every five years in order to meet them. So let me stop you on that. Legislated. Every fight, so legally binding targets that what companies and provinces will have to we're going to be talking with experts, we're going to be talking with the the kinds of people who know what it's going to take to do it, based on what we've already done, those experts yet against rated one ability to bend the curve we've. It did. Minna demonstrated that we can reduce emissions because we are going to be meeting those 2030 targets, 2030 targets 2030, yet right, but you're not track. We are on track. We are absolutely on track. Canada remains one of the biggest emitters per capita in the world. Emissions have been going up and we, as a country on track under your eliminate all to reach, meet our emissions reduction targets by 2030, and the way we've done, that is by putting a price on pollution is by moving forward on protecting our oceans. In moving forward on banning single-use plastics on changing behaviors on investing in in renewables, we have demonstrated real action on this and I agree we have more to do, but the choice canadians are facing right now is between a government that has done lots and will do lots more or a conservative government that has never done anything to fight climate change and is not serious about it and doesn't even understand that fighting climate changes not just an environmental imperative, it's an economic imperative and that choice that people are facing right now I mean I give you credit for saying. Yes, we need to do more. Absolutely the Conservatives are the ones who think we need to do this. So we're gonna talk separately to the conservative leader, but I want to ask you about your policies and your plans and the National carbon tax, as has essentially fallen apart. You have not been successful in putting that in place, actually have put that in place and in framework penque pretty well dissolves. How do you say this to solve there? It's not a it's, not a national carbon tax, it hasn't been so it hasn't been as successful as you would like it. Yes, it has and it is in place in every province across the country. The pan-canadian framework on climate change is in place and that's that's a good place to start, because if people aren't clear on that, we have brought in a price on pollution right across the country. And, yes, there are conservative premiers who are fighting against it in provinces from from the Rockies to the Bay of Fundy, because they don't think we should be moving on family. There they're spending millions in court of taxpayer money to try and fight that pollution pricing, but we are winning and that price on pollution is in place right across the country. Now, yes, Andrew Shearer says he will make pollution free again if he gets elected, but we moved forward on that and I'm glad to correct people on that. We have a price on pollution right across the country right now, one that returns more money in the provinces that refuse to do it. Then they actually pay out getting back to your planet was announced today. What will you do to companies who can't meet these targets or won't meet these targets or the legally binding? The plan we announced today features cutting in half corporate taxes on big and in small companies that are developing zero emission technology, because we know there is trillions of dollars in opportunity around the world for zero emission technologies, and now Canada is going to be able to be a leader in general and how much money would that generate that? Well, we can imagine the the the companies that set up shop in Canada because they are paying less taxes than anywhere else in the world to make. Those initiatives were already been been judged to be one of the easiest company countries to set up environmentally clean and cutting-edge clean tech businesses we're continuing to create that advantage. So we create jobs and growth and economic opportunity on solutions that the world is going to need. That's a a tangible thing where we create solutions that work for Canada and work for the world as well, in contrasts with others who don't think we should be doing anything on the environment. So I think people are hungry for details on how you're going to do that. When would we know that I am very excited about this coming week, where we will be laying out more pillars of our environmental plan, where we will demonstrate that we are serious about tackling climate change and really emphasize that choice that Canadians are facing between conservatives who don't believe in acting on climate change and don't understand that it's not just the environment, but it's our economy that is at stake. Did you hear Greta turn berg at the UN her address? Did you find it? How did you find it? Was it unnerving for you as a world leader? Was it unsettling I found it incredibly compelling and challenging and really important, even with everything we've done, and everything Canadians and particularly young Canadians Greta is not the only one. We've seen the millions of young people marching around the world and young Canadians telling me everyday. We need to do more, but even with all those voices, we still have conservative politicians at the provincial level fighting any action on climate change, and this election is pivotal for young people and for all Canadians on to whether we make a choice to continue and do more on fighting climate change, or else we stick our heads in the sand and try and hide from the changes that are going to be challenging our kids. Another issue, that's top of mind for Canadians is healthcare, and you announced some plans yesterday to help Canadians find a family doctor. Thousands of Canadians, as you know, don't have a family doctor. My aging parents didn't have one when they died. I didn't have one when I moved here from the UK took the years to find one. This is an issue that's really affecting the daily life of so many Canadians. How are you going to make that happen? The same way we moved forward when we signed the previous group of health accords with the provinces just a couple of years ago, in investing in greater home care and investing in greater mental health care. We sit down with the provinces, we set clear targets, we invest more federal money in provinces, so they can deliver on these targets of delivering more health care and more health care practitioners to communities, particularly remote communities that need them. And, yes, it requires partnership with the provinces, an ability we demonstrated when we renegotiate the health accords with all 10 provinces and 3 territories. A few years ago. We're gonna need to move forward. Obviously, there's going to be negotiation with the provinces and the question for Canadians is who do they want negotiating with Andrews with with Doug Ford and Jason Kenney, and that choice is very clear when you see what Kenny is doing, what Ford is doing and what Shearer is proposing to do so? Are you promising more family doctors? Yes, we're! We are making a commitment that the federal money invested in healthcare is going to help more Canadians, get there help Canadians get family doctors? Yes, so I think that's another one where people want detail, I, don't get how that's gonna work. Well, that is in negotiation with the provinces, that is the federal money but federal government. Putting six billion dollars forward as a down payment on helping the provinces reach targets to make sure that people can have access to family doctors and nurse practitioners and the kind of health care supports. They need you're promising a national pharma care plan to UM. When will that be in place, and how much would that cost? But we recognize that again. Pharma care is something we need to work on with the provinces. There are some things that a federal government can do. We've already put in place things that will reduce by thirteen billion dollars over the next ten years. Costs of prescription drugs for Canadians, and it's so effective. The drug companies are taking us the court on that we're moving forward on creating a pen, Canadian Canadian drug agency that is going to be establishing a formulary and we're actually also tangibly moving forward on high cost drugs for rare diseases, which we know is an incredible challenge for families facing a particularly rare diseases. So we've done concrete things that move towards that. The next steps is to work with the provinces to implement their recommendations in the expert panel and on Pharma care, and that is what we are there to do. Yesterday you talked about a six billion dollar down payment and to make this happen, what's the real cost of this, though there have been others who have costed it estimated, perhaps fifteen billion dollars a year. Why don't you just be clear with Canadians? We want to do this for you. This is what it's going to cost and here's how we're going pay for it, because we're not the only ones who have a say in doing it. The provinces also have a responsibility to express what they want, and many provinces already have systems that are partially there, as we work together to figure out what the national framework will look like. That will become clearer but, like we did in the 2015 election, where we committed three billion dollars over four years and ended up assigning health accords that actually invested even more money than that over the ten years phrase frame. These are conversations that we need to have, but the question of course for Canadians is: do they want to double down on conservative leadership when it comes to their their health care? Every single answer you give me comes back to that. It's a choice and they're facing. As you know, I'm not gonna. Give you a lot of detail in terms of numbers of what I'm gonna cut or how much things are gonna cost, but I'm gonna say trust me. Don't trust that guy. Your very first question to me today, as we were walking, was about what's the difference between running with a record now and running in 2015. Well, what I can say now is look at what we've done. Look at what we've been able to look at how we delivered on those province, promises to Canadians from the 2015 election of investing five and a half billion dollars in health care in a home care and another five billion dollars in mental health. Look at what we've done on actually reducing drug prices for Canadians. Look at the help that we've given to families with the Canada child benefit with lower taxes. For the middle class and raising them on the wealthiest 1%, yes, there is an advantage of having a record to run, because we can say that we did these things and we're going to be able to do the next things as well. That's what re-election is about and that's we're looking at Canadians and saying: we've got lots more to do and we have a vision and a plan to do that and the others. Well, they are putting forward well, the Conservatives are putting forward the exact same approach that Stephen Harper did I mean when they cut taxes, they cut taxes for the wealthy. That's what you see in every little piece of their plans. They put was not running in this campaign, but his platform. You ask Andrew Shearer where he differs from Stephen Harper and he will not answer you because so he is exactly the same frame of tax breaks to the wealthy in the hopes of creating growth. So, with respect, let's talk about you sure and not not the past. Conservatives is still the choice for four years ago. Your campaign was about sunny ways you promised Canadians. You would do politics differently. In the four years you've been office, they've been in office, you were found guilty twice of ethics violations. What have you learned from that that we continue to have more to do to demonstrate the kinds of translations? You name is a we as a government we, but these are musical issues. Where were you oh sure? Well, let's, let's talk about that, one where I was sticking up for Canadian jobs and trying to move forward in balancing in respecting our judiciary, while at the same time protecting Canadian jobs and even before the commissioners report came out, I had asked an expert panel, including headed up by Ann McClellan, to talk to all our former AG's, to figure out how we can make sure that governments in the future never get into that situation of having to balance these impossible things without a roadmap to do it. I understand that, but the ethics commissioner said you push too far I for partisan reasons. I accept the ethics commissioners report, but I disagreed with his conclusions, but I fully accept his report and therefore will move forward in measures to make sure that no future government has that has that conflict, but I will not apologize for standing up for Canadian jobs, because that is what Canadians expect me to do to fight for the public interest. You lost two female cabinet ministers who were prominent and star members of your cabinet, very well-respected, because they said they lost faith in faith in you. What did you learn from that? That's? That is a question for for them as to why they left. No. When I left you, when they are no longer part of your cabinet, I know you can argue about, they were kicked out of you that that relationship was severed and they said they lost faith in you as a leader. Why did you learn from that? Was there any soul-searching? There absolutely was- and we already brought in ways of connecting and communicating and dealing earlier on with people who have concerns there was there is a need to keep a better flow of communications within an organization, and that's one of the things that we've learned from getting back to the last campaign. Compared to this one. You promised a lot of things then, and some of them you've delivered on some of them. You've, not the first one electoral reform, balancing the budget meeting climate targets. I know you argue that you're on course, others say that we're not where we should be yeah. We are going to eat our climate targets, doing politics differently and you've been, as I said, to ethics violations. Why should Canadians trust you now, because we made a commitment to Canadians to grow the middle class and help people working hard to join it, and we delivered on that? You are today compared to the leader. You were for always every single day in this job. I learn more I learn better ways to do things. I grow in my capacity to serve Canadians, and that is something that that I feel every single day in our ability to do even more and that's reflected in the ambitious platform we're putting forward with a vision for the next four years. That is going to continue to take us in that right direction and that's that's a choice. People are facing. Do we continue to move forward, or do we go back so I think at the ballot box for a lot of people it comes down to when the two candidate to frontrunner are neck-and-neck. Although the polls today are suggesting you're falling behind a little bit that it comes down to who do we trust to run this country? That's a fundamental question about who you are as a leader, not just your policy. No, it's also a question about who has the better vision for the future, who gets where the country is go and has the team and the capacity to deliver on that, and that's why I'm so excited about contrasting? Yes, my vision with the vision of the Conservatives that does not have a clear vision for moving this country forward, whether it's on things like banning assault weapons. They want a week in gun control. We are going to strengthen gun control. They don't think we need to move forward on fighting for a cleaner future and protecting the environment. I know that's the only way to create jobs and a better future for our kids, and when it comes to taxes, we are all about lowering taxes for the middle class and for people working hard to join it. They are actually giving tax breaks to the wealthiest, because that's what they've always done this conservatives we're running out of time. There's a couple of quick questions. I want to get you bill. C21. You have been sitting on the fence about that. One saying: let's leave it to Quebec critics. Call it legislated discrimination. Can you make it clear to Canadians what you think about that legislation? I have made it very clear many times, I disagree with that legislation. I, do not think we should be legitimizing discrimination against anyone anywhere in this country and I've said it to Quebec, as I've said it to all Canadians, but at the same time, I know that the Charter is working. The way it needs to Quebecers have taken that legislation to court and are defending the Charter and we are watching it as it goes. But I am the only federal leader who has not said that I am never that I'm closing the door to intervening later. This is too important. This is a matter of fundamental freedoms for people and I. Don't think the federal government should close the door on that. Why? Don't you just say, I will interview, because I haven't made that determination, yet I am watching Quebecers defend their charter rights in court. Let me ask you about equalization payments. Premier Kenny has said he wants equalization reform and that he will call for it. No matter who is elected, Prime Minister. Are you open to that idea? We renewed the equalization formula. Has it currently stands based on a year worth of conversations with the premiers conversations with the provinces? We renewed a formula that was actually created, as it is now by Jason, Kenney and the government. He was part of so I think it's playing a lot of politics right now to be so upset about something that he set up for political gain right now, I am going to continue to to defend the system we have in place because it works, and, quite frankly, if Andrew Shearer disagrees with Jason Kenney or agrees with him, he needs to answer that question as well, because I'm going to continue to stand up for the national interest so taking the parties and stuff out of it, which is what I'm always trying to do. Do you believe that the equalization formula as it stands now is fair? Yes, everyone in the country and it'll stand the way it is it'll stand for the next for the rest of the five years that we renegotiated with support from all the provinces just just a year or so ago. One final question about opioids. Thousands of people are dying across this country have died and continue to die because of opioid overdoses in all walks of life. The Green Party has said they will decriminalize drug possession. Are you open to that idea? We are moving forward on things that actually work, whether it's a safe consumption, safe supply, harm reduction. We have demonstrated that we're moving forward on a evidence-based process, which involves front more funding for frontline workers, more addiction treatments, more supports for communities. There's lots more to do. We have done a lot, we're going to continue to do the things that work specifically. Are you open to the idea of decriminalizing right? You know right now we are focused on safe consumption and harm reduction. So that again, that's another question for the conservatives of why they want to turn back safe consumption and hard and reduction. This election is a choice. No we're not we're not looking at the full decriminalization at all right now. There are other things that we are doing, that having a big impact and we're going to make decisions based on science and again it goes back to the choice that Canadians are facing. Do we continue to base our decisions on science and saving lives with things like safe consumption, or do we go backwards as the Conservatives are proposing and one more question you're taking a lot of heat for not costing your platform, our platform will be absolutely fully costed and we are working when we release our full platform very shortly very shortly in the next week very shortly, you can't expect Canadians to believe all the promises. Nothing comes for free right, you need we've. We demonstrated in 2015 an incredibly ambitious platform that was fully costed, we're doing exactly that again and this time we get to work with the PBO, because we made a change that ensured that every party could work with the PPO to make that Parliamentary Budget Officer to make sure that their platforms are properly costed. All right! Well, look for that mr. Trudeau. Thank you. So much always a pleasure. Thank you.