On August 5th 2019, the government of India scrapped a seventy-year-old provision that had given special autonomy status to the state of Jammu and Kashmir known as article 370. This was the reaction. Kashmir has long been a point of contention between India and Pakistan. The state is divided between both countries, but both claimed the region in its entirety. The tensions date back to 1947 when India gained independence from the British Empire and the princely state of Kashmir was free to decide which country to join India or Pakistan the ruler of Kashmir, Hindu, Maharaja, Hari Singh, initially opted to remain independent, but that didn't last very long. Following a Pakistani military invasion. He signed Kashmir over to India in return for military assistance, so long as the new state would retain its autonomy within the subcontinent, at least until a final decision was made about its rule. Thus, article 370 was born added to India's Constitution. It granted the state more autonomy than other Indian states, a separate constitution, a state flag autonomy over the internal administration of the state, meaning the state has the right to its own decision-making process for all matters except defense. Communications and Foreign Affairs, however, the article was supposed to be temporary. It highlighted that it could only be abolished with the consent of the legislative body which drafted the state constitution problem is that body dissolved itself in 1957 an article 370 became a permanent part of the Constitution India's. Current prime minister believes, however, that the President of India does have the power to revoke the article. India also got rid of article 35, a which used to prevent Indian citizens from outside the state to purchase land or property in Jammu and Kashmir. Now they can some fear. This may lead to demographic and cultural change in the Muslim majority region. Pakistan calls the decision illegal and unconstitutional and hopes the United Nations will pressure India to reverse it. Kashmiri leaders have labeled it the darkest day in India's democracy.