Yes, you know we took out all of the plastic in our home and we make specific decisions that are based on the environment and just even to teach them like. Why are all of the plastic containers in our home in our pantry gone and it's now all glass, and how do we recycle and what is compostable trash bags now, like? What does that mean? And how do you actually compost them? I mean those are like real decisions. I have in my household, absolutely I would love. You know my chil I would love everyone to meet her I. Think she's, like I, said such a brave and strong young woman that has really stood up for what she believes in I would really love to speak to her parents and to see how they've encouraged her like. Did she always have that in her or do how did they support her in being who she wants to be, knowing that speaking on a big platform invites a lot of different opinions and personalities, and how do they manage that and I think that everyone makes their own choices and decisions and I I? Think that, like I said no one's gonna, be perfect, I'm, not they're, not I, don't know who is and I still love and value the fact that they bring such attention to such important movements that need to happen and things that they're really passionate about, because they're still changing the world. Well, I actually wasn't really a part of production at the beginning, and so it was a tons of samples from many different factories and so I picked. Quality and I didn't ask that. Well, whereas each one made and no one thought to tell me until after production, so we're in five different countries- and we are I'm- really excited because tonight, I have a meeting that I'm gonna talk about future investments and how to open up a factory here and how to really bring business to Armenia and so I mean I, already know that I really want to study criminal law, and you know, but you have to go through the motions of contracts and torts and civil and everything else, but I've really enjoyed the process and I believe that I've just always been really curious and the more that I know about. What's going on in the fields that I really want to know about them, the more things I can do to help. So it's really important to me to get my law degree and and to really stick it through am almost done with year. One- and you know it's been really challenging, especially with my schedule, but it's really important to me. I spent a lot of time visiting prisons and some of the most enlightened people I've ever met some of the smartest people and the people that know law. The best are people that are spending time in prison and I would love to open up a firm and hire formerly incarcerated, people that have spent so much time having to fight for their lives inside, and they know the law better than anybody and I think I would have the best firm. If I had a firm of, formerly incarcerated people I think it's an extremely important job and I've never really set out to be in politics, I! Think I've, always just you know, especially as I get older as I have children, you evolve and you grow and I've become just I care. A lot about people, and so I I just would want to continue that doing what I'm doing if I can help people and if I meet with you know the President to help I hope, I have a long relationship with future presidents and can continue the work that I do absolutely not I, don't think I am I, think I'm done. I, really, you know to raise a really responsible kind. Human being takes a lot of time, dedication and with all of the other work that I'm doing I, don't want to be that parent that doesn't spend enough time with each of my children. It's really important to me so I think four is my limit. Thank you.