Me they hold it down. For me, the rebrand, a supreme man when Fox babies make one thread of Luke with water, don't fix it. The question game, ladies, came to the right place since you wanted Batman see like Jerry went home nice down me, my pushin. Don't allocate no one prayed in my town, chitty-chitty, the crazy hello everyone. My name is Brian seaman. I am the voice of your Los Angeles, Clippers and I'm, pretty sure I speak, but I'm pretty sure I speak for everybody. When I say we are so excited for you to be here today to celebrate a truly historic moment for the Clippers, the organization and their fans. Before we begin, I would love nothing more than to acknowledge all of the Clippers staff that are here lining the back of the gym. They know the magnitude of this moment better than maybe anybody else. So thank you for joining us. As we celebrate again a terrific day as we get started, I would love to thank Green, Meadows, Recreation Center for hosting us today. This court, this court, that we're sitting on is one of 350 that have been renovated and refurbished by the Clippers in partnership with the Department of Recreation and Parks. It has been truly an undertaking for the Clippers organization and the city of Los Angeles I would love to welcome from the LA Parks Foundation Carolyn Ramsey and Judith Kieffer California State Senator, Stephen, Bradford, LA, councilmember, current price state assembly, member Sydney, Kim la garde of state Assemblymember, Reggie, Jones, Sawyer's senior, Inglewood, Mayor, James, T butts, of course, our clipper partners, Fox Lexus, Cedar, sinai and chick-fil-a, and last but not least, the incredible kids of Green Meadows, who are sitting right here in the middle. Give it up now to officially kick things off. I would love to bring up the team president of basketball operations. Mr. Lawrence Frank how's everyone doing today right they gave me these huge, huge two cards make sure I don't mess it up all right. The first of all welcome. Thank you all for being here. This is a landmark moment for the Clippers franchise and our fans I want to recognize some of the people who made this possible first and foremost. Why and Paul? Thank you for deciding to be Clippers. It means a great deal for players of this magnitude to decide to be clippers and to put their trust in us. Wise, mother, Kim Robertson cries uncle Dennis Robertson, his agent Mitch Frankel of impact sports and all of Weis family and friends from the Inland Empire in San, Diego we'd like to thank Paul and Paulette George Paul's agent, Aaron, Mintz of CAA sports and all his family and friends from LA in the Antelope Valley we're honored to be united. Today, none of us would be here today without this man, Steve Ballmer. Ok, when Steve bought the team five years ago, his intention was to make the LA Clippers the ultimate destinations for players and their families. He's made an unbelievable commitment to make sure every day that we're striving towards that goal. There are so many people, both in basketball operations and business operations, who contributed to help make this moment possible. I can't possibly list them all, but our gratitude is there, but there are a couple vital members that I do want to acknowledge that had a huge part in helping us get to where we are today. First Doc Rivers championship head coach, jerry west, the greatest architect. There is in the game and then I have an unbelievable team of guys, michael winger, our general manager, Trent redden, our assistant general manager, Mark Hughes, our assistant general manager and our president of business operations, billions of who all provided tremendous support and insight. Throughout this process. Last year, dot called our group a black top team because of the toughness and grit that they brought to the court. Our players and coaches deserve a ton of credit. Today it was the culture that they created that made Hawaii and Paul want to join our group. So again, we want to acknowledge just what they've set forth and what we're going to continue to build on and I think the things that, in terms of talking equai and talking to Paul, it's the toughness the hard play, the drama free in the premiere market in the National Basketball Association we'd like to acknowledge right now, two players who won't be returning shake guiltless, Alexander and Danilo Gallinari Shay is gonna, be a special player in this league. Gala is already a high performer. We wish them nothing, but the best and we'll be pulling for him throughout their careers as much as we loved our team last year, we knew we needed at leat talent to compete at the highest level. One of the hardest things that do in the NBA is to get one superstar, let alone two superstars who respect and complement each other like Kauai and Paul. Do it was only a month ago that collide took home, another Finals MVP trophy. He is a champion. He is a winner. He wins everywhere. He goes from King high school to San. Diego State to the NBA Paul shares many of those same qualities, he's an elite scorer and a relentless defender who is one of the most versatile players in the NBA. One of the reasons we stockpile draft picks was to trade for a foundational star like Paul, Kauai and Paul, our franchise changing players who are force multipliers. They make everyone in the organization better they're the two best two-way players in our game. Today they work relentlessly for everything they get and they always have since they're prepping collegiate days, not too far away from here. We didn't just pursue because their tremendous talents we pursued them because they fit so well together. Amongst our group, as well and in quiet Paul, the roster is both an immense privilege and a huge responsibility. One we take seriously. They expect to win championships. So do we, we can't wait to partner with them and maximize the extraordinary opportunity in front of us. Thank you. Next I would love to bring up the head coach of your Los Angeles Clippers Doc Rivers. Thank you, how's, everyone doing, I didn't get any cue cards like Mike Lawrence has so I'm. Just doing this from what I see number one, thank you Kauai and PG all right, but this is not. This is a great moment right, but what everybody agree with that? This is a good moment. It's not our finest moment. That's coming! You know what I'm saying and that's that's. Why we're here today we're here to celebrate all right, we're here to celebrate that not only just the Clipper brand. This feels more like a movement to me. It really does, but this is more about what's coming and that not today today is for them. Today is a great day for them and for the franchise. But then, when you guys leave the gym, we're gonna get to work and that's the moment that we want, but we've done some winning. We want to be the winner. That's our go! Well I'm super proud to introduce this next gentleman. Five years ago he bought the Los Angeles Clippers and, if you've ever been to a game from basically 2014 to the last game we played, you have witnessed firsthand his energy, his passion, his emotion that he has for the Clippers. Please welcome Clippers chairman Steve Ballmer love, you dare I. Have these notes, but I, say I'm. Just fired up to be here today be cool, we're cool, Wow, I'm, just delighted. You know I'm proud of what we did. Last year we had a hell of a team, played the right way, hard gritty, taut resilient. That's what the Clippers are about and I didn't lose great season. Great season. 48 wins great season, not what we want, but a very great season, I'm, so proud of the guys we have I'm so proud of the guys who are coming back. We got the guys who I think will be perfect, put together with Paul and Kai's to really give us the chance to do the only real thing we want to do. I gotta, say being number two being number four we're only here. For one reason we want to win it all. There's only one reason: I'm proud of our leadership team to put us in this position where we could put together two of the guys who I have most admired throughout their careers. I'm excited about that proud of the guys who who got us here, I'm proud to be here in this rec center. I know: kids, we've got you out of your routine today, but I'm proud to be here with you. It's real honored to have a chance to be here and have this be so welcome in this place, matters a lot to the Clippers. What our world is like off the court and the contributions we get to make and the contributions our players get made, but most of all, I'm pumped, say hello as Clippers falling yeah. That's why we're here today we got two guys who I am so excited to have two guys who are tough, watch and play they're tough, I love the toughness two guys who, every year every year, have gotten better every year. That's the kind of that's what I'm inspired by that work, offseason off-court work, work, work, work, work, two guys, two guys who are MVP guys: Paul was having the most impressive season year; no yeah little injury. Third in the MVP voting; third, a guy who could be first. Third, why MVP of the NBA Finals man? That's pretty damn good, you don't think we can win some baggage this year with Poliquin. Our team want to win some ball games, but there's only a few games. We need to need. We need to win the last game played during the NBA season. That's the game. We got to win. I said something when they won the championship this year about Valerio, be the only thing that matters is the Larry old pee when I first got here, I think I called it the Lawrence O'brien from now on. It's all about the very old B, so we're gonna get a chance to hear quiet all here in a minute, but we did a little video we'd like to show you first thanks for the support my goal was to get to the EPA and finally : from Lorena Valley California, trying to be mind clear, I, don't make a name for myself he's one of the very best forwards in all of college basketball. You know: I've been working. My whole life to get here, I like to win games and be a champion for myself growing up in Palm D'or I knew I loved the game. I didn't know how far he was gonna. Take me. I just feel like I got a lot of potential to continue to grow. Do not think the sky's the limit, the Indiana Pacers select poll, Kawhi Leonard from San Diego State University, the superstar new inquiry are pretty close. Those two players align with a roster that is deep. They are talented, deep and stacked with Houston. We both some Intel guys. Why is a close Paul George is a closing George over the we both wanted to play for the city, the Los Angeles clipper. This is something special. Ladies and gentlemen. Paul George and Kawhi Leonard Paul will check to make some opening remarks. Thank you. Oh man, Wow lustful words, but uh. That's dead, dead, I'm, extremely excited extremely happy to be back home. First and foremost. I just want to thank both Thunder organization. Mr. Banyon Sam Presti, a partnership that we had. There was a great two years there for me. You know helped me find my way back home and very appreciative of that moment. It's pretty dope. It's pretty awesome, I, remember uh when I was in India and we drafted why I was a little confused by it, because I was the two Gardere and Quietus of composition and I was pretty nervous for that competition. I was coming, but would be fast for that and knowing what I know now being the player that I am the player he developed into I wish they would have kept at bay. Special things in Indiana play it's great to fast sports, where we had now you're both here in LA. It just seems like it's. This was destined, there's postal play together. So here we are Thank You mr. Baumer, hello, Frank, coach, I'm, looking forward to this journey with you and we will make it happen lar way, and now the two-time Finals MVP Kawhi Leonard, oh yeah, me too, just before I get started on my clickers. You know, I think the wrong director things. You know: I have social media, so paragraph or whatever, like I, was going to say just think of Toronto. The city of the country, you know it's a great amazing season, best Parade ever thanks to the doctors, for you know, delivering my baby. My baby boy he's three months now and still healthy. Also when also we just wanted to you know thank the city as far as the restaurants, you know giving up that quiet died throughout the playoffs took advantage of that. You know the players, he already knows context. Facetiming will talk. Coaches staff as well, and the whole organization really just think the whole see. Thank you, but now I'm on my next journey, I think we've got a great feature. Paul is always a player that I wanted to play with, like you, just saying and I got dropped into the faces of Mike. They already got a you know, toy player, pretty much. You know, as our career is moved forward. You know, I'll see how it develops. Er, develop and I wonder if we would have stayed in Indiana. You know we're here together in LA, both Southern Cal guys play right down the street with each other in a Honda Center, not with each other but game after one. Another championship game then watching them. Since then, you know now me on the Clippers and is just I think we got something special. We could make history here, and you know we got the right team that you receive Lawrence and Doc championship head, coach and I'm excited. You know watching that video that they just presented all ready to go. We're gonna, open it up for questions here in just a second they'll, be some wireless mics passed around. We are live on Fox. So if you could, please state your name and affiliation and wait for the microphone before you talk. It would be appreciated by all I'll start it off, while I'll send it your way. First, what does it mean to be playing basketball for you here in Los, Angeles in front of friends and family means a lot to me. You know these are the Clippers, probably one of the first NBA games. I, can't. Obviously it's a different staff organization. Now, as far as the people, that's leading it but just be able to you, know, friends, my family hood, you know jar to the game. Watch me players. You know method and they will just enjoy the time here. It is gonna, be great. Oh, how exciting is for you that your basketball career brings you back here to Los Angeles I. Think the same as you know what Clyde said: I'll just family friends just being able to be here full-time the interactions I have with you know. People are grew up. People that's been around since I've been a kid I'm here be touched. Am able to you know, be here, full-time, be around my niece nephews. My kids here dirty work, their cousins, it's just you know, I, think it's a great fit all around the longest month played back home and see what that was like do something from a hometown, so I'm I think now. I'm here raise your hand name affiliation. Wireless mic should be passed around. Of course. The first question always goes to generations. Welcome home. What does it mean to you that all these young people here and business rumbles for your press conference and the other hitters? What was it like? And what was it about the Clippers? It may be one poison to them. When you have so many options for me, I grew up. A Clippers fan, I think I answered the first part. First, I think this is pretty awesome. I was as much as the Clippers fan. I was I was a Kobe fan. Kobe like was my so I think now what Meatwad can do? We didn't? You know inspire the next generation to want to go out in that quote. I think how we play it's a lost art in the NBA, what God's gonna get after it on both ends and that's how Kobe was for me. He was a guy that didn't care who he matched up against foods from play against. He wanted to be beaten both hands, and that was what I was used to watching, throwing up so I think for us. We get that the same opportunity to give back to the next generation kind of rebranding basketball in essence, but you know Clippers been my team, so for me it was a chance to come back home and be a part of something that was already special I'm, not a guy that coming with an ego, you know that um demand like I, want to be a part of something special I want to help build something special, and you know this is surreal, be home. Do it for a team that I grew up in and wanted to be a part of ever since they missed out being trapped. That wasn't all that wasn't on Steve's time so nobody's here, so it's cool, let that roads go away. You know, for me, we'll just feel, like you know the dark being a championship head coach. You know, that's something that I wanted experience, coach and the front office is, you know very uh transparently. You know they want to win. I want to win again, I know just this opportunity for us that just build our own. You know what I mean to make history. They haven't been to a Finals. They haven't won a finals, so you know that was something big and exciting. For me to you, know, make my decision guys damn lucky with the Los Angeles Times question, for both of you there's a culture: that's anyplace around a little bit of team that played a certain style with a certain intensity. Lassie I'm curious. How much of what was here last year and certified, and you factor in your decision I think is just how I play you know pretty much just as good, but it says black top team they're going hard. They have it all with me as far as I'm seeking every attention you know it's not my night or not my game. You know I'm willing to pass the ball and do it. What it takes to win I feel like they have that culture yeah I mean that was the biggest attraction with just how hard they play and I mean we coached up honestly getting everything out of this players. I mean asked us such a special gear. Postgrads. You should see their connection on Cory. You know everybody's on the same page. Their buttocks ability one another and everybody elevated, you know their canes, so you know to be a part of that that you know camaraderie would be a part of what they already had just sprinkling will be know how to offer. You know, that's that's what made it such an attractive attractive. You know spot for me yet I'm gonna shell, one of these been uh I'm gonna. Try to ask two questions. If you can yeah first question is what conversations have you guys have the doc about how you're gonna build this team and how you're gonna play so far? And the second question is: is simply what both you I was a free agent Paul. You got here in a different way, but about two factors into this idea that we have about player, empowerment and players getting to choose where they want B & B, where they want to be just sort of your thoughts on we both rank in that conversation. Well to answer the first question me and doc still got a dinner to go to. He blew me off I'm house-hunt, pretty good excuse for right now, but you know I. You know I look forward to the dinner and to really just unravel you know, figure out what wants me, what I need to do? We go from there and just with the whole player empowerment, stuff I mean I. Didn't do nothing, I was you know, I work click it there, and you know it was a mutual game between both of us that you know the time was what's up, and you know we both had ideas of doing things differently. So I don't think, there's nothing wrong with it. I think this should be sure, pretty even being if both parties can be on the same page. At the end of the day, they got a career. As far as you know, the team and players have a career as well. So as long as there's a mutual respect between both with Doc, you know he gave we watched a few clips together. Talk had lunch, but you know this is not over. Yet you know still operated was getting a room, not just us three, it's gonna be a team effort. Making this work, the 15 kind of bitch, has to be everyone's will to know what he needs to do is roll. You know we still got things to build on. We have still gone through the transition, as you know, Paul said he's house and everybody still trying his cell. So you know that work yourself out. As far as the player of power you mean I mean I was afraid so I'll get you out already hey guys, Miriam Swanson, Southern California's group. Welcome back so Callie you guys Congrats Kauai on the baby boy question you guys it's sort of you're talking about the front office, transparency. That was important because a little bit words that and then why was it important for you quite a fennec business dealing? It was quite during this process. Just because this you know a lot of things are made up now in today's world with NBA you could, you know, start a website or blog. You know push that out and say cause I miss my man, but it's always important to me. You know me to understand: I mean everyone who just be transparent. It was good or bad. You know, I feel that that Beatles a great relationship. You know you know. Once we had our meeting I felt like they were truthful. They were not that really got out. It was a dirty City. Like I said we had a head coach, Geter must've made me. You know the good for how this whole orange watch might need a little bit yeah over here bill, classy, Los, Angeles Times for PG and Hawaii over here. You both grew up here. You understand the dynamics of the of the NBA in this town and a giant shadow cast over the Clippers by the Lakers all these years. How important it for both of you to lead this team out of that shadow I mean as far as the last few years as far as a basketball standpoint, favors have been better, but it's just this media. You know, I mean they're gonna, get the attention. The Los Angeles Lakers, gonna change for a long time, but like I was saying it's just a media aspect. Even if we do win, who knows how the coverage will change over and I? Don't feel like I'm focused on that I'm just wondering you know, I do things that make myself and my teammates happy. Whatever is on our goal and my you know: that's gonna, be my focus and drive to just make us happy and because, if a championship win and we're gonna get no coverage, that's fine with me. Um I mean I, just think Lakers as Lakers. We got our own identity, we chasing something else. You know we we not looking at the Battle of LA. You know we got bigger things in mind and bigger goals to accomplish other. In you know the shadow and like none of that really means anything. You know they they got to come out perform the same way. We got to come out before I think for us at the end of the day, we want to be holding that trophy and that's all that matters we'll build our legacy and we'll build our our clipper nation along the way time for one more question: no Andrew Greg from the Los Angeles Times, there's a lot of anticipation about seeing what you two can do together on the court, but a collide last year he had a lot of success. I mean you can warp load in at the right time for playoffs. How important is that to approach this year, this same and then Paul? What is your realistic timetable for being back on the court coming off here, I mean last Cheryl's I came in here. You know not fully healthy, so you know we laid out is pretty much the schedule for myself and to see what that's the possible fit for it for me for a long time to everything and issue in for what's gonna make the team better. But you know this year coming up. I feel like imma, be at full strength. You know it's just one of those things. You just take it down bro, to see how your body's feeling you know it's a day that anything if anything comes up. You know how many being season is it's a battle, 82 games, but the goal right now is to play this season. So we'll see what happens for me, there's no no set date. I mean I've, been progressing really really well I'm at a great point right now, my rehab, you know so it's this. You know take our time look forward to returning whenever that day is and just being understand, healthy, well, I'd like to thank everybody and ask questions. I would like now to have doc, Lawrence and Steve come up we'll do the jersey presentation both Kauai. Well, thank you, everybody for being here. We have one more thing, but first we have to get moving outside. These kids have been flawless through this whole time, so we need to get them moving. But what I'm going to ask for you to the love.