Today is not a celebration: it's a deep sigh of relief. We have lost so many of our heroes and, sadly, more will continue to get sick and war will die and today is not about the politicians who are here to serve the public. We work for the people here, standing with us and those who couldn't be here today, it's all about them their families, their selfless service and that they answered the call of duty when our nation asks it's about the people standing behind me, who have been here for weeks and months and years over and over and over again coming back here, where they never should have had to do that. So before I answer these so before I introduce our speakers. I just want to thank so many of the people who worked so hard to make this bill permanent Jon, Stewart and John feel International Association of firefighters and especially the New York City, uniformed firefighters and fire officers, Police Benevolent Association sergeants, benevolent association, federal law, Enforcement Officers, Association, National, Association of police organization, Port Authority PBA, New, York, State, afl-cio, dc37, American, Federation of State County and Municipal Employees. New York City Building Trades, United, Federation of Teachers Operating Engineers, laborers citizens for extension of the James Zadroga Act plumbers, and by name Ben Shabbat Suzy, Valentine, Chris, Graham, Burke, Andy, Edmiston, Shannon, Meisner, Pegg, seminary Oh, dr. James, melius, a memorandum Emory and the entire field: good foundation team, rich Palmer, Matt, McCauley, Mike, O'connell, Kenny, SPECT, Keith, Elmer, Keith, Delmar, Kenny, Ehlers, Annmarie, príncipe Yvonne, Sanchez, Joe, Mackay, Mike, Clancy, Dave, Turner, Troy, Hutchinson, Brendan, Fitzpatrick, ray sikozu, Kowski Rafael, Orosco, Phil, Alvarez, David, Alvarez, Fernando, Alvarez, Tom, Wilson, Bryen, McGuire, mark Mack, Tyson, Jones, Phil, Rizzo, Karen, Pfeiffer, eight oligo, al Williams, rich trial, Donnell Holbrook, Kevin swag bomb Elias, whose mama Dean Robert LaRoche Michael, Michael, bearish, Bridget, Bromley, Lila, Nordstrom, lead, London, Sean, Riordan, Frank, Chacho, Rob, Sarah, Bryan, Donnelly, Jerry severs and Margaret Alvarez I, now like to introduce Senator, Chuck, Schumer and I can tell you. You've never had a fighter like Senator Schumer on your side, someone who's, never given up who's, never given in who's made sure he stood by for every single time. This bill passed senator schumer. Thank you senator Gillibrand, and let me thank you for the amazing job you have done. She worked the floor endlessly getting names that we never thought like cotton and Cruz who could be on this bill and the proof for the pudding, the great job she did and all the people behind me did is set in two numbers 97 and to 97 and to righteousness, sometimes sometimes in this mangled town sometimes prevails and thank God. Today it did I want to thank all the people in Kirsten thanked most of all, all the folks behind us. Now they can do what they want to do. They never wanted to come here. They would have rather been with their families with their brothers and sisters who they knew were ill with their friends. Ministering caring as our first responders are trained to do and have always done not on 9/11, but on every day, and now they can go back and do what they really wanted to do. They didn't want to be here, they didn't like being here, but they had a sense of duty and nevertheless they persisted and we've achieved. This goal. I'd like to say, particularly, we have great 21st century heroes whose names are a droga and Pfeiffer and Alvarez and I'd say to the Zadroga and Pfeiffer and Alvarez families, many of whom are here. Your losses, painful as they are, are not in vain, as today shows the men you lost and all the others did what the Bible says. We should all do not curse the darkness but light a candle and today that candle burns very, very brightly so to all of our friends who made this happen for all of us who now breathe one gigantic sigh of relief, particularly the men and women behind me. Thank you. This is tough times for America. Sometimes we doubt its goodness and it's awfully hard to have that good shine through. But today it did. Thank god it did. Let it be a beacon to everyone else. I put on this play at 9:00, 12:01 I, wear it every day it represented close to 3,000 people who were lost, and unfortunately, every day this flag represents more people, but we'll never take it off. As long as there are brave people who stood up for us and this flag and all flags will remind us that we have to stand up for them who's next, next speaker is senator Cory Gardner, who had the courage and bravery to lead the fight on behalf of the Republicans in our chamber. Quite pregnant Thank, You senator Gillibrand, for your incredible leadership on this on September 11th. The days following. We all remember what our country was going through. The flags that were waving and draped across bridges. People standing on street corners rallying to their nation's cause. The men and women standing in this group today didn't hesitate to take that call. I can't put into words the people that I have met with here or a home who did so much for this country, not knowing that it could cost them their life for a loved one's life, not knowing they would ever doubt Congress and the resolve of this place to do what is right, but out of the ashes and debris of September 11th, arose, hope and courage and strength and commitment, and those acts resulted in a vote today of 97 to -. I won't forget, we won't forget, and today you know all of them that this country stands with you and for you. Thank you for your work. You resolve your sacrifice, your commitment and courage, because when this country is called upon again, we can all say please stand up, because we have proven that we will stand up for you. That's what we've done. Our next two speakers are John feel 9/11. First responder and 9/11 health advocate and John Stewart. You know, Mitch McConnell said politics is a contact sport. These people lead the lumba; they they tackle the Congress and then the Senate and I can't be more proud of them. You know when I was here a couple weeks ago we tested on the house. I said this is no longer about legislation. We knew we were gonna get the bill passed. This is about the bond and the friendship of those on the hill, those in the media and those who I walk the halls of Congress. With passing this legislation, there's no joy, there's no comfort, yes, I cried with John, but that was to exhale that was to get 18 years of pain and suffering out and I. Believe it's out, I'm gonna ask my team now to put down your swords and pick up your rapes and go home, and hopefully we don't have to come back when I'm going to miss the most about DC is nothing and no offense to Chuck and Kirsten, and Carolyn and Peter, who and I'm not being biased there dad better people than they are elected officials and they're. Pretty good elected officials and I and I mean that sincerely, and you know to Mitch McConnell. He kept his word to me. He kept his word to those men that were in the meeting with me and my while I don't always agree with his politics. He was honest. He was sincere and everything he said he did so I think Senate, Majority, Leader, Mitch McConnell, that's for Rand, Paul and Mike Lee told you so we whipped your asses 97 2 to 97. When when does the Senate ever get, that I mean I'm just so proud of these guys behind women behind me, what Dave accomplished and what they sacrificed that they drove down 95 countless time stopping and rest was taking medications having their wives and yelling at me, make sure my husband takes his medication watching them throw up watching them shake watching them cry their toll on these guys physically and mentally I. Don't know how much longer they would have made it, but I know we would not have made it to December where we would have got attached to a larger vehicle in 2010 we got unanimous consent, the 2015 we got attached to a larger vehicle. We saw an opportunity, we had a small window and we took advantage of it and we're leaving DC on all terms and we're going out with dignity and class. We got I was straight up and down vote 97 to 2. That is the most amazing thing. I've ever seen and I'll leave you with this in the beginning of change. The patriot is a scarce man, brave hated and scorned when his cost exceeds the timid, join him for then, of course, nothing to be a patriot, Mark Twain. My next speaker is John. Stewart and I have to say this is a man who didn't have to do what he did. He spent all the capital he had gained over a lifetime of success and he spent it helping the people here. Yes, I think we can all agree on the real hero hard, not to see it. That way, there's been the honor of my life to work with the men and women behind me today. It's about the heart James, who drove good and Joe in the integrity of rape, fight fur and the courage of Lou Alvarez and the tenacity of John feel they they lifted this 9/11 community on their shoulders and they carried them home and I will always be so proud to have been associated with it, and we can never repay all that the 9/11 community has done for our country, but we can stop penalizing them, and today is that day that they can excel, because, unfortunately, the the pain and suffering of what these heroes continue to go through is going to continue. There have been too many funerals too many hospices. These families deserve better and I'm, really I'm hopeful that today begins the process of being able to heal without the burden of having to advocate and I will follow you whatever your next adventure shall be. Our next speaker is congresswoman carolyn Maloney, who has worked this bill for almost 20 years, and she has worked from the very beginning as the first person to introduce it and someone who never gave up. First of all, I want to recognize and thank the first responders and the survivors and their families for their selfless and tireless work on this bill, and thank you to my colleagues in the House, a speaker Pelosi leader Hoyer, and my very good friend, congressman Nadler and King, for their leadership. Nadler cannot be with us. He gives his warmest regards and they led us to 402 to 12 in the house. I think it's the most strongest bipartisan vote. Building on that is this vote today in the Senate I I thank our advocates, uh John field, John Stewart and really the the real Twin Towers of New York. The inspiration to me throughout this bill their work on that day, the police and fire New York Fire Department York Police Department, for what they do for us every day and today of the extraordinary leadership of senators. Gillibrand, Schumer and Gardner were evidenced with this very strong vote where we passed the never forget the heroes, James Zadroga ray Pfeiffer and Luis Alvarez permanent authorization of the September 11th Victims Compensation Fund Act, that's the title of the bill and it would not have happened without all the people standing here today. Labor advocates families, everyone. It has been an honor to stand beside you in this fight, I just wish it hadn't taken so long and that we hadn't lost so many friends along the way, including the 18 we've lost in the past two weeks since louis alvarez died. This moment is for James Zadroga, a fight for Louis Alvarez and what they stand for and all of the others who have gotten sick or passed away because of their time spent at Ground, Zero, the Pentagon and the Shanksville crash site. The vote today is a win for our country and the heroes and survivors who were there for us. The 9/11 community now knows that they and their families have the measure of security that comes with the permanent funding of the Victims Compensation Fund permanently for their lives. We we have a moral obligation to take care of the people who took care of us and those who take care of them first and foremost, for what they did on 9/11 in the days and weeks and months that passed afterwards, but secondly, because of the toxic lie that our government told them that it was safe to work on the pile when it was not. We want to underscore and be clear that 9/11 was an attack on our nation, not just on New York and the people who need and deserve this program live in all 50 states and in 433 out of the 435 congressional districts. If you remember 9/11, you remember that we as a nation vowed to never forget today the Senate kept that promise. Today we did the right thing for the right reason for the right people today is a day of which all Americans can be proud. God bless our heroes in our nation and thank you all right. Our net speaker I feel like the cutoff I would wear the coat till we pass the bill. Well done. Our next speaker is Jose Drogo, the father of NYPD, detective James Zadroga was the first to die because of a 911 illness. Hey is it today is a great day. Let me tell you it started for this: a Drogo family, December 2001. He came home sick. We went to the hospital, we went to Columbia Presbyterian, that's all monologist in this state, and you know what he told us: I'm, not gonna, treat it and that went on for five years. Trying to get him help. Try to get him. Treatment went to hospital torn out of hospital at the hospital spoke to news TV stations, nobody wanted the story, nobody wanted to talk about. It took his death for it to come to light that people were sick and only then did the TV challenge from down News Channel. Come down and took up the story if it wasn't for that medical examiner in New Jersey who had the guts to come out and say he died from 9/11. Who knows how much longer it would have been before the governor came to realize? Not realized meant that people were dying from 9/11 illnesses, I'm gonna thank a lot of people here. I know: I'm gonna forget a lot of people, but we have to mention the people that were there from the start, I I was asked to speak in front of a congressional hearing and Senator Hillary Clinton was there. She took up the fight. She was the first one to take up the fight for the responders she got billed as for the police and the fire, and later on for all responders. Congresswoman Maloney was right there with her. I will never forget her I. Never forget nilly and Senator Gillibrand picked up the fight when Hillary moved on to other things. First time on TV Neil, Caputo 20 seconds on TV speaking about 911 about people dying, I said didn't yell I said 20 seconds. This is after this game. Don't worry kid? This is going to go. This is going to go past, didn't know what TV recognition did, but we moved on I'd like to thank the North, the NYPD. They were great taking care of Tyler in after her father died. One thing they do: they take care that office. We had it for 17 years, she's, 17 years old, now, I'm so proud of her and I'm, proud that we're here today and we got this bill passed I'm, proud that in the Jimmy's name, is on there. I'm proud that he's like got two other girls on there with them. God knows that they belong there and God blessed them. God bless our families. A couple I sold the families of 9/11 and finally I just wanted- think he's not here today and then even know him TJ. It was my sidekick. He was on that. Kick me an ass. When I was down, he told me we got to go out there and get things done. He was the one I remember how to get around this place. I never would always been lost at the time. So you know I thanked him and, of course my wife yeah. She was there for me. A little warm I was here for her. If it wasn't for her I, don't know if I could have survived all these years, but again it wasn't for God I, don't know if I would survive but again I like it on the high notes. Thank God. It's done it's past and hopefully God. We never have to come back here again. For this reason, all I want to come back for is, you think, got it? Thank you. Our next speaker is Karin Pfeiffer she's, the wife of New York City, firefighter ray Pfeiffer. It was lost earlier this year good afternoon. Unfortunately, my speech I was told, was supposed to be before the vote so I'll play around anyway. My name is Karin Pfeiffer. My husband was FDNY firefighter ray Pfeifer ray responded to the New York City World Trade Center 9/11 attacks that day he lost many of his dear friends and his fellow firefighters. We continue to respond to Ground Zero over the many weeks and months on a recovery mission to bring back the remains of his fallen brothers. All the while ray was a voice for all first responders who were suffering from illnesses they contracted as a result of their rescue and recovery efforts at Grant, Ground Zero I am here to be raised. Voice Ray was part of this team to feel good foundation team. They were working to get the passage of health care bills over the years. Getting the support they needed. Ray's passion was to help walas brothers and sisters dying from 9/11 illnesses and Ray came down here many times with the team in his wheelchair up and down the halls and doing the best he could. Unfortunately, Ray was diagnosed in 2009 with stage 4 cancer, which started with the pain in his hips ray was a husband, a father and a firefighter which he lived for where he will never see his children married or meet his grandchildren ray passed away. May 28th 2017 we watched ray, suffer in pain for seven years with 11th surgery. These team members have traveled down here. Numerous times walking the halls and advocating for our heroes, they all deserve our thanks. Their hard work for the responders have had paid off and I just want to thank the dissenter in the Congress for Ray's name was so honored to have Ray's name on the legislation. I mean it was so proud. Then I know Ray's looking down today and just saying god bless you all, and it's finally done. We could all be at peace now we don't have to worry. Our families will be ok and then let these heroes rest in peace and and I mean I'm exhausted. Our next speaker is congressman. Excuse me, our next speaker is Congressman. Peter, King and I just want to thank Peter for leading the charge from the Republican side from the beginning of this advocacy. Thank you for your leadership and strength. Thank You Kirsten. Only just at the outset thank kissing, a jobber incentive, Shulman structure Murr at Senator, Cory Gardner. It was a great voice in the Senate on the Republican side. I want to thank him for was bipartisan. Efforts in the house, of course, suratul and Carol Maloney I want to work again. They've been there from the start. I want to commend them forward: NYPD, Port, Authority, police, FDNY, destruction, unions, labor unions, so many of the advocates citizens definitely a neighborhood. This was a tremendous victory today, but it's bittersweet because we know, and so in celebrating, is want to call that a victory. We also remember those who died, those who was sick today, those become sick in the future. So this is again it's a great achievement. It shows that Congress can get things done, we're really in celestine, Testament and memorial, so the men and women behind us, those who put their lives on the line, those who risked their lives and again the incredible coverage that was shown talking about mrs. Drogo you're talking about the Alvarez family, you're talking about the Fife and family to see the wild rose here just a few months ago, and the actor who reasonably healthy back in February than to see him the way he was just several months after - that the Ray Pfeiffer kept seeing him over the years and years and some of the events in Long, Island, New, York and down here. Congress again, these guys have incredible guts and stamina and their family stood with them. So we have to commend all of them and the end. It was really an honor for me to be part of this to work with these brave men and women who, because of them, we will never ever forget the memory of 9/11, the heroism of 9/11, and today's vote is just a tremendous for again to me a tremendous tribute to the men and women. The senator God has done in any way with the house of God has done and again I can't read about Jon Stewart what he did that day. This probably would have asked sometime along the line, but after that day, drying scared, the hell out of everybody where they want and no don't nobody had the nerve to say. No and again, you see we do be nice, guys well fucking, guy, easygoing guy and you get him on the cause get out of his way and also Jon feel again great work. All of you. Let's never forget the people are still suffering and we'll start from the future. Thank you very much. Yes. I also want to thank the New York City correction officers, who are here, and the couple were working correction and stalwart support for this cause. Thank you for all you've done to walk the halls with us. Our next speaker is David Alvarez, the son of NYPD, detective Louis Alvarez. Thank you. Everyone who did not know I was gonna, be speaking, but I just want to say when my father testified not too long ago. He said that he was coming down here to make sure that you never forget and I want to. Thank you for not forgetting him, not forgetting all the other first responders, who tirelessly worked to see this pass. So thank you. Our next speaker is Harold. Shite Berger, president International Association of firefighters and I just want to take the opportunity on behalf of three hundred and sixteen thousand members. That's all right, you know give them a break. It's a little warm in here right. It's gotta, keep going that's right, but on behalf of our entire membership, three hundred sixteen thousand of the very best our leadership in New, York USA, president gerard Fitzgerald and his team- are UF o-- UA, president Jake l'amanda and his team, our international union and part of our leadership, ed Kelly, our general secretary treasurer, and to everybody here. A leader Schumer and sit senator Gillibrand, congresswoman, Maloney and Congressman King and so many to list but say thank you. This has been an extraordinary journey and I've watched, extraordinary work and I've watched Jon feel and they feel good foundation and admired their work and I watched. Jon Stewart actually bring a bright light on this issue. To make sure a nation knew what needed to be done and what was a difficult journey and the fact is I'm so thankful to so many just on behalf of our members, not those that have been lost. That will always be the legacy for all of us, but for those that are gonna now have the comfort and the confidence to know. They'll have a care and the health benefits and the compensation to be able to have some peace and not have to worry, maybe day by day or year by year, whether or not they're going to be cut off from the support that they have earned. You know almost eighteen years ago, this nation was attacked and starting on that day and all the days and weeks and months that followed we're proud of our own, but it was workers across all the sectors that served it was in the recovery and rescue and then cleanup stages that everyone from the trades and the electricians, everyone who was at Ground Zero and sacrificed their own health to serve a nation, and the last thing I'm thankful for having been at this for a long long time. Mr. leader, as you know, is that I'm thankful that we won't have to come back to this podium on this issue again that our Congress and our Senate, it's leadership has shown America that the process can work and that you can advance important issues and legislation, and now this measure is put to bed in law. That'll take care of those, quite frankly, forevermore. Thank you so much for everything everybody. Our next speaker is Pat Lynch, the president of the Police Benevolent Association of the city of New, York, there's so many to say thank you to our senators, our Congress folks, there's so many folks that fought for us there's so many folks behind us that we're at Ground Zero all aspects when it was the towers when it was the pile when it was the pit all of it toxic I, thank them for allowing guys, like us folks, like us, Americans to try to live free because they rushed on in. But, more importantly, we want to thank all families. We choose it, our families don't, but they stand with us anyway. Sometimes they're, standing on a stoop waiting for us to come home for those families who watch the suffering and lost their loved ones. I. Thank you for those that are home now that are sick. This doesn't fix everything. It just eases the pain I thank those that are struggling to breathe on their couch I thank their family members, who are doing everything they can to try to help them. You know ninety seven to two. A lot of folks focus on the ninety seven I'm. Sorry, I focus on the two I can't help it it's what we do. You know I heard speech upstairs. That said, you know why are we rushing 18 years? That's some rush, but you know the reality is the reality is some of us are in a rush, some of us in a rush because they need this. Imagine the police, so Offices of firefighters and correctional officers and those that have died since then, died working folks that we go to work to provide for our family that died, thinking that family won't be provided for. You know so. Yes, some of us in a rush some of his in a rush to leave here today to go back to the city, to go back to Staten Island to go to the wake. The detective Chris Cranston, whose family were correction officers whose family were police officers who family all at him on the pile? Well we're going to a funeral home. So you know whatever I. Do these a day like today, I'm I'm, happy but I'm. Sad I'm happy it's done, but I'm sad, because we have to deliver news I'm happy because finally, the fights over but then I'm sad because I realized it's really not so we're gonna go here. We're gonna bow our heads. We're gonna go over that weight when he try to give that family some solace, but remember those two remember Chris Cranston stopped breathing worrying that he couldn't provide for his family. I want to also recognize those who served at the Pentagon members of our FBI members. Members of our other first responders many over here today and I just want to thank you all for your service. I am now going to introduce Paul Nunes yato, the president of the Port Authority Police Benevolent Association good afternoon. Thankfully, for me, I was only asked to speak this morning, while I was on the train down. Emotions for every first responder behind me are right back to 911. I didn't want to fumble my words, so I wrote them down good afternoon. The bill not only represents the sacrifices at 37 Port, Authority police officers, 23 New, York, City police officers and 343 New York City firefighters, but the countless first responders that came running to Ground Zero to assist with the rescue recovery efforts, as all of you are aware, first responders came from all departments across our country. This is also about Patriots patriotism. Why our ironworkers Operating Engineers, the building trades doctors, nurses and countless others that ran to help us. This is about ordinary citizens that went to work and we're the victims of the worst attack on American soil since Pearl Harbor. This is about every citizen who was affected by the attacks. Every family member that lost and continued a loss lose loved ones. Myself and my fellow responders came running when you needed us and now 18 years later, you're honoring your commitment to never forget for our brothers and sisters that are sick and dying. We will never forget your commitment in sacrifice or your families. I would like to thank Senator Gillibrand, senator schumer, congressman king, along with all the members of the senate in congress who honored their commitment to never forget us and to John still I love. You problem. Thank you, sir. Our next speaker is Jake l'amanda president uniform fire association, fire Officers, Association, local, eight, five, four, I AFF afl-cio and Gerald Fitzgerald president uniformed Firefighters Association, local 94, IAF F afl-cio good afternoon on behalf of New York City Fire offices, both active and retie I'm. Here to say thanks I'll keep my comments brief, but I would have to say thank you to New York allegation, both in the house and in the Senate, because they stood there with us from day one right through this play. It's been a long journey, a long fight. It was a fight with many faces, but in the end we came together as a voice of one and out of that dust out of those ashes. Rose the words. Never forget never forget I'm here to tell you that from coast to coast, America did not forget and what we witnessed in the house and today in the Senate, our elected officials. They stood by those words and they finally never forgot us. Thank you. Our next speaker is Mario salento, our president of the New York State, Senator Schumer's, making fun of my Brooklyn accent already the dues in the dollars away, I'm driving Fitzgerald president UFA I got to keep my comments. Brief. Also I want to thank the New York delegation. This would never have gotten done. They've been fighting for this for a long time, I think person as long as you've been on you're the newbie, but we're very proud of the New York delegation and how they got bipartisan politics, but the vote today, I'm not gonna, call it bipartisan politics, I'm gonna, call it that it was bipartisan humanity and twelve people from the house and two from the Senate proof that they don't have enough humanity to have oded this into legislation. So I'm proud that it's got done, I guess I'm happy! The only problem is is that somebody has to get sick or die to collect this money. So there's not a lot of celebrating on this. It's important that every every time that somebody is in that position, they always say all I'm worried about is my family. Will they be taking care of I know they, the police, the fire department? We take care of our own I'm sure everybody is in that, but those are the two that I'm familiar with I, think that will continue, but having this money there will help as they as they are getting ready to meet their maker, and it's important. So thank you very much. Thank you to all the politicians across the country that did the right thing. Thank you. Our next speaker is Mario salento, our president of the New York State afl-cio. We want to get in front of a senator, thank you. Thank You, senator and I and again I want to thank all of the elected officials who are here today. Thank you for your dedication and your commitment and really your your your perseverance for all these years. Uh. Let me just say this on behalf of the two and a half million members of the New York State afl-cio I, want to thank everyone here. I want to take a moment to thank the labor leaders, who are here: jake'll, Amanda and Jerrod, Fitzgerald, Pat, Lynch and and of course, Harold Shea, Berger and I want to thank them because you set a standard for all labor leaders throughout this country. The passion you have you've had for the past 18 years to fight for what you fight make us all better throughout the labor movement I. Thank you all for that. As for mr. Jon Stewart, Jon I, don't know you, we don't know each other, but I do know that you learn a lot about someone when they fight for other people when they don't have to it shows everything about their their character and their integrity and Thank, You, Jon and Jon feel it goes without saying. Thank you. Let me just say this. You know I'm proud, having worked at the State afl-cio for over 27 years to say this that, 18 years ago, the labor movement made a promise throughout the state, public sector unions and private sector unions and building trade unions from Buffalo to Brooklyn, to Long, Island and everywhere. In between that, we would stand side by side and shoulder to shoulder with our brothers and sisters who led this fight to be there to support them to be there for whatever it was that they need, and, and today we kept our promise to all of them, and we keep in mind. One last thing is that you know in the labor movement we consider ourselves a family. We call each other brothers and sisters for a reason, but we also know intuitively that we don't have to be blood-related to be a family and we don't have to look alike or talk alike or sound alike. To be a family. A family is a group of people who join together for a lot of different reasons who care about one another who helped one another who support one another and who pick each other up when one of us falls down, and if you pick on one of us, you have to deal with all of us. That's a family, and today we showed what a true family is. We show the family of the labor movement. We also also showed that we can be a family of citizens as Americans and as human beings and I think that's why today 6x all day and why we're all thankful to be here. Thank you very much. Our last speaker is Lila Nordstrom, a student at Stuyvesant, High School during 9/11. My name is Lila. I was a student at Stuyvesant High School on 9/11 Stuyvesant is three blocks in the World Trade Center, and we were there for about eight months of the cleanup and I'm a little bit at loss for words, because I've never actually gotten to speak at one of these things without having to threaten to see everyone back here in five years. This has been sort of the work of my entire adult life. At this point, I'm 35 I made my first trip down here at 22 and every five years, I've sort of I've been coming back and telling the same story and trying to convince the same people that the same issues still matter, and so it's a huge relief that I don't have to make that threat this time. A huge amount of thanks is obviously owed to our wonderful New York delegation to carolyn maloney and Peter King for ushering this through to Jerry Nadler, for always making sure that the survivor community was included in this legislation for always making sure that we were a part of the discussion and then, of course, to our great New York state senators for assuring this through the Senate, and also to my classmates and the many responders who live outside of New York, who made calls to their local representatives, and let them know that this was a constituent issue for them as well. I've been living in California for 12 of the 13 years. I've been doing this a lot of my classmates live outside of the city outside of New York State and for all of us it was really important that we see this kind of unity in the vote, because this really is a constituent issue for every single senator. A lot of us who do this work? Don't just do the work of educating you guys about our exposures. We also do the considerably less glamorous work of reaching out to our community, making sure that they are taking care of making sure that they are aware these services are available to them and able to take advantage of them and having the danger of these programs expiring. Every five years made that work much more difficult. So it's with huge relief that we will be able to go back home and engage in that less glamorous, but much more important work without our communities worrying that they were gonna, be forgotten in a few years. Without people worrying that, if they don't get sick by next year, they have no one. You know no one will have their back and as part of that work, I have one final message which is I, know survivors, don't see ourselves reflected in coverage of this issue very often so. I just want to reiterate that this program is for us -. It is for you, if you are a survivor, if you are someone who, like me, got sent in to lower Manhattan as a child and spent eight months in a toxic environment. If you are somebody who had you know who was encouraged by a by a government lie that you know to go back into your home and was not given proper guidance about how to clean that up. If you returned to work and had smoke blowing into your window for four months and heard again and again that there you know there was nothing to be afraid of, and only now or finding out that there was something to be afraid of. Then you have done your part to earn access to these programs if I could cut out of my life the amount of time that I spend convincing six survivors, that they are worthy of these programs, that it is ok to apply to them that they should not feel guilty about. Taking advantage of these programs, I could probably write a novel or learn a new language or something um, but so, as a final note, I just want to make sure that survivors, all over all over the nation, realize that these programs are for us too, and I'm thrilled that, from now on, we'll be able to look forward instead of looking backwards and trying to continually revisit this part of the issue. There are ways in which the survivor community will you know there are big implications for us in the larger healthcare debate. There are research implications for us and we want to make sure that we can talk about those issues instead of just constantly revisiting this money. Thank you. So much I just want to thank everyone who's here today for coming for being part of this effort and I just want to say thank you one last time to the men and women standing with us today. Thank you.