Start with conservative leader, Andrew Scheer, you may pick any leader of your choice and ask any question of your choosing. You have 30 seconds. Mr. Trudeau, you broke ethics laws twice you interfered in an ongoing criminal court. Proceeding you shut down parliamentary investigations into your corruption, and you fired the only two people in your caucus who are speaking out against what you're trying to do. Just for telling the truth tell me: when did you decide that the rules don't apply to you, Mr Shearer? The role of a prime minister is to stand up for Canadians jobs to stand up for the public interest and that's what I've done and that's what I will continue to do every single day. The way I have worked for Canadians is around investing in them, unlike the vision that you're putting forward of giving tax breaks that help people who are making 400,000 K a year, four hundred thousand dollars a year more than someone making $40,000 a year, you're offering a $50,000 tax break, which is more money than most Canadians, earn to the wealthiest Canadians. With your plan, of course, we don't entirely know your plan because you haven't released your costed platform yet, which I think is a disrespect to every Canadian right for our cost of our our our our platform came out weeks ago, and it is worked with that. We worked with the the the Parliamentary Budget Officer and we have a vision, but it is a different vision than yours, because we're choosing to invest in people you're choosing just like Doug Ford- did to hide your platform kit from Canadians and deliver cuts and cuts to services and cuts to taxes for the wealthy. You know you're, making things up again. Half of your platform isn't even costed. You are making announcements without any details and without any numbers, and you aren't telling Canadians how you're gonna pay if you're the one who are we thinking your about taxes will go up under your government. If you are real, I mean lower, you have to go for the middle and raise the morale shifts 1% skin. You voted the Canadians in the eye, and you said that the allegations in The, Globe and Mail were false. You said Jordy Wilson rate they were to you. You said you never put pressure on her. We now know that those were all lies. You have failed to tell the truth. Is association, scam, the responsibility of any Prime Minister is a stand up for jobs and win, just as you would have done out. The CEO, oh yeah I should seal Avalons? Have you never threatened your jobs or gonna go on and on are the headquarters you are making that up again, ik what we have here as mr. Trudeau Mr Shearer, argue about who's. Worse for Canada.