I was fired for being gay six words that have sparked a fierce battle, one that could change the lives of LGBTQ 2 people across the United States 3 discrimination cases are awaiting a decision from the US Supreme Court to involved men fired for being gay, while one is due to a transgender woman's firing. Lawyers for all three argue, their civil rights were not protected at the federal level. There are no explicit protections that specifically say sexual orientation or gender identity. In 1964 president lyndon b johnson signed the historic Civil Rights Act into law, making it illegal to discriminate based on a number of factors, including race or sex. The question facing the courts now can sexual orientation be decoupled from sex? A lot is at stake, because what is essentially arguing it's, whether people can be all of themselves all of the time in their workplaces. In the United States, roughly 11 million people identify as LGBTQ - or roughly 4, and a half percent of the population. 21 states, plus the District of Columbia Puerto, Rico and Guam, have legislation that bans discrimination against them. Compare that to Canada where all 13 provinces and territories protect everyone. Equally, in Canada we have gender identity, gender expression explicit in our human rights act and in our criminal code. It's vitally important for the protections of everybody in our society, but civil liberties groups fear us. Rhetoric could find its way north of the border. Many of the attitudes that are exist in the u.s. are crossing over into Canada and we're seeing a shift in terms of acceptance. A decision isn't likely until mid 2020, meaning it could play into the upcoming US elections. No matter when it happens, focus will be on a right of center justice. Brett Kavanaugh has no judicial record on gay rights and only asked one question during hearings, leaving him as a possible swing vote. If the majority of the Supreme Court decides that LGBTQ two members are not guaranteed workplace protections, millions could become more vulnerable to discrimination. The phobia is wrong, plain and simple, simply for being who they are and loving, who they love. Reggie, Cecchini, Global, News, Washington,.