A greeting between two defeated MPs heading in to face colleagues for the last time. I think today is really about saying thank you to the people who have done a remarkable job serving this country, whether or not it was for one term or many. We really want them to have the opportunity to speak. I think there's a message there that there has to be communication, better communication and in terms of what the government's do and I think. The message from Canadians is look. There's a mix of parties back here now party is the new minority government we'll have to work with. People were obviously concerned about economic uncertainty. That is the the issue that was that was raising the anxiety across Western Canada, the biggest loss, a liberal wipe out in Alberta and Saskatchewan, including veteran Minister Ralph Goodale. Many anxious to hear from him today and learn about what went wrong, but as for whether he'll help the next government in some capacity going forward, I'm always anxious to help in any way I can and I'm, not pitching for any particular role. The Prime Minister knows he needs to do something to work with the west and Quebec, where the Liberals lost seats too. I've been reaching out to premiers, to mayor's to business leaders to colleagues and former colleagues on there's a lot, a lot of work to do to make sure that we're governing for the entire country, but no decisions or details yet such as whether Trudeau would appoint a Quebec left tenant like Prime Minister's past. It's really up to the Prime Minister to decide until Eve that the house and for the 20 odd new faces in the room today is about learning. How can I be a good MP would probably be the place I where I would start that's what I want to learn. First and foremost, liberal sources tell Global News Trudeau could face a slightly different caucus this time around one more willing to stand up and push back in part because of the weakened minority result and in part, because so many of them rookies in 2015, now have four years under their belts. Abigail Beeman at Global, News, Ottawa.