Morning, everyone, thank you all for joining us. It's great to be here at Sandown public school this morning with the amazing Bartus Jagger. One of the things that strikes you when you first meet bar dish is our deep sense of community, but it makes sense. Waterloo is where she grew up. It's where she went to school right here and it's where she started. Her career bar dish shares the concerns and the hopes of this community because to her it's personal, it's what makes her a terrific MP, Minister and House leader and that's how she will once again earn the trust of her community. Come October. 21St I'm also really happy to be here with the rest of our great team from the region, because we're all going to work really together to choose forward and make sure Canadians keep moving in the right direction with us in every election we get to decide what kind of future we want to build together. In 2015 Canadians chose a team that was willing to invest in people and in their communities a team with a real plan to take on the challenges facing families across the country. People were tired of a Conservative government that believed cuts and austerity were the answer to everything, tired of a Conservative government that, despite being in power for a decade, delivered nothing but a stalled economy. Our Liberal government spent the last four years moving away from the failed policies of the Harper years and delivering real change for parents right across the country, and while we still have a lot of work to do, we've achieved some real results for people. Poverty is way down. Unemployment is that historic lows and job creation is way up, and it's because we chose to invest in the middle class and people working hard to join it. Onami President, John Donne, faux pas Amba son is a pas de classe moyenne, the only Sigma Tau sir. You are personally purush Oh No a Latina voice. - echo millionaire poor, compress Donnie plus FME, monitor Horton plus Seraphim in the sack kg male servant, Allison's muah-ha-ha, fossil vision, DeFazio paladin's, RP comely, note new zany, the red to show of our wine readable. Just one is investees ma your veteran Vlad's, fair house, Navi diva Institute on he can attain a home in Flash's, devotee pelage on the P dark L in Val leave on October 21st. We've all got a choice to make keep moving forward and build on the progress we've made or go back to the Harper years. Conservative politicians like to say they're for the people, but then they cut taxes for the wealthy and cut services for everybody else. Ontario families know this firsthand they've seen their provincial government make cuts to public education, cuts to public health, cuts to child care and other essential services. The parents depend on it's not right and it's sure not how you move this country forward. Our Liberal government decided to take a very different approach. We've decided to invest in families in workers and in communities, and the results speak for themselves. In four short years. Canadians have created over a million new jobs, we negotiated new health accords with the provinces and territories, including mental health care and home care. The new Canada Child Benefit is helping parents with hundreds of dollars tax-free every month and we've lifted 900,000 Canadians out of poverty, including 300,000 kids, but we know there's lots more to do more people to help more positive changes to make kids are heading back to school this month, but for many kids with for many families with kids in elementary school, finding a spot in a before and after school care program is difficult and expensive for the mom who works nights for the dad, who picks up extra shifts for the single parent, raising two kids while working two jobs, that's a real problem, a problem that, let's be honest too often, falls on the shoulders of months. We know that better access to quality, affordable childcare has a considerable impact on parents, especially moms, going back to work, so the lack of affordable before and after school care programs. Before and after school care programs also has a real consequence on the families trying to get ahead. We can identify cleffa well Daniel on following Mayor Lee piled on Ivy. The onion shows don't see, zombies, - mama, so you know - a theory, the Cooper dropout or governor. No, you definitely to work OTC of new loskis unknown whispers wife. Over the last four years, our government has invested billions of dollars to make a child care more accessible, affordable and high-quality right across the country. These investments have been focused on building a bigger and better system for younger kids, so that parents have more affordable options in those crucial early years, but we also know that the challenge of finding childcare doesn't stop once kids start school. So today we're taking the next step, we're unveiling our plan to create hundreds of thousands of new spaces for kids and lower the cost of child care for parents working with the provinces and territories. A new Liberal government will double federal support for early learning and childcare. The new funding will be used to create up to 250,000 new spaces for before and after school programs and lower parents fees across the board by 10%, if you're a family with two kids living here in Ontario. These changes would save you about $800 a year April suicide along una de bonne, nouvelle Pelosi, this pasa, the dursa second meal, nouvelle plus key song Ashley. So he's a real parent unit have I purchased enough I thank Suzanne, O'connell chilies are premieres with nearly parakeet only preserves up what would have ital and to ensure that every parent, no matter where they live, has access to quality, affordable childcare. A new Liberal government will work with provinces and territories to create a National Secretariat that will lay the groundwork for a pan-canadian childcare system. Parents already have a lot on their plate. Finding a spot in a before and after school program should not be this expensive or this heart. With these new measures were making life easier for parents, we're making sure that childcare responsibilities don't fall disproportionately on to one parent and we're investing in our kids and in our future citizens. Children who are ready today, ready to learn today, grow up to become productive members of society. Our government is taking this next step because, at the end of the day, politics is about people. It's about you. You deserve a team that will be there for your family when you need it most, a team that will put you and your kids. First we've made a lot of progress over these past four years, but the truth is we're just getting started on October 21st. We all have a crucial choice to make. Will we go back to the failed policies of the past, or will we continue to move forward? That's the choice, it's that clear and it's that important I'm from moving forward for your family occurring. What may I'll see that when they know 2 or 3 hi mr. Trudeau David Cochran with CBC News? The first question today is going to be about questions. You praise yourself as a champion of transparency, but in the first five days of this campaign you didn't take any questions from the media on two of those days, despite asking Canadians, to make an important choice in October. You've also contrasted yourself to Stephen Harper who took questions every day of the last election campaign. So why have you not been as accessible as mr. Harper was last time, and will you commit to a daily question and answers session for the duration of this campaign? I'm happy to be taking questions today, I'm happy to be getting out across the country to talk with Canadians about the very important choices you've highlighted that we need to make as a country. Do we continue to move forward, or do we go back to the Harper years I'm for moving forward and that's why I'm so glad to be taking questions today and we'll be continuing to take questions from media who I respect deeply throughout this campaign? I'm looking forward to taking questions from you on a regular basis and upon occasion in media step after that, PA Lee media danke Reich, who fed the posi de queijo important basket effective mastermind portal. Polycon idea, o nourish work on continued MOC, was called on an area where she called what continued MOC support soccer continued from occasionally media good morning, Prime Minister David, akin from Global News I, listened carefully to your interview with the Toronto Star editorial board just a couple of weeks ago, and they had some questions about child care and I just want to read back a couple of things. You said. First of all, you said the provinces are the ones who have the mandate to step up and lead with that, and then you finished with we. This is you talking. We can't take on things that fundamentally, it's been shown can be able to lead and should be able I led by the provinces. It sounds today like you've kind of reversed. That position. We demonstrated over the past four years that we believe there is a significant role for the federal government to play in ensuring that child care is affordable for all Canadians. That's why we stepped up with seven and a half billion dollars over 10 years to make sure the child care is affordable for all families right across the country. We recognize, as I said notice. I will continue to say. The provinces have a really important role to play and they need to continue to step up, but the federal government will be there as well. That's why today we're announcing that we're, actually doubling our annual investments in child care to ensure that after-school care programs and before school are more available and more affordable to parents. There's far too many people who are struggling to ensure that their kids are properly cared for when they work later than school ends, which is the reality for so many people. So recognizing that challenge that so many parents are facing and stepping up to support people by both creating more spaces of which many will be later available for people who work later and reducing the cost of child care by 10 after school care by 10% is something that is going to help families in a significant way and I always think. That's a role for the federal government to make sure we are investing in families and supporting them. We know the Conservatives talked about being for the people, but then deliver cuts to services and cuts to taxes for the wealthy. We believe in investing in families and that's exactly what we're doing today, and so. Let me pick up on that last point. You spent a lot of time in this campaign talking about conservatives who are for the people, it's obviously Ontario prim, your Doug Ford you're, talking about but I assume you're lumping in Alberta premier Jason Kenney Manitoba premier buying Pallister new brunswick splaying Hagen's. Those are four key individuals that you will need on your side to deliver what you're promising today so tell me how you will convince Ford, Kenney Pallister Higgins, to deliver your program because it doesn't sound like they very big fans of yours. Well, we are going to be investing in families, we're going to be investing in parents and yes, indeed, as you point out, people like Doug Ford, who say they're for the people actually end up: delivering cuts to public education, cuts to health care cuts to the services that so many Canadians rely on. That's why we recognize that it would be very problematic for an awful lot of families right across the country, particularly here in Ontario today, to have a federal government that aligns itself with the same kind of thinking that the conservative premier in Ontario is putting forward. That's why we are here to stand up for that. We are stand up here to stand up for Canadians and make the investments necessary to help families, even if conservative politicians across the country, as you pointed out, are not stepping up to help Canadians. We know that families right across the country are concerned about the affordability of services and don't want a government, that's proposing cuts and austerity, and that's why the choice that people are making in this federal election is so very important and why a Liberal government will always remain on the side of public education and of investing in families. I know come yet que. Llamo conservator at reveille pinkie proposed a chief on the crew. A proposed austerity CIPA said only Fanny on burns when support shockula government authorized for $2 for a visa on FME or prefer Hawaii avec de Provence is pursuing a coma chair. The the pedestal fans, Luka Beckett, grandly Doris Nivola, only control of Hawaii, a toothless per acre processor e, - e, ok, Becky back to be only serious, don't married men effective. My the policy and conservative is any the Monsieur Shearer come the come in his Ford key the gloomy day, Tripoli Johnny key, ah sweet, very Cooper, 7 publish, went so federal, simple Socceroos. What is important? The governor of Indiana constantly Davis year, don't for me this box under oak mechanical sqv, on a federal the fire fully consummate our kinetic. Only replica paper whispers. Oh my! Oh no, you know I only trained the autonomous give us Farsi. So the print patrol issue, Canada news announcement have a new partner, an international awake, awake departed, domestic forces, really Nicola Davis, -, Raphael, love, transportation. Transpo me new: seven. We seek Thank You alderman de vaucanson. We never see Donnie's eternity. Suppose Akane Talmadge I deserve a smoke. Anita train fare, sue Donny. What's electric prod on ad disincentive for Khalifa me, please, actually what you're in a creek Buchanan's that was the born in Africa travel appearance evoke the transition right am when Allah al d'arco tell Devon the consignee happy life a McHugh on that. Damn is eras. When did you book Sybil, sir daya cannot repeal on the Metro pre solar policy on Iran plus - JA offer me a Dali province. One I mean free solar policy on Kino. Fully puffin leadership remain Pascal that vilify me. It was over sounder - schemata. Well we're obviously very concerned with the events happening in the Middle East and that's why we're monitoring carefully? What's going to happen to the price of fuel in Canada, we're gonna be working with international and local partners to ensure that things remain affordable for Canadians. But that's it's also part of why we are so focused on investing in a transition towards a cleaner economy, a cleaner energy future. Why we've created in encouragement, sand rebates worth $5,000 on the purchase of electric vehicles? Why we've installed electric charging stations right across the country and are going to continue to do more? It's also why we've put a price on pollution in a way that actually returns more money to average families across the province and indeed across the country. While we move towards a cleaner future, the Conservatives may want to make pollution free again. We know that if we want less pollution, we have to put a price on it and keep it affordable for Canadians, which is exactly what our ambitious plan does. Okay. So it's about that, but simple revision. Flabbily p.m. exceptional convey certain tax revenues of certain tax of the circuit consummate office, constantly the pale plain priests, la pollution, Connaughton deposit, only province q refused that, while the leadership super conditions, mathematic don plus dodging a la famille, Mayan calendar, courtesy, famila, donk, Roberto, Orci, difícil, ad plus ly, fami may not instance. If a presupposition, leslie famiiy have accused the journalist posh e. So this conference new trial good morning, Michels olio at the Globe and Mail Blackstone Group CEO Stephen Schwarzman, says in his new book that he persuaded you to make concessions on the new NAFTA, including on dairy market access. Did you put your political survival ahead of Canadian interests in this trade deal I? Think one of the things that Canadians saw was that we had to stand up to the Americans in a strong and firm way to negotiate a good NAFTA renegotiation for Canadians and that's exactly what we did and I want to highlight that we were able to do that by drawing together voices from right across the country, including prominent conservatives, who were part of the renegotiation of NAFTA and ensured that we got a good deal for Canada. While we secured access to the United States at a time of uncertainty and indeed protectionism by the United States. There are, however, a number of conservative politicians, including Andrew Shearer and Stephen Harper, who were proposing that we capitulate in the NAFTA negotiations that it was too important to secure a deal any deal instead of pushing for a good deal. We disagreed with mr. Harper and we continued to push for the right deal for Canada, which is exactly what we got. We got a good deal for Canada that secures our access and actually had a number of wins in it. For Canadians and I'm very pleased to continue to be able to count on the support of dairy farmers right across the country as well, so the concession we made were ones that allowed us to continue to grow our economy and secure our access. I'll also highlight that a key part of that negotiation process was imposing countervailing duties on a broad range of American items. In response to the unfair steel and aluminum tariffs that the Americans had used, we stood firm on those countervailing duties, despite the fact that notable conservative politicians, including Doug Ford, were telling us we should just get rid of them because they were angering the Americans. The fact is, we stood strong, and not only did we secure a good NAFTA deal for Canadians, but we also ensured that we, we got those steel and aluminum tariffs lifted to be able to continue to stand by and support our steel workers in our aluminum workers. We worked together on that. We got a good deal out of NAFTA for Canadians. So yes, or no do you agree with mr. Schwartzman's claims that you that you made you know concessions on after we got the right deal for Canada. We got a good deal for Canada. That was what Canadians needed and we are. We work very hard and we didn't cave. Like conservative politicians said we should mr. prime minister jeff I with it from the record newspaper, your government has done more than three previous governments in terms of stripping citizenship from helmet Oberlander who lives in this community. You answered this question for me three years ago, so I'd ask you again: he lives here. He was he's a member of a Nazi death squad from the second world war. Your government has secured federal court approval, unlike all previous governments, to strip his citizenship he's 95 years old now and his lawyers say he's in frail health. My question would be: does your government intend to deport him and if so, why? And if not, why not? The issue is continued, continues to be before the courts right now, but our government's position has not changed on that position. We continue to respect and reflect on the fact that Canada is one of those rare countries in the world where citizens are positive towards immigration, positive towards our immigration system, and that is because they have confidence that the rules are always applied around our immigration system, so reinforcing those rules and ensuring that those rules are properly followed is core not just to what a government does, but to continue to have the support of Canadians. For our strong immigration system developers can at the end of the pocket only convert. Ransom comes the hasan da yakuza detainee. Only Pope wants similar Pakistan group. As Manali comes every time you aa cavity, keep items on the sea copula. It becomes a that earns you scary things more focused on owner on Lilly, como, para confessor concede I own. A DCT cursor consider neatly set epoxy tab, you don't own the Mandir, conservatory della counted upon a party liberal and accept on the purple, enter lira. Encima de otra, parte suppose so. Convene the money they serve actually is a constant you as well. Please. We will not accept a candidate that has intolerant or unacceptable anti-semitic remarks and that's why we asked this candidate to step down. Mrs. oku, Harpo quest comes at a time to discuss memorable question who said his bosom on our plan. Paulette apportioned I could notice reverses, can evade this response contained ECE. The key the fastener has some really I, don't know leads busy makin CD DVD dunker Limpopo it a in except table. Yes, a you condone on the key leap, all kinds donor, any type I accept that Teresa right, the Canadian Press. Can you just on the secure senior intelligence officer charged with the security breach? Can you explain what damage may may have been done to Canada security and what you're doing to address the concerns of Canada's five eyes allies? This is obviously situation that we take very seriously of the authorities take extremely seriously I. Think people will understand that I can't make any public comments on this, but I can assure you that this is something that we are that are. The responsible authorities are engaged with at the highest levels, including with our allies policy, cannot really see so situation. Some Adama can set an extremist. You total train wreck of a week after a security element. Poor need effective, mejor politics dressing extremist you here on today's announcement, you to the you're talking about before and after school care, but really one of the major concerns when it comes to child care is infant spaces and spaces for younger children. So what is it? What are you prepared to do about that? We have many days left in the campaign and we'll be making more announcements on a broad range of things that are going to help Canadians today, we're very happy to recognize that for many many parents, the issue of care before and after school is a real challenge for them and that's why we're stepping up with massive investments, doubling our investments in child care, from the federal side to ensure that there are more after-school care spaces and indeed that many of those care spaces will be available later in the day for people who work shifts or work two jobs, that's something that we've heard from Canadians as being a priority, and that's where we are happy to ensure that we're making life easier by for families by investing in the things they're gonna make a difference for them. Hi mr. Trudeau Tom Perry with CBC News you've been talking for a long time now, hinting about prohibiting semi-automatic weapons, taking some kind of action on that. You even mention it some a little bit this week after the shooting in Mississauga and after all, this talk by your government. What's taking you so long to take some kind of action, I think it is important to highlight, first of all that we took action immediately when we got elected, we made promises in 2015 on strengthening gun control, because the reality as we're seeing in Mississauga and elsewhere around the country is far too many communities and families are speaking facing terrible tragedies because of gun violence, and it is really important that a government show leadership on that. That's why we move forward on significant measures to bring in gun control a common sense gun control over the past four years, concluding with a bill. Seventy one that was passed just this June that strengthens a number of gun control measures for Canadians. We recognize, however, that there is more to do and I can assure you we will be making announcements further in this campaign about the next steps we are taking to strengthen gun control in this country, but at the same time, I will highlight that part of the very important choice Canadians are going to be making in this election about whether to go backwards or keep moving forwards is highlighted by the fact that the Conservatives under Andrew share have committed to repeal the measures that we just brought in last June to strengthen gun control, including enhanced background checks and certainly I, will disagree with the measures that we're going to be announcing to move forward on further gun control and that's part of the choice that Canadians are facing. Do we continue to move forward on keeping our community safe, or do we go back to the Harper years, I'm from moving forward new servo care to the community at have LDPE for fast and in tragedy and a dr.oz Elizabeth in d'urville Norfolk blissfully party? She pronounced Urkel Amanda on a live race or not news on gasma, the half of see the new control. This atmosphere on a pill, emoji of cokehead eco criminal was fronting us KT, posse mudra menorah can associate ouzo press affair y on Vivaldi's a knows so scallop Russian government barrel for a scenario. Parappa control is a mafia measure. Pursuing a UC k, government conservator, the anvil, sheer primary, the Gramercy know them in your hands. No control is a la compra de jambe RC l was recently on hold the vilification, a sedan and antecedent a cockpit waffle for a certain master, happosai Oh major canoes Aloha, no see Danny's mania for continued apology. No community, the VA hospital is our mother and as a soothing drama, no contrast in the schwa collision warfare is gone. Continued delayed lava for the community PC cool. Let's go heavy on yeah, it was any Harper hi Kate from CBC and Kitchener the what region of Waterloo has been waiting more than a year to do some transit infrastructure projects. Seventeen got approved by the province earlier this summer. Your government approved five of those. If you get back in, when can we expect more of that money to flow for those transit projects? We made a fundamental decision that was different from the Conservatives in the 2015 campaign. We made a promise to invest in infrastructure in communities in the middle class and that's exactly what we did with the most ambitious infrastructure investment plan in the history of this country, 180 million billion dollars over ten years. That includes significant investments in public transit, but we also recognize that the federal government in Ottawa is not the best place to define exactly what the local needs are facing communities here in Kitchener Waterloo in the region. That's why I was so happy to sit down so many times with strong municipal leaders like Dave, Jaworski and barrier banovic, to talk about their needs and this communities needs to move forward. We are there as a federal government to be partners on the transit needs and the infrastructure needs of communities and we're looking forward to continue to invest in the future of this of kW and indeed regions across southwestern Ontario. Unfortunately, the Conservatives are proposing cuts. Instead, they will not be investing in the kinds of ambitious infrastructure projects that we know growing flourish. Communities like kW so desperately need. That's why we are recommitting ourselves to this vision that invests in our communities invests in a brighter future to create the kind of growth that, quite frankly, we've seen over the past four years million new jobs, a balance sheet, that is the envy of the g7 at the same time as we've lifted, 900,000 people out of poverty. Those kinds of things only happen when you invest in things like housing and transit and in the middle class, and the choice is clear between a government that is committing to do that and a Conservative politician who doesn't believe in that. Yes, you put the remote. Thank you very much you you.