You know these images are unfortunately very disheartening and disappointing when I saw that image yesterday, I felt mean I felt a disappointment and it brought back memories of racism and discrimination that I have faced an unproduced or many of the racialized individuals felt the same way. You know I have known our prime minister for last four years. These images are not reflective of what he is as a leader as an individual he's very committed to diversity. To inclusion is a champion of of building inclusive, welcoming places, and he has been a strong ally of racialized communities to end racism and discrimination. Yes, they're disappointing, yes, they're painful and he has apologized and his apology was sincere and heartfelt I have spoken with Prime Minister this morning. He obviously regrets what had happened and- and he will continue to work hard to to ensure that he is doing whatever possible to build a community that is about coming and inclusive. Did he apologize to you even yeah biscuit because that it's a good, sorry yeah? That's fine, he's obviously apologized to the public as a holiday, yeah I did his conversation. Did he apologize to you? Did you have some tough questions for him? He was absolutely. You know, conveyed his disappointment in his in in his actions of the of the past, and he was very sorry for what had happened and, as he has told Canadians yesterday and, and today this should have never happened, should additional happened at all, right and and but I think it's also an opportunity to reflect opportunity to for all of us who are champions of anti racism. Activities and I have been a strong champion from day one from City Hall as a city councilor and as community member building communities, where everyone feel that they belong right. This is an opportunity for us to actually reflect how deep-rooted racism can be and how institutionalized racism plays out in in in ever in our country, and the Prime Minister has committed to continue to do his part and double his efforts to to end racism and discrimination in in our country. I have an on Prime Minister for four years now and he has demonstrated his strongest commitment he under his leadership under our government over the last four years. We have done more to end racism, to empower black youth, to do more for indigenous communities to you know and provide more funding for anti racism. You know taking a strong action on protecting the rights of LGBTQ communities, so he has demonstrated his commitment, so I have no doubt whatsoever in in his commitment and and what had happened in the past, for which he which he has apologized, and he had a conversation with your volunteers who will be going door to door more likely hear about this one. What to say so. This came up yesterday at the at the doors and I had talked to some of my volunteers. I'll be meeting with them again this evening before they go out to do door knock. You know our volunteers understand that particularly those who are from a racialized backgrounds that racism is real because they face it in their in their daily lives, but they also know that others in our is a government that is committed to ending it right and and that Prime Minister is absolutely committed to ensuring that our government is taking action to to end discrimination or racism. In obviously in our country, do you think this will make? Do you hope this conversate? Maybe conversations? No ending racism is, is a journey right. It's it's a generational thing: it it takes decades and that cases ongoing work and I have been doing that work for last number of decades here in the in the in the city, and we will continue to do that. We will continue to have conversations with the constituents of Edmonton real words on what we have done to grow our economy, to build pipelines to create jobs and, at the same time, celebrating of a diversity, strong commitment to multiculturalism, strong commitment to creating opportunities for all Canadians and welcoming people from all over the world to help them settle here and build their lives in this this country and that's the success of a country, that's the success. The success of Canada and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has has demonstrated his commitment to that and we will continue to build on it. You know campaigns are there various factors that go into when people make their decision and and the Canadians people in my riding of Edmonton Millwall's come from very diverse backgrounds and they value diversity, the value of a commitment to inclusion, and we will continue to stress and highlight the work that we have done campaigns. You know the ups and downs and campaigns, and but all we are focused. We are focused on getting our message out and that message is about economy and jobs, environment as well as building welcoming and inclusive communities. Kids it'll see this picture and going past their parents. What's this about what you guys were saying to the children? I think this is an opportunity for us to reflect as well. It reflect in a way that how racialized communities experience racism and how we view those images is different from people who made our face racism in in their life right and and I. Think, educating other kids and educating other peers and our co-workers our neighbors, that how hurtful these images can be, and they have been hurtful and Prime Minister's, acknowledge that they have been hurtful and- and he has apologized for causing that that pain. But I, think we learn from this mistakes and as a country move forward in a way that we embrace our diversity and experiences of different cultural groups and and and being an inclusive place.