Yeah, you probably have better days than this I guess: hey yeah, when Alec Minassian began his police interview on the same day as the van attack the 25 year old, said little, but soon his resentment towards women became apparent in terms of your feelings towards women in general. How would you describe that? I would say that sometimes I am a bit upset that they choose to date, obnoxious, men instead of gentlemen annachi and remembered the first time he says he felt rejected five years earlier on, Halloween of 2013 I was attending a a house party and I walked in and attempted to socialize with some girls. However, they all laughed at me and held the arms of the big guys. Instead, really yeah I felt very angry that they would because I considered myself a supreme gentleman I was angry that that they would give their love and affection too obnoxious movies Minassian said he thought it was unfair. That nice, guys like himself, could not get a date and said he discovered a group of like-minded men. Online I know of several other guys over the internet, who feel the same way, but I know they are I would consider them a true cowardly to act on their anger. Minassian spoke fondly about meeting elliot rodger on reddit in january 2014, four months later, Roger carried out a massacre in California before killing himself. We discussed our frustrations and we were plotting a certain timed stripes on society, Minassian told the investigator when he saw elliot rodger on the news. After the attack, which left six dead and two dozen injured, I felt kind of out rout of him for his acts of bravery, okay, alright, and what about how you started to change? Your thinking was starting to feel a radicalized. At that time, Minassian said he began visiting a message board on a website called fortune. That roger had told him about Minassian said it's. Then he started to realize it was his time to take action. Typical conversations contain red pill, truths about why women choose to a date. Obnoxious men take the chance, basically Minassian admitted to the detective. He posted this message on his facebook page just before he says he drove the rental van down Yonge Street in the post. He wrote his infantry number mentioned 4chan and said the insel rebellion has already begun. We will overthrow all the Chad's and Stacy's all hailed. The Supreme gentleman Elliot Rodger Minassian also explained the so called insel rebellion being sold it. That means celebrity means someone who would never before has a sexual intercourse. Involuntary celebrity means this. Wasn't your choice. Essentially our have been thrown into true forced loneliness and you're unable to lose your virginity. Kathryn McDonald, Global News.