Check-Check good afternoon, thank you all for coming. I'm corporal Julie Kragh Shane media relations officer for the Manitoba RCMP assistant commissioner Jane McClatchy commanding officer of the Manitoba RCMP, is here to provide an update on the search efforts in locating cam, McLeod and briers Miguel ski. After providing the statement in English and French, she will be available for some questions: Mel C de votre presence, history, Caporal Judy call Shane on Shanthi relation of ectly media that camisa acquaint Jane McClatchy, come on down de la cañada, Manitoba ATC potful near in message, or today's operación de - encore for to be Ken, MacLeod eBrush, Miguel ski L, full Neera, La, Mesa Jude, an angler a ofrecer pre de pon de la a cat, Kirk sto Assistant Commissioner Jane McClatchy good afternoon to start on behalf of every member of the RCMP in Manitoba. I want to offer my condolences to the families and friends of the victims of the homicides in British Columbia. On the afternoon of July 23rd, the Manitoba RCMP became aware that two murder suspects from BC could be in our province. As you all know, a vehicle had been found burnt out in a remote area, approximately 40 kilometer from Gilliam and close to Fox Lake Cree Nation. It was later established that this vehicle was indeed the vehicle. The suspects had been driving. Manitoba RCMP responded immediately, deploying front line and tactical officers, police dogs, forensic identification specialists and major crime investigators to the Gilliam area. An RCMP plane with infrared capabilities, was also deployed and conducted an aerial search of the area. That same evening. Over the last week, we've done everything we can to locate the suspects using RCMP and Royal Canadian Air Force assets. We searched approximately 11,000 square kilometers in northern Manitoba. We canvassed every home and searched every abandoned building in Gilliam and Fox Lake Cree Nation. This equates to over 500 homes and buildings. We searched rail lines, hydro corridors lakes, rivers, vast areas of tundra and muskeg, dense forests and brush. We conducted exhaustive searches on foot with dogs and with all-terrain vehicles. We use boats on lakes and search from the air with drones, helicopters and planes. We use some of the most advanced technologies available and received assistance from some of the most highly skilled search and rescue personnel in the country. In addition, over 250 tips were received and followed up on the RCMP, and our CAF personnel have logged thousands of hours working 24/7 during this search for the suspects. However, even with this extraordinary effort, we have not had any confirmed sightings of the suspects it's the vehicle was located, taking into account all of the work so far. This come time to reassess our deployment of resources to the area. Over the next week, the RCMP will begin to scale down the scope of our search efforts in northern Manitoba. This will include the phased withdrawal of the majority of specialized RCMP and our CAF personnel and assets over the coming week. To be clear, we are not ending this search. A number of tactical resources and specialised assets will remain in positioned in the gilliam area and we'll continue the efforts to locate the murder suspects. In addition, all of our resources will be ready to respond to the region, as required should new information emerge. We have also received assurances that the RCAF will be ready to assist us again if and when needed. I know that today's news is not what the families of the victims and the communities of northern Manitoba wanted to hear, but when searching for people in vast remote and rugged locations, it's always a possibility that they're not going to be immediately located. The terrain in northern Manitoba is immense. It's unforgiving, the weather is often very unpredictable. Additionally, there remains a possibility. The suspects had some sort of assistance to flee the area. This, of course, is still an area of consideration for the RCMP. We continue to encourage the public to be on the lookout for these two suspects and to continue to submit tips, something that may seem insignificant to. You may be extremely valuable to our investigators. If you have information or if you believe you see the suspects, please contact your local local police immediately as the search begins to scale down in the area. I want to thank the communities of gilliam, Fox, Lake, Cree, Nation and York Landing for their incredible support and the resiliency they've demonstrated over the last week. You have shown incredible strength and courage. During the time of uncertainty, you came together and looked out for one another. I applaud you and I. Thank for all the help you've provided to our officers during these challenging times. I also want to assure you that our officers will still have a presence in the area and we'll be there, for you do not hesitate for one moment to reach out to us. If you need help to the officers involved in the ongoing search efforts, you exemplify the professionalism and dedication that Canadians know they can expect from the Royal Canadian Mounted Police through difficult terrain, voracious bugs all night shifts and knowing you could be confronted by a dangerous fugitive at any moment. You never wavered in your duty and I am incredibly proud of. All of you. I would also like to thank the RCAF and RCMP divisions from across the country, who supplied incredible support to Manitoba over the course of the last week, while the search in northern Manitoba is being scaled down, it is not over not by any means I want to assure everyone that the RCMP is continuing to work on this investigation and will not stop until there is a resolution. Bon Appetit me gijón own the tool amount logic said: Manitoba gt3-r, Macondo, Liang's, FME SME, the victim, the murky on New Delhi, Columbia, Britannic, lap remedy the event was GE. A large AR said Manitoba pretty caduceus pair the mark de la Columbia Britannic. It's a potato Donatella provides compulsive a vehicle and sound year of a truly does instructor xi. E on the air are Carol. Carol met the Gilliam said la nación tree. The Fox Lake la policia Pluto determine ekeus vehicle at CBN still week. They suspect a vacant yet larger upside Manitoba. At revenue, immediate MA, on depois de policía, the premier link this office c8 tactic the share policy, the specialist on identification share. It is on guitar, the group decree measured on a sector of the Gilliam. Do blue in a beyond logic, say of a capacity ephra reciting depo and a sectoral swarm M o Corp, the legend of salmon. No policy on to dishonor for true valise spare I led the results, the larger say a deal of its lobbyist on Royal Canadian news, Emirates, a of Iran's milky limit car a while, not the Manitoba, the servo visited to let them steal a fleet. Lee bought him abandon eel a Gilliam, hey, darlin, a nasty on Creed, the Fox Lake, so I pleaded, sank: son domicile a bottom ax news, Evan Foley, the war ferry the corridor in draw electric lela, lela VR levels on the tundra. It muskeg Lee for a dance, elaborate with Avvo, effectively their shots per se, a PA avec des she. They done the vehicle to train the servants, Lani lilac Alberto, a new servants, a duo desire, / drone on like a piranha Byung, loser vote, Lisa obtain the technology. Lavon say a news even led the certain Dammam, the personnel, the research in so vataj. The pickle field oke permit lose a day at reveille, suspect the blue nose on qatar on fields we depleted the South cycled Ranma you journal de personal de la chasse, à la uptake on participated, erasers in no policy on consecrate, the million dollar bail Greece's about extraordinary indebted for a keen observation confirm a despair. The plague take over the vehicle and Sanji continually to travel accompli. Capra's on the tank Avenue, the REA evaluate the deployment in horizontal sector or chordal oppression, say, managers say c'mon Cyril read: we reverse operation, the research done now the Manitoba breath new retiro, gradual malhomme, sorted person led resource specialist, especially they the ledger say the la la upside or cordless Russian salmon, GTS lineage kanoon, the matter of Fame or research imparted a resource tactic, especially the mirror, a gilliam, a poor swivel operation for truly suspect the map de PUE la Seine, with a Sri Akal, a pret, an Uzi Desi Boyz, one, the sacred noodle dogs. We never sell. Khalifa me: the victim Lee community, the northern Manitoba suet, an town per count: c'est toujours impossibility, lost camera, shot a person D'allesandro vast, easily accident accident, akin some totally immediate man, literally condition metre logic, the Norden and Robeson amongst in Pattaya habla de pluie to serve on deck lyrically spare and potato rassa delayed pork, attila satire, secede, MLB ins rentrer occasion, donnager said what ten-year comped, the oblong oblique the rest, a laugh. The sales despair at the constituion a dear insane man, KK, shows kilusan and significant poor, a severe a extramarital pornos policy, Sabu's David Aaronson man. You seek ye a war village, spec community, immediately avec votre service. The palace can declare shirts on gradual marriage with Dennis actor DTMF CLE commentate, the Gilliam de la nación de Creed Fox Lake New York landing the city, echo AB, the resilience dontel of April Oh call Daniel salmon with ave de montreuil and force a encourage extraordinaire onset period, dan substitute boo-boos at our assembly. A Volusia occupy legend desert, Zulu salut, je vous remercie, the too late kuzava for Mia, no policia dorrance a moment. Mama dev ji, t OC, Abuja, Sarika, new policy, Demerara dance actor, Asura avatar service- are necessary, ma a communique avec lui sifu survey, besoin de la policía key on party space operation on the research elastin elastro profession is ella debe, ma Ocala Canadian satin lapel agenda, Mary, Royale de Canada mal guerrilla terrain. The facility's insectivorous Laney Blanche L a possibility that a conference in fugitive, dangerous mama who that a tresor accompli, what the war, a sassy, extrema mafia, the vatos duty, no crm, se la se, la división, larger, say the truth. The payee Kyung opportunity, enjoyable, Manitoba or collodion la semaine bianca laser shots done now. The Manitoba Sarah Ridgid eleazar eleazar walking care, Germany, ugt nursery Republic, canoe pops, we've all sat on ket. They canoes out at around poor Tonka nose. New neuron put the tools back, let's see so we're available for some questions. If we have some questions, yes, ma'am I can't answer that not to my knowledge, but I can tell you but uh. The the search itself is what the RCMP in Manitoba is is concerned with the actual investigation of the homicides. That's their thing that belongs to my colleagues in BC, so I'm not aware of all the tips that are around that homicide can't comment on that. Fox-Like is in the gilliam area, so we are leaving a presence in the gilliam area to continue our search efforts. I can't comment on that from an investigational point of view. All of this stage, the door part of the province is a very unforgiving place. As I said in my statement very challenging terrain: lots of wildlife, we're keeping all possibilities in mind as we go forward with this, but that is just one of the possibilities were considering Magna, listen, show live, Ramallah, Ficano, salad, Elliot and Lily suspect adversity, AG de London region, D, Gillum, avuncular, lavatory, brilliance, Angie, zebra, mussel, Shoals, Connor, bramara, Femina, dark, sealed the develop a theory about the saw on share spot to Shack work on and in information. There are sandman due to bleak only on the gap beyond unless we've danced until the same been on travail avec le fait Connor. Yes, I won't speak to numbers that wouldn't be operationally a good idea on my behalf, but I can tell you we're leaving frontline tactical and specialised units in a scaled-down version, and it's going to be, as I said during my statement, a phased withdrawal, so we will be leaving a presence there, but I don't want to speak to numbers. The military has assured us that they can come back and help us if we get any more information. If anything emerges, and we have tasks for them to do, they've been hugely helpful in covering an enormous amount of territory and there they remain available to help us. If things change, it's a difficult job, let's be honest when you're doing any kind of a search for a fugitive that you know might be dangerous, there's a stress level there, but this has been non-stop. This has been over a week now that we've had people in place and going really hard, and they want to find these people they're doing everything they can pulling out all the stops to find these suspects. That being said, we've been very careful in terms of the resources we have to allow for our members to have appropriate rest down time. That sort of thing, they're, well-equipped and and that's part of my job- is to make sure they have the resources and the equipment and the infrastructure and all the logistics around sending them there. So yeah they're, it's been a long week and they're working very hard in less than ideal situations between the bugs and the swamps and you name it it's difficult. We even bought socks for a bunch of people who had wet feet right so I mean it's the way it goes, but they're working, really hard, I'm very proud of everything. They've done, they're, extremely professional and really vigilant so I'm hopeful that we have further developments. But at this point this is where we are we're using our own RCMP police service dogs, none of them in Maya under stars, I'm, aware, are trained in cadavers, but I would have to check that yeah. Well. As far as I'm aware, our dogs are not trained in that profile, but I can check that for you, but I do not what I can tell you is that we received the tip that we deem credible as credible tip of a sighting in York Landing. We deployed resources, including police dogs, including drones, tactical officers, frontline officers, and we ran that down as far as we could and we couldn't. We didn't come up with anything, so we could not substantiate the tip. Well, fox-like, as I said, is in the Gilliam area. That's all I can tell you I'm not aware right now of anything specific happening there, but we're we're we're we're we're in the area, and we will be for some time. Oh No, -, jeordy detachment on the sector, duncan a demon - monkey vedanta to turn poorly. Oh community polls, dishes kamsa BOC on virus Gaudi, the resource dollar Regional Forum imparted men thought they did they the results and paprika normal, ok, crapola city facilities, support Kiki, shows Canada just commit now may save Emma in in situation. Consider a new serve on the sector dhananjaya sake, yet the community, the lately shoulder the soft EAP, the shows kamsa dunk on borough regard a situation. I pray this March, it's an interesting question: I've only been the commanding officer in Manitoba for relatively short time. They've been here about four months, I'd, say five months: I'm, not aware of anything else in Manitoba that would equal this scope. Just from my own perspective, as a 31 year, member of the RCMP I remember the times of the the search for a Langley job in the mirror machine region and those kind of things, but I can't speak to how they compared to be quite honest, I'm, not sure I, wouldn't call it frustration. We would really like to find these these suspects. We would love to be able to contribute to getting justice for the families of the murder victims and to help and we're offering our help to our colleagues in BC. In any aspect, we can to help them with their murder investigation. That being said, this is a very large area that we're looking at as I said before it's very remote, I can't say it's terribly surprising because it's it's just a very tough place to find somebody who doesn't want to be found. I know as far as the on behalf of you know the RCMP and Manitoba I'd say no I can't say I. Think we've done everything we've can we pulled out all the stops on this thing from the instant we found out about it. We deployed people quickly, we got on the ground and we've done everything we can and and we've engaged the military, because we know they have expertise as we thought would be helpful. No I have no regrets. I. Think we've done everything pretty much I wouldn't change anything all I can tell you is the our champion. Manitoba week he became aware that they were suspects on the 23rd of July and within an hour I think it was. We sent out a tweet to the public and the Gilliam area saying we think we might, they might be there. So I have to disagree with you, I, don't think it took long. We got it out the same day within hours. It wasn't alone. We good. Thank you very much.