I just want to thank everybody. I wanted to talk now. We still don't know what all the results are. Gonna be, there's still other results to come in and some very tight races and some very early poll results. So we don't know exactly what's going on, but in any campaign there are always too many people to thank, and there are no easy campaigns. We set out to run a positive campaign based ideas and clearly that was our first mistake. We also wanted to challenge the status quo on how politics work in this province in terms of in terms of tone, as well as in terms of ideas, because politics is often called a bloodsport so to each and every candidate who ran for the Manitoba, Liberal Party and each and every volunteer. Thank you because because, but most campaigns are hard, they're hard on the candidates, their car, hard on families and kids and they're harder. The people who put their names on the line- and you have to there's all sorts of you- know the slings and arrows of what comes along with politics, and we ran a campaign that we can all be proud of. At the end of the day, we can all hold our heads high, and that does matter because I think we did talk about the most important things that need to be talked about, and it is people have always told me. I, haven't I, have an uphill battle, as leader of the Manitoba Liberal, Party I, often say. Well, you should see the hill that I just finished climbing, but we have. We have built this team and there are an incredible number of extraordinary people and it is hard because there are lots of important lessons that I learned from politics over the year over the years, and one is that you can put everything you have into something you can deliver the best work of your life and sometimes it's still not enough and that's life and that's politics. The important thing is, though, thank you very much for next time. We will. We will continue. We will continue to build I. Think we've demonstrated that we are a serious party. There were a credible party and we've taken this party for the next level and we need to keep doing that and we need to keep building because I. There are a whole series of issues that, if we haven't talked about, they would not have been talked about at all, and that is really important and we have been a party that listens to people who have not been heard, whether it's John Gerard -, Judy, Clausen or Cindy Lamoreaux we've been there for people, and we hear that all the time that nobody else was there to listen when we were there, and so we will continue to play that role. Thank you very much. I can't I can't think anything up. My horse, my wife and my kids and and my mother and all our relatives and everyone who's who worked so hard I, continue to believe in Manitoba as a place. That's progressive and it has a great future, and so does the Manitoba Liberal Party. Thank you very much and we'll see you soon. Thank you.