And I want to pick up on something Greg Macklin. He was using the whole Blue Bomber analogy so I want to take you from the field to the sandbox and the premier, who will remain premier is not notably that's a play. Well with others, there's been a difficult relationship between Broadway and Main Street, and also between Broadway and Ottawa. That's right. Do we expect that to change I'm, not thinking it's going to and one of the things that's going on too is a dynamic of we have Kenny, we have Moe and we have Ford there's a lovely dynamic, that's going on across the prairies and into Ontario conservatives, solid solidarity as it were, that's going to work perfectly if the Liberals are reelected in Ottawa and if the shear goes in we're going to have all sorts of interesting things happen as well in terms of policy and conservative policy, I think you're going to see a better relationship between Broadway and Main Street, as Julie put it I think with this incredibly impressive victory tonight, I think premier, Pallister is gonna, kick back to relax a little bit and I hope he does and I'm not saying it's his fault I'm, not saying it's Brian Bowman's fault, but come on, but no Roman sports. It's come on guys. Let's put all that aside and get things done for Winnipeggers, you told me, that's makes me crazy. So, let's just let's just admit the fact that the majority of Manitobans live in Winnipeg right right. So we have two levels of government representing us here and the fact is is that they must play well with others. They have to get along, because there is only one voter. There is only one tax payer and we expect nothing less from our premier. People at Main Street figured that one out the first meeting that they had in a couple of years was just before the election called. That's right, so I don't know who you believe, because you say Brian Bowman will say, listen, Brian, Bowman will say the premier won't meet with me and the premier will say something else and just like whether or not health care spending is up or down or if there's cuts or no cuts, they need a couple's. We don't really that's what they need. They did. Maybe you have one that you're very for my boy: I can set them up.