The remoteness of this location is on full display, as the RCMP search for two men wanted on canada-wide arrest warrants in connection with three deaths in BC. At this point, a number of people are questioning why these two individuals would choose this location, Gillam Manitoba. It is in the far north of Manitoba close to Churchill, which is of course known for polar bears. Now the mayor, Dewayne Forman, talked a little bit about the area and says he's not sure why these people would come here because really there's nowhere to go. Pr 280 is a 197, kilometer, gravel road stretching from Thompson to Gilliam. It's a very rough road, but at junctions often a junction point 30 kilometres north of here, where junctions off - 290 PR - 90, is what heads to Fox Lake area and that's where some of the officers are right now and additional officers are in the gilliam area. Now we did have a chance to drive around the community and we saw a number of children on bikes people out in their yards enjoying the evening. So there is a mix in the community. Some people obviously upset hesitant about their safety, but still trying to continue on with regular life. I know that some people are scared. I mean something like this has never happened. So a lot of people are kind of worried, lock, keeping their doors lock like normal safety measures. We do notice that some there aren't very many people out on the streets that could just be the time of day, but RCMP are still asking people to stay vigilant to pay attention to anyone in the area and, of course, call them if they see something. One of the things that we have been centered around as far as information here in gilliam is a vehicle that was located burnt out RCMP, confirming it was connected to the two wanted individuals that vehicle we can tell. You has since been moved out of Gilliam. It is now in Thompson. Manitoba RCMP are dealing with that right now. At this point, the investigation, the search, is ongoing for these two individuals who have made their way somehow from BC to northern Manitoba, crystal de Manson Global News Gillam Manitoba.