Three, the home of Manitoba's government is quiet tonight soon these halls will be filled with the provinces 42nd Assembly, but who will lead that group and the province tonight? We find out on September 10th 2019 in the upcoming provincial election and with that the stage was set for the forty second time in Manitoba history. The people have the opportunity to decide the future of our province. Brian Pallister, challenged by fresh faces with Wahb canoe now leading the NDP and Dugald Lamont with the Liberals. There are people who are not happy with what happened with 50 Palika theses. Promises have been made more jobs, predictable, stable funding. We've got to roll back the changes that we're done and through it all we listen to you. This is not an isolated situation. This has happened to other people. I would definitely link the robberies that we've seen to just fast cash to drugs, licensed practical nurses, working whose jobs were totally eliminated will Manitobans stay the course with the Progressive Conservatives for his new leadership needed. This is decision Manitoba good evening and thank you for joining us for decision. Manitoba 2019. This is your provincial election headquarters. Global news and 680 C J OB are teaming up for extensive coverage tonight, bringing you election results when they happen, along with analysis of what the future holds for Manitoba. Our team of reporters is positioned at the leaders headquarters, we'll be hearing from them throughout the night, Global's Brittany Green slate is standing by with the Progressive Conservatives Kevin Hirschfeld is keeping his eye on the NDP Global's Joe Scarpelli is watching the liberal camp tonight and a Burma gouken is with the Green Party in the woolsley riding as they look for their first seat ever in Manitoba tonight. Now the polls have just closed and as soon as data becomes available to us, we'll be bringing it to you. If you're watching on TV you'll notice to the right of the screen results from individual ridings will cycle through, we also have a running seat count. It will show you the total number of seats. A party is either leading or elected in and remember, each party is hoping to get to 29 seats, the number needed for a majority. Now, for those of you listening on radio or if you'd like to follow online tonight, you can head over to global news, CA / Winnipeg for results and a live stream of this broadcast. Now, as the numbers begin to reveal themselves this evening, will be bringing new commentary of what it all means, and for that I'd like to welcome 680, CTO, B's, Richard, clue che and Global News, chief political correspondent, David akin to the show gentlemen, let's begin by talking about the big picture: well, the big picture is Brian. Pallister has 40 last time around in 2016 40 of 57 seats, now with healthcare being a key part of this general election. Will you be able to keep that 40 and what does that mean for the other parties here David the NDP are trying to build on 12 seats from last time around. That's right. This is a really interesting election in that there are four parties that could all say mission accomplished at the end of the night and let's take a look. The PCs want to hold the majority, but they could lose 10 seats and still have a majority. That's the PCs mission accomplished while canoe in the get to 12 16 18 seats. That's mission accomplished Duke Lamont's liberals. They want to hold official party status, that's mission accomplished and for the Green Party of Manitoba never ever want to seek before maybe tonight's. The night I think they've got a chance, and that would be mission accomplished for that party. So Lisa there's lots of stories within the stories that we're going to be tracking this evening. You bet all right: we're also joined by global senior current affairs reporter Eric Sorenson he's helping keep an eye on those key ridings and the entire province Eric Lisa. If Brian Pallister has one advantage this election night, it is Manitoba's own history, the disposition of Manitobans to elect a government and then re-elected a second time in the 99 year. History of the Manitoba Legislature building. Only the government of stirling lyon in 1981 did not get a second mandate that history and the will of Manitobans will be tested once more tonight, I'm not aware of any rift in the Conservative Party. For over 60 years, only the Conservatives and New Democrats have governing Manitoba Conservative premier Duff Roblin won four elections. Then ed Schreyer assured in the very first NDP government. For two terms. A pattern unique to Manitoba was established a battle of left and right with ample time for each to govern. There's also, the north/south divide. Conservatives have won consistently in the rich farmland of southern Manitoba, while the NDP has usually won in the less populated mining and indigenous communities in the north. In Winnipeg, New Democrats have won primarily from the city core to the north. To the east side, the Conservatives have often won the neighborhood's in Winnipeg, south and west. The battleground to form government often decided by ridings that swing between north and south left and right and when Manitobans are ready for change and so new democrat Howard Poli won two elections. Then Gary filmin won three for the Conservatives, then the NDP came back to win four times three with Gary dewer and one with Greg Selinger, and that brings us to 2016. The electoral map went massively blue and Premier Brian Pallister hopes Manitobans will do what they've done so often give a first-time government a second term. So a Brian Pallister enters this election night with a little history on his side now, history also suggests the main challenge will come from Wahb canoe and the NDP, though Dougal of Lamont and the Liberals hope to change the course of manitoba history and the Greens hope to write a brand new chapter. All together. The results will begin to fill in our virtual legislature. The pcs in blue, with 38 seats at disillusion, are defending their place on the government benches. The new democrats in orange have just 12 seats at disillusion. The bottom line for the Liberals in red retain official party status, with at least four seats, plus three other independents in gray, the total 57, but on this night the count starts at zero. The slate is wiped clean fifty-seven, separate elections are under way, the counting just beginning from Manitoba's 42nd Legislative Assembly Lisa. All right. Thanks for that, Eric Soren sent a wealth of history. There yeah I just wanted to point out that we do have zeros zeros zeros across the board. Nobody is leading or elected right now and for those listening on CGI be watching at home trust us we've got a pipeline to elections, Manitoba the minute that they count a ballot. It's going to show up in our results at the bottom of our screen and we'll be sure, all night long I'm going to tell you if you're listening on the radio online right now, nobody is leading or elected anywhere in the province. It's still what three minutes in yeah we should have some results, probably within the next ten minutes, and one of the other things I'll be looking for tonight is that voter turnout last time around it was 56 percent. A lot of people are saying: I'll be it'll, be amazing if we get to 50 percent, all right, David akin Richard Cloutier. Thanks for that now, let's check in with our reporters again they're stationed throughout Winnipeg tonight, Britney Greenslade joins us from the PC Party headquarters, Britney the Tories, hoping to retain that comfortable majority. What's the vibe down there tonight yeah Lisa a lot of nervous energy here at the Conservative Party headquarters. Now the Tories want a majority government back in 2016 putting them in power for the first time. In 17 years now, Brian Pallister kept his promise and lowered the PST in the first term, but he also brought in widespread health care reform. So do Manitobans agree with those difficult decisions, or is it too much too tonight? Is the test can Pallister hold on to that majority government and how many seats can he keep away from the NDP? That's where our Kevin Hirschfeld is live tonight, Kevin? Well, the NDP is hoping for redemption tonight. It was three years ago when they were resoundingly booted out of power. Tonight they come in with a new leader, Wahb, canoe and they're, hoping to take back many of those seeds that they lost in that 2016. Tory landslide now canoe has said it since the start of this campaign. Health care is the number one issue. He says the Tories changes have been reckless had been too fast. Will Manitobans agree with him. We can find out very shortly. The Liberal Party also hoping to make major gains tonight and send it to their headquarters. Now, where Joel Scarpelli is joke, Kevin. Thank you. Liberal leader, Dougal Demont believes his party is stronger and more organized than it's been in a generation, and tonight the Liberals are trying to prove just that, but for one lawsuit and the Liberals are once again without official party status. Now, let's check in with Amber McGowan covering the Green Party thanks Joe, the Green Party is hoping to make history here tonight. Getting their first seat ever in Manitoba and Wolseley is where they're putting the most of their hope here tonight last election they were about 400 votes away from securing the seat, and the NDP incumbent is out there thinking. This could be their year and polls are showing about one in ten amount of Tobin's say they would vote green, so we'll see how they do here tonight back to you Lisa all right thanks, so that so much for that Amber Magoo can now begin now. We're gonna take a look at a handful of ridings we're keeping a close eye on tonight, beginning with Saint Boniface David, akin yeah, so I picked this riding. Why? Because voters in a by-election said they're gonna do something different. This was great Salinger's riding a course in Dougal Mont wanted in a by-election, I liked ridings. That could be up for change all my friends and Steinbach I'm. Sorry, I know what you're gonna do tonight. You're gonna like to progress, a conservative boring st. Boniface, those voters there they made some changes last time so I'm. Looking at that we got a liberal leader, larysa Simpson, the Democrats she'd, be the other favorite I think if Lamont doesn't win so we'll keep an eye on st. Boniface all night long. That's one of my key writings, all right. We now have woolsley, and this is where you saw the really tight Green Party race. Last election. That's right! So my NDP insiders are pretty confident that new Democrat Lisa mailers gonna win here but I like the green story. Greens are the Official Opposition in PEI, Greens won three ridings in New Brunswick. They won their first riding Ontario and Greens hold the balance of power in BC. Will greens tonight will Manitoba join that trend? Will the Greens win one at least tonight, because if they do I think there's gonna be walls Lee, David knickers is the green candidate and that's why I'm watching Wilson well and I'm watching a tube, but that riding is less granola than it used to be because of redistribution, so Lisa Naylor I still think is the favor there for the NDP, but it'll be fascinating. Now, I have two ridings as well. In winnipeg, st. Patel to me is key if the NDP are going to make inroads on the healthcare issue: Jamie Moses, who has been knocking on doors for the past six months with Nancy Allen, who used to have that riding for the NDP Colleen Maher is a cabinet minister. So she goes down we'll find out early, whether or not the NDP are making that comeback. That's a key Winnipeg ride for me, but I don't want to be accused of having perimeter itis. So let's go to dolphin out in the western part of Manitoba. This is a riding that the NDP need to retain. If they're gonna grow from 12, they lost it back in 2016. They need to get this one back. It used to be always solid, NDP territory. So it's one of those writings that if we find out early in the evening that the NDP are doing well and take that back, then suddenly I think the NDP are making a comeback. Is that a thing for remedy writers? Can you really get that in this demo? You can I do have some ointment, for it I think, there's vaccinations all right right, no numbers to report just yet, but stay with us still to come tonight, results an election call and reaction. This is decision. Manitoba 2019 you, the Frick's famous tent sale, get up to 60% on clearance items in the tents plus get this modern sofa. Only $5.99 this velvet, queen bed, just 249 exclusive inglis high-efficiency laundry team. Only 898 these plush velvet Ottomans are just $69 each for the Samsung 55 inch, 4k Smart TV. Only $5.99 plus buy many more incredible deals throughout the store, don't miss it. The bricks and famous 10 sale saving you more sage, Creek inspires you to expect more from the design of your community, whether you're starting fresh, need more space or are entering the next stage. Sage Creek builds on the idea of what makes a community truly liveable, like walkability, appealing shops and services and plenty of parks, playgrounds and trails. It's a community that continues to attract new residents and break new ground each day, learn more at Sage Creek CA. Have you not tried to be on meat burger yet I? Have it all right here you got one for each of you right now, they're just 399! Oh that's a great deal now. What's your Excuse I, don't have what now yeah you don't have the big spin scratch and win. You could join winners like Jim. Are you ready to see Jim Jim scratch watch spin with its Leon's customer appreciation event. Our biggest sale of the year get amazing specials throughout the showroom like 50% off this Collier Shaye's. Now only $5.99 plus winfrey furniture in every store and so much more this weekend only welcome back we're gonna try to bit about the big topic this election and that's healthcare. The Pallister government made some major changes, Lisa we're still waiting for results and the big changes here were in Winnipeg in battleground Winnipeg in the north and the Northeast and in the south, and really if the NDP are going to make any inroads David, it's going to be on that healthcare issue. Ya know I think so you mentioned that to me, you're talking about dolphin is one of the NDP strongholds. They have to snap back dolphin Thompson, Brandon, EES fine, then there's three ridings right in Winnipeg that are affected by the ER closures that they could win: Radisson, McPhillips trans Kona. Those are right now PC ridings and we could get something coming up. First, results now along the bottom of the screen and for our listeners, we're gonna, tell you. We have leading and elected right now the Liberals showing one Progressive, Conservatives NDP and Green Party all sitting at zero right now in borderland, the Liberal candidate Lauren brawl showing 45% of the vote over Josh Gunter from the PC Party. But right now that's one out of 46. One call and this ain't gonna be the way it finishes tonight. I'll bet you Looney, absolutely borderland, cliff Grayden is running as an independent after he was tossed out from the Progressive Conservative caucus. This will be one that's interesting to watch throughout the evening. Yeah I think the Conservatives are Progressive. Conservatives are favored they're cliffs an outside shot. If the Liberals win there, they're gonna have a fabulous night all over the throttles. Let me tell you that all right David akin Richard clutch a thank you now. Another part of our coverage tonight is our panel, that's being hosted by 680 CJ, o B's Julie Buckingham Julie welcome inside the PC headquarters at the canons, Polo Park and honor panel joined on my far left by my 680 CJ ob colleague, Hal Anderson, former political or retired political scientist, Shannon Sanford and a one-time mayoral candidate, Jenny, mock, colic and they'll, be providing us some insight. What we've heard from listeners on the air from their background as a politician and covering the politicians for many many years, and this has been really a campaign that I think Hal and I have talked about on the air that we've been concerned, that there haven't been enough issues to really pull people to the polls to the ballot box last time around there is that appetite to really boot out the NDP? Do you think there was enough issues Jenny to really get people fired up, I think that was part of the strategy Julie. You know it's a classic frontrunner campaign that was run by the PC party, Manitoba and I think the results will play out in their favor. The truth is I agree with you, I don't think there was. There were an awful lot of exciting issues to talk about. Obviously, healthcare is something that people are talking about, but let's face it. We have to do something to fix the health care in the problem face it. Ladies, it was a boring game results. I, don't think that was the bigger the big gamble of the NDP to make this a one party, one big issue, health care and he failed. They failed at it miserably. How did lob fail and Bob failed by just focusing on health care and I think he should have been much broader. He could have done the math crisis. He could have done education, he could have been broader. An illustration would have been very welcome from my perspective. You know we talk a lot about how we're gonna spend our money. We're gonna, spend money on healthcare and spend money on education. I. Think, though, for me I'm really looking for somebody to tell me how we're gonna make some money right, how are we gonna really truly drive our economy in the province because, let's face it, money is the thing that we need do all conservative, the NDP if they were to be really sharp, should have stepped in, though, and talked about the math crisis and I. Think that you know if you're going to talk about it in the healthcare crisis. The math crisis is the bigger driver. But if you pull minute, we saw in the polling, though, that the only issue Manitoba health care that was actually created that was created by the NDP and by the unions I think that was created. I, don't know it's real. You think that the the union vote had a real impact on this camp. I think the union's vote did have an impact and also I think the fact that the unions were so busy the first two weeks fighting inside inside themselves, it's possible that that was another part of a front-running trilogy, absolutely in a summer election in Manitoba, very smart, mr. Pallister, so Shannon. What do you think the strategy was behind the Pallister campaign to say at times we are working on health care. We are pushing it forward and then other times saying this was an NDP report that we are acting well. You know he was very smart. Mr. Pallister, in a lot of ways, he was very humble and very very clear that you know what maybe we did come in a little too fast, but you know we're willing to talk to you about how we could do it better yeah. If you give us another mandate, that was smart of him to say you know. Maybe we did a little too quick, we're ready to kind of come back on it. We're gonna pause the pin, that's right and we'll keep coming back to you throughout the evening for our thoughts, let's throw it back to the desk, it's good, all right, Julie buckingham! Thank you right now, leading and elected the Progressive Conservatives are showing for the NDP to the Liberal and Green Party still at zero right now, let's check in on some of our early results. Key word: early: three out of 46 polls reporting in borderland Josh Gunther, the PC candidate, with 29 percent of the vote. Moving on now to lakeside, we'll see what the numbers are. Looking like there again, it's very early in the evening. One poll reporting there where Ralph Eichler the PC incumbent is showing the lead with 57% of the vote to the NDP candidates. 32% insane fatale now I know Richard. You wanted to talk a bit about this writing Jamie Moses in the lead right now over the Liberal candidate, but again only one out of 42 polls reporting. But if the NDP are to make inroads tonight they need to take this riding back so far. 40 percent 47 percent of the votes in st. Vittal for the NDP and the night is kind of turning out a little bit. The way it should be pcs out to a lead 7 over the NDP - all right and a quick look at the POC ME sack again - out of 54 polls, reporting, Amanda Laflin 86% of the vote. The NDP incumbent they're over the PCs, Ron Evans and I, should point out in all the polls that are reporting so far. All the incumbents are pretty much holding except in st. for tau. That right now is the only pick up of the night. It's an ND pick up NDP pick up over the Conservatives, all right, we're gonna toss it over to Eric Sorensen. Now, with a quick tour of our electoral map Eric over to you Lisa, the map is beginning to fill in and it is looking interesting as every election does. For example, the NDP, if it's going to make a comeback, would expect that they could take back Thompson, but for the moment they're not, let's have a look at that board and see what is going on in Thompson Manitoba, and you can see that Kelley bindle has a a narrow lead over Danielle Adams again for the NDP. This is I must take back if they are actually going to challenge on the evening. Looking at that map again, we can see that there are some ridings filling in there's. The Paul cami sac is going to the NDP for the moment, but a Swan River Riding Mountain, both going conservative, there's borderland remember earlier. We were talking about it being liberal. That was momentary and that may have only been be the only time it goes that way. Now, of course, we want to go in and look at Winnipeg Winnipeg has the most ridings in the province. It has the most swing ridings. It is where these elections are usually decided. You can see right there sandy tell that's what David was talking about. It is the one riding so far that looks like it might be a take away inside the city of Winnipeg and that is Kildonan River, East I, believe that would be expected to be a hold for the Conservatives back to you, Lisa all right, Eric Sorensen, thanks so much for that. We're gonna check out a few more ridings in Manitoba right now, as the early results start to come in riding Mountain. The PC incumbent Greg Nesbitt, ahead with 61% of the vote again - at 81 polls reporting it's very early in the night riding mountain is one of those ridings where it's PC all the way. Kildonan River east one poll reporting there pc incumbent, Cathy Cox in the lead, with 49% of the vote elections Manitoba doing a good job getting these Rizzo. Then polls have been closed now for 23 minutes and it species 9 NDP for liberal zero, green zero, leading an elected in Steinbach. There is one of your PCs leading Kevin Gertz, didn't I. Tell you. Steinbach was gonna, send us a Progressive, Conservative Kelvin ger to Lima back I'll bet my bottom dollar and right now, he'd be disappointed. It only 90s. You are there. You are rich, you all right and swan river. Still just one poll reporting your PC incumbent, Rick, Wow Chuck, with 71% of the vote. So the night is unfolding. As I said, you know, sort of to plan. We saw a couple of pollsters active again PCs nine twice as much and more than the NDP at four seats. Liberals are not leading and elected anywhere, and the greens are not leading and elected anywhere, but we only have 13 of the 57 seeds now with any results, and as you listen to this and as you watch this, you have to be reminded that you have to draw a line really from Dauphin Manitoba right through the heart of the city of Winnipeg, to Steinbach. Everything on the north of that riding. That line is usually NDP. Territory to the south and west is usually progressive. Conservative and, as these numbers are coming in right now, it's the pigs very similar to that pattern. It goes back to the history of Manitoba politics. Alright, our show tonight is being simulcast on 680 CJ OB, and we want to mention that our reporters are paired off with CJ OB reporters and hosts throughout the night. Let's check in now with globals Britney Greenslade she's live down at PC headquarters tonight joined by 680 CJ obese Greg, Macklin, hey Brit, hi Lisa, one of the biggest things we've been hearing out biggest issues to voters. This go-around has been health care, so I want to bring in 680 C GOP host Greg Macklin now and Greg you've been getting a listeners to call in for months now. What have they been saying about health care and really what it matters to them? We've heard from everyone from Mon, paw, Jane and Joe Q, public nurses, doctors, people that are within the system and they all have an opinion union leaders if you've had health care. You have an opinion on this and it runs the gamut from it's great. We didn't need to change a thing too admitting that we needed to change some things, but I think even premier Pallister at the time admitted in the last couple of weeks, or so that maybe this was too much too quick. While canoe is admitted that yes, changes needed to take place but has been uncomfortable with the speed of those changes and I. Think that maybe has been the refining commentary on this topic throughout the last several weeks of the campaign we know change is hard. It's difficult people don't like it's. The one thing we're really gonna be keeping an eye on tonight is those ridings around the ers that were changed to urgent cares. What have you been hearing from people in those areas? Well, I live in one of those areas and I live close to Concordia Hospital and people are not happy about the fact that the ER at Concordia has been closed. People are not happy about the fact that Seven Oaks Hospital closed their er. Wahb canoe has pledged to reopen. Those obviously would have to be in government in order to make that happen. The changes we just heard on C gob this morning, someone who joined us on one of our open line shows that said very impressed with the changes versus some of the experiences in the past. So just like opinions. This is ones all over the map in terms of how people view this as either a smart move or something that needs to be reversed. 680 C GOP is Greg Macklin joining me here at PC headquarters. Tonight we are gonna, be he and I closely on those ridings surrounding all of those hospitals back to you, Lisa all right, thanks for that Brittany David, akin and CJ Obie's Richard cliche joining me. Now, let's hit on these big numbers, which you just said, Richard brace yourself because they're about to go quite quickly, they are and the press if conservatives are elected and leading in 14 the NDP and six so far, nothing for the Liberals and the Greens. The magic number for majority is 29. Alright, Brian Pallister, currently leading in his riding a fort white. Just one poll reporting there, but Brian Pallister right now, with 53% of the vote over B brusky from the NDP in Brandon West, the PC incumbent with a healthy lead, they're still just one poll reporting, reg shalwar should be able to take this riding quite easily. Moving on now to point Douglas, where Bernadette Smith, an NDP riding she's the incumbent there, with 70% of safest, NDP riding in the province, pointed and Portage la Prairie, Ian Wishart, the PC incumbent 75% of the vote. Just one poll reporting and again the number, the big numbers shaping up as we anticipated the Conservatives came in with a majority likely to go out with a majority, maybe reduced their on track right now, they're leading or elected in 15, the New Democrats leading elected in seven and right now it's a two horse race, there's, no liberals or greens on the board. Bob. Can you the NDP leader yesterday, said that if you want to vote against Pallister, you have to park your vote with the NDP Mart movie enough painting on how the splits go will see whether or not the Liberals get any of those votes at this point, but so far any anti health care vote is going to the NDP all right. Let's check in on what our panel has to say so far tonight Julie buckingham from 680 CJ OB. Let you take it from here: Hal Anderson joining me as his Shannon Sanford, and also Jenny McCulloch, and we saw earlier that Rick whoa Chuck is leading in his riding. He was the center of some controversy this week having breached policy and Bob canoe. The leader of the NDP has had his own criminal background in history exposed. Does that make a difference to voters, because we see I mean it's very early, but what will Chuck was leading and does that make a difference? Should people care about the background and whether it's an HR issue or a legal issue? Well I think people should care whether or not they're premier has a conviction and criminal past I think it's an it's an issue and I think also people should care whether or not there's a sort of a sign of misogyny against women. Well, I, don't think, there's any chance of one canoe being the premier after tonight. Well can I make a quick prediction here. I want to say this because at the start of the show, David Aitken talked about missions, a couple that may not be accomplished tonight: WOB canoe and the NDP may not get enough additional seats for him to keep his job and I. Think the Liberals are gonna fall from four official party status down to two. That will cost Dougal lamont his job and then who wants four the Liberal Party, so I just wanted to get that out there because I think that's what's gonna happen. Do you think that Jenny that it was a mistake for the NDP to select log canoe as their leader, given his background, I was shocked when the members of the the New Democratic Party elected web can you've, given that all of those allegations and not even allegations but criminal convictions were exposed during the leadership campaign, and it's it's not just about being an NDP for the sake of being an NDP, but every member of every party is a person and we have to examine the people and their values and who they are when we choose to put them in power. But you know what, interestingly enough I did not hear a lot of that when I opened up the phones on my top, who was the alternative right I mean come on Steve. There was no alternative at the time. Thee there were, their backs were up against the walls, so, frankly they could. They got what they got. I'm just surprised. He stuck with him as long as they did we'll talk more about this and many other issues as the evening goes along for now, a returning to the desk, all right, Julie thanks for that, the big picture right now, the PCs leading or elected in 18 ridings, the NDP 10, the Liberals and Green Party still showing zero, but we do want to say we expect a lot of ridings to be reporting within about the next 10 minutes, so you're gonna want to stay tuned in the meantime, let's throw it down to Eric Sorensen he's gonna tour. You around man, I told this rural ridings Eric yep we're gonna we're gonna, get to that. We're gonna start first with a look at Winnipeg. Just because we're seeing some ridings fill in here, for example, the conservative riding right here, there's Brian pallister's, so I mean let's bring that board right up. If we have it just to see how he's doing so far in fort white, it is only one poll reporting he has a healthy lead. That would be a surprise if he did not go on to win that. Let's come on back out to the map again and just see, though, that there are some things happening for the NDP that aren't too bad. For the moment, that's savvy tell that's turning orange for the NDP they're Kildonan River East, that's another! That would represent another takeaway for the NDP. Let's bring it out to what we're calling the Red, River Valley sort of the Greater Winnipeg area, and you can see one more that is Selkirk. Now that's Allan Lodge emoti a for the Republic for the Conservatives who holds that riding. They have switched it around, because Selkirk used to be a little bit further to the east. They brought it over. The community of Selkirk itself came over with that. He would hope to to hold this. But if we have Selkirk as a board to look at we'll see what's happening in its Mitch Oh Bach, who is a head of lodging OTA by a more than 200 votes only with one poll reporting, but the it's not a bad start to get a 280 vote lead with only one poll reporting. We have other tools that we're looking at and one of them that's worth looking at right now would be the popular vote just because you start to get a sense, then of what how these parties are doing. You've been talking about all of them. You can see that right now the Conservatives can't be unhappy with 47 percent. That would still be almost a high-water mark for them, not quite as much as 2016, but not much of a comedown. Yet the NDP will have gained almost 10 points with what we see so far. The Liberals are off a bit. The greens are not having this kind of breakthrough that we might have been expecting, but that's just so far. We can't be too sure, and of course the other thing is we've talked about is what we call our a majority meter. This is the race to get to 29, because the Conservatives are more than halfway there right now, they're standing at 19. They just want to get to 29 or beyond, and at right now they seem to be on their way. The NDP looks like they're the ones that are picking up the most seats so far, but far short of what the Conservatives are doing. Lisa all right, Eric, Sorenson things for that right now we have the Progressive Conservatives, leading or elected in nineteen ridings, the NDP 13 and the Liberals showing one do we know what I was just saying to Richard I was sneaking in I know if you heard that whisper River, Heights and who's running in River Heights. Well, it's going to be the good dr., John Gerard and in the green one riding it's good, that's the one, but so far in st. Boniface. That's the key for the liberal fortunes and their leader in Saint Boniface, but for Kerry is one of those very interesting ridings Lisa, because they're so far the NDP are leading Marquess ilio is the NDP candidate former, while he's still a Winnipeg trustee, but he's running there he's a lawyer he's run in federal elections before, but if the NDP are going to be a solid opposition party and that's where it's looking right now, but if they're gonna make a comeback, they have to win those ridings safe to tell Fort Garry in the in the urban part of Winnipeg you're. Absolutely right, I just want to also mention the nd or picking up seats. No other parties, picking up seeds in the NDP are picking up seats, Kildonan, River, East McPhillips right now in burrows and at the cost of the Liberals that liberal vote as Eric showed us is going right down. That's right! So, right now the NDP are at 14 seats. Remember they started the night with 12 and I heard how a minute ago, thinking maybe the NDP parka to be mission accomplished, we'll see, but right now, they're doing better than when they started, but the PCs are comfortably ahead with 19 still some lots of ridings that haven't reported a single vote yet all right, the Green Party of Manitoba looking for just one seat tonight, let's throw it down to Global's, amber Magoo, Caen she's in the woolsley riding this evening and she's standing by with the greens campaign manager, Mel Hebert, hey amber at least, say yeah, that's right in with Melanie we're at the Green Party's campaign, organizers, O'malley we've seen some success for the Green Party across Canada. How do you think that might influence the results here in Manitoba yeah we're? Definitely building on that momentum. I think what people are seeing is that greens they're a serious party, no they're a serious party ready to make. You know bold changes and yeah we're seeing that definitely in Manitoba, and what would it mean for you guys? You've not had a seat ever yet before what would it mean for you guys to secure one here tonight? So what we're finding across Canada right now is once people get that first seat in parliament sooner more to follow. So, for instance, if you look at P I, they got their first seat in 2015. Now in 2019 they're the official opposition in BC, they got their first seat in 2013, and now they have three seats so so we're one green is sooner and more to follow. So it's just up from here right thanks, so much Mel back to you in studio, East, Africa, good, all right, amber Magoo can thanks for that right now, leading or elected the Progressive Conservatives 22 ridings, the NDP 15. This means some NDP gains. So, with more insight there, we're gonna, give it back to Eric Sorensen, hey, Eric, hey Lisa, so I mean this map doesn't look unlike a lot of maps in Manitoba elections, where the conservers are winning a lot or ridings in southern Manitoba NDP, maybe coming back in in Kuwait and look hard to know for sure, because you know early night, not that many votes counted. Do we have the board for Kuwait? Look just to give you a sense of how close it might be because in some of these instances I looked at it a few moments ago and in Kuwait they had about a three vote lead and in another writing, Interlake I. Think if we have that one, it was also a very narrow lead that uh here's key wait, look right there and what is the lead? Well, it's only one poll the lead is three. So there you go Ian bushi, trying to take that away actually from the Liberals Jason Harper, because the that was there writing last time, Ron. So there's Keewatin up. But if we come back, we can have a look at the map again, and you can see that there are some other writings that are kind of interesting Interlake just down here. It's it has moved south, because the Paul Kami Shack has also kind of brought the paw riding further south before in between the two lakes, and now the inter Lake area is a little further south than it was before there. You can see it. This is a case again where the, where the lead is very narrow. At this point, let's take another look just at Winnipeg, because every so often it's changing over, we just want to get a sense of what the map is. Looking like in Winnipeg for the moment, you can see the Liberals are actually leading in to righties right now and I can tell you that's River Heights. That would be no surprise the one just on top of it just over the Assiniboine that would be woolsley. Now everybody's been talking about the Green Party winning there and the NDP saying no we're going to take that back, hey. That would be something if the Liberals ended up winning in woolsley back to you Lisa all right, Eric, thanks so much for that. This is a great time to take it down to NDP headquarters. Let's go to Kevin Hirschfeld he's standing by with our friend from CJ Obi Loretta McNabb, hey Kevin yeah down here at the met, and we talked to folks earlier who said: there's optimism they're encouraged. They hope all the hard work before the campaign pays off and they've gained in a couple of spots. So far, 15 seats at last check, which is more from the 12 that they came in with and we're joined now by six ADC Joey, wheeler n McNab from the start and the Wren you've covered plenty of elections, you've seen the NDP at their high points and you've seen them at their low points, 2016 one, for example. Do you think they've done enough this campaign to maybe get moving in that right direction again, I think. So the question is: how much you can call this take back night, payback night call it whatever you want, they're looking to get that swagger back in their step. I can tell you back in 2016. There are still people today who are still feeling battled and bruised from what happened to them back then they they lost in season. They should never have lost up. So this is about power, whether it's return to power or just gained a bit of that power back, they might have made an inch forward. They might have missed out on some few key issues, though, for voters and for our listeners yeah hoping to do that with their leader. Wahb can do we've seen some I'm with lob signs here, but you mentioned use your the listeners every day the NDP has said it from the start. Health care is the number one issue, but from what you hear of listeners, were they focusing on the right spot? Do the listeners think that health care was the main issue here in this election? The question is: is healthcare, the issue because you had a bad experience like the mom who came to see Joe beam said she had a 16-hour wait with her daughter in the ER, or did you also have that wait five years ago and you're saying to yourself yeah I, don't go back to the way things were. Healthcare may be a big thing, I think they missed out on crime and I'll tell you where it might hurt them. Brandon East. It was a writing that in its creation and its lifetime had never gone Tory, it went Tory the last time the NDP are hoping to win that back, but here's where crime could play an issue. Their Liberal candidate, their Kim Longstreet, is a mom of a recovering meth addict she's with the Brandon bear clan she's pounded the pavement. She's been yelling about crime for years. She put, she put her name on the ballot and she might take some votes from the NDP and writings like that, and there might be other places like that tonight. All right we'll be paying attention to the results. All night lemak now from six CDC Jo B's at the start, we'll send it back to you here from the met Lisa in studio all right thanks team we want to mention it is 8:40 as we wait for these numbers to come in. Brian Pallister has won his riding of fort white, no surprise here that Pallister would win there, but what is absolutely fascinating. David right now is that this really is a horse race. We're still four seats away from that magic number. The majority meter of 29 seems when the PCs are winning or elected in 25 seats. The NDP 17, the Liberals in three, a whopping majority in Manitoba, is about 30 to 33 seats, but the NDP so far. The story early is that they're making it come they're showing some strength, and we haven't seen a lot of traditional NDP ridings count. Yet so here's where we're at just to give you a sense of what's going on this is our leading or elected board. Remember that's! That's the combined total in what we call the chiclet at the bottom, but here's the chart that says PCs are leading in 20 elected in five, and we just told you, for example, Brian Pallister elected and for white. The NDP will only have them leading right now: they're, not elected anywhere, our decision desk, saying still leading in 17, and that's still very good, very early in the evening that liberals leading in three not elected anywhere, one of those as River Heights they're, leading in the other one that they're leading in by the way is Wolseley, is where they're leading. Of course, we thought that would be a green NDP fight. It may yet be, but right now liberals are leading in woolsley all right. Well, as the numbers begin to come in quicker. We're gonna take some time to talk with our panel with host from 680 C gob Julie Buckingham, hey Julie, I'm Lisa and let's I want to pick up on something that Jenny maciolek just said. I can't always you could only be here when the cameras are off I'm still here. I cannot believe the voters of Manitoba want to go back to the dark days of 17 years. Explain Jenny, look for a long time. We had the NDP and government. Is you know? Gary dewer was a very popular premier, there's no doubt, but the fact of the matter is is that Manitoba has the highest taxes. We have that, among the greatest amount of public service we have among the least amount of private-sector activity were worst in education. Our health care is terrible, and so Brian Pallister was real, was elected three years ago to transform this, and he has taken a goes approach and incremental changes on the right path. Yeah, but it's, but these it's early, and this is leading in I, think basically, Wahb canoe played a fear campaign. You're going to lose your classrooms you're going to lose your health care you're going to lose. It's all typical NDP tactics, and you know even things like they're closing the ers. They are not actually closing the hospitals, they are transforming them from an ER to an urgent care and let's face it 99% of the time when any of us go to emergency. It is an urgent care issue. It's not, but do you want for emergencies, not also think that pallister's campaign, and just the way he is- is a turn-off to some people in me. In my career City working to my job, I agree but I had lawyers saying to me: I, don't like how he says: I, don't mind, being the tough love premier I think this province needs oh, but you know he played great offense I have to tell you and when he didn't want to talk he sent in his really strong front bench. Tell me: do we have a strong front bench from the NDP? Listen I, don't think so. Flora marceline, oh my gosh, and you know what that's an important thing to note as it is about bench strength because one person doesn't govern this right and the fact that Brian Pallister has attracted and recruited such strong candidates such experienced people that we can have confidence in our cabinet going forward -. So he said on CJ Opie if he wins tonight, he's in it for the next four years. Oh we're talking about a strong bench so who is waiting to fill those very large well after he says. First of all, do you believe he's gonna say yes or no? He says he's gonna stay we'll find out yeah, I'm, five foot, ten and blonde, no think about it and tell us who you think could be the next leader of the pan by the way, by the way, Shandy strong is the liberal leading in woolsley. The trans advocate congratulate put a pause on this for now return you to the desk all right. Thanks, Julie Buckingham, we're gonna, take a look at some progressive conservative takeaways tonight, the PCs sitting leading or elected in 30 ridings, the NDP 16, the Liberals three. In borderland, we're 12 out of 46 polls are reporting right now the PC candidate has been elected, that's Josh, Gunther was 61% of them. Once again, the PCs have crossed the magic number of 29 they're, leading or elected in 31. Now so 29 is a majority. Pcs are at the promised land right now, all right and in Fort Garry PC candidate Nancy cook, just slightly ahead of the NDP candidate. There I expect this riding to go a while here, Dan C cook 37% mark was silly 35% for the NDP Craig Larkins at 21% for the Liberals, that's one of those key ridings. If the NDP are going to make inroads, they need to win this one back, but redistribution favors it towards the progressive and the fourth. Gary was on one of those lists I saw from NDP inside. As I said, you know if we're having a really good night. Ridings like for Gary are coming their way and it yet could. It looks like a tight race at Fort Garry, but the story so far tonight is that majority were at that that 31 elected or leading for the Progressive Conservatives and again, like I, say in Manitoba 33 34 is a healthy majority government. Yes, the NDP are making a comeback, but not enough to make a real dent in the progressive concern. Let's remember: Pallister won an all-time high of 40 in 2016 at dissolution. He had 38. So you know that was crazy good. They could give up some seats night and still have a happy majority all right with that. Let's take it down to PC Party headquarters where Brittney Greenslade is standing by with our 680 CJ ob partner. Tonight, Gregg Macklin, hey Brittany, hi Lisa. It is getting busy down here, people starting to make their way in and we have Conservative MP James bazaine in here with us right now and James. You have your own campaign to start thinking about, but you've been doing a lot of door, knocking as well tell us why it's important to help out the provincial campaign -. Well, you know I'm still a Manitoban. First and foremost, and so being part of our PC team and helping our provincial cousins win. This majority PC government with Brian Pallister returning as our premier was so very important. I think that this is a great day for Manitoba and, of course we got our big kick-off tomorrow and it's going to be a lot of hard work out there. But you know the issues that I heard on the doorsteps, with our provincial cousins. There are the same ones that we're hearing about people are concerned about affordability, but leave more money in their pockets and I want to make sure that they are seeing those tax cuts and the proper investments in our health care system in our education and we're seeing that with Brian else for the PCT a lot of working together here. What were you hearing out when you were door-knocking about getting people and convincing them to revote for the Conservatives here locally? Well, you know I think that none of them saw any future with Bob kanoon andp or with the Liberals or the Greens for that matter, so that their choice was Brian. Call from the PC team and they're coming out in droves tonight and giving us out majority government I can also say it's because of the hard work of our candidates and our incumbent Emily's. Along with the amazing volunteer system. It was a ground game and that is where the fight was won, because we had such an incredible team out there working everyday, finding those votes and making sure they showed up and put it there. They're cast our ballots in the ballot box, James thanks servant of MP. Thank you. So much for joining us, you're, hearing lots of cheers. Here's all of those votes and polls are coming in Lisa will throw it back to you very good thanks for that Brittany right now, the PCs leading or elected in 30 ridings, the NDP 17. Let's take a closer look at those leading and elected numbers tonight and again, once we get more elected in the cattigan, the the column for the PCs they're elected in 10, leading in 20 for a total of 30, as we get more and more elected, we'll be closer and closer to saying it looks like a PC government, and it does in fact they're over that majority meter. Ndp you're, leading only in story leading in 14 elected in two liberals, are leading in four, not elected in any ridings at this point. But this is the areas where Cindy Lamoreaux in Tindall Park is leading for the Liberals and their leader. Dugald LeMond and Saint Boniface is also leading, but still early, I'm gonna go back to mission accomplished, that's for for the Liberals mission accomplished NDP and the mission accomplished territory, pcs in the mission accomplished territory just got to get the Greens in there, though, but I would be shocked because sandy strong is leaning in woolsley. That's a battle between the greens and the NDP yeah, no I agree with you all right in the 2016 election, the NDP saw a humiliating defeat. They're really looking to make a comeback tonight with more on that here's Eric Sorensen, Eric yeah at least I mean you can see it on the big map. First of all, I mean the POC hami sack down in Dauphin I mean this was historically an NDP riding. It looked like it might be beginning to turn blueish, but for the moment this could be one of the stages of their comeback, same thing for Thompson, which now goes all the way up to Hudson, Bay and and in Keewatin, which now only goes as far north as the Nelson River. But this was liberal last time around this up here was conservative. That would be to take back for the NDP doing very well kind of retaking northern Manitoba, which is the way the maps looked for most of the last 50 years now, looking at southern Manitoba, this begins to show you where, in fact, the Conservatives are winning once again, if they're going to win government. Let's look at that one right down that is Morten Winkler. They you know they they fight with each other in sports in Morton and Winkler. But when it comes to politics, they're pretty much of one mind, let's look at what the how that race is going tonight and there's cam freezin cabinet, minister seventy-eight percent, it's pretty uniform that Morden and Winkler's appear to get along when it comes to politics, and then let's now have a look at Winnipeg itself. Now we're seeing some things that are interesting, for example in Oh. Oh there that's changing, though, because that's a that's the boroughs. Do we have that board for us just to see how that one's going? This is interesting, the NDP taking boroughs right now they would. That would be a take away from the from the Liberals, because Cindy Lamoreaux gave up on the borough's and then moved over across to fight in a writing next door. So I mean we'll just get a closer look at that in a moment. Folks, but first of all, let's just look again at the popular vote, because if that 33 to 16 is to hold up, we should see a clear lead for the Conservatives in the popular vote. And what are we seeing exactly that? In fact, it's still almost a two-to-one in the popular vote and that's a very big spread in Manitoba politics. It happened in 2016, but this should be a bounce-back year for the NDP. They may be getting it in seats, but I'm, not so sure, they're getting as much as they would have liked in the popular vote. But the majority meter the thing that gets us to the finish line, the Conservatives right now, they're, not there I mean in a funny sort of way they're across the finish line, but some of those writings we haven't called yet so they have to pull it back a little bit because we're not the twenty nine yet because it can't be called yet back to you Lisa. We are getting awfully close thanks for that. Eric Sorenson stay with us. This is decision. Manitoba 2019, you wait is over the bricks. Famous tents, alias back guilt, a 60% on clearance items in the tents midnight is built low-cost and new product arriving daily, plus many more incredible deals throughout the store, the flex pay message at sale. Saving you more. My dad started independent jeweler back in 1937 and I. Think he'd be very proud if he knew that his grandsons are now in charge of looking after this habitat building. I think you know in this area as an area where comfort is needed and I think homes provide them. This is a way where our staff and our our community interacts with this community in a little different way than normal. It's just nice to be able to be a part of that to us. It's not just a latte, it's 100 percent, ethically sourced Arabica beans, it's freshly ground, espresso and now until September 29, its $2 for any small MIT cafe latte, because we are MIT cafe and to us. Every cup counts its Leon's customer appreciation event. Our biggest sale of the year get amazing specials throughout the showroom like $700 off this 4k Smart TV. Now only $5.99 plus take up to four years to pay with 0% interest this weekend. Only have you not tried to beyond meat burger yet I. Have it all right here you go one for each of you right now, they're just 399. Oh, that's a great deal now: what's your Excuse I, don't have what now you don't have a battle is brewing between transformation and decay where one wrong move it keeps growing. We are not losing another container to that landfill. His brother never made it everything we're gonna the landfill. Their fate depends on you, recycle the right stuff, recycle everywhere. Welcome back. We have breaking news. Global News is projecting a Progressive Conservative government Brian Pallister a second term as your premier Manitoba, all six foot, eight inches of Brian Pallister. The key question here, though, is it: will it be a majority government we're not quite there yet David? Absolutely we're very confident, and the decision desk has said it's going to be a PC government for sure majority-minority still TBD, because the PCs are leading or elected in 34 seats, NDP, leading or elected in 18 seats, and so, in the view of our decision desk, there's still enough close races out there involving Progressive Conservatives. They might fall back from first to second, and so we're gonna wait a little bit to see if it's a majority minority, but definitely it's gonna- be premier Pallister tomorrow morning, all right sure to be a celebratory tone down at PC headquarters. Right now, let's go to Brittney Greenslade Brittany yeah Lisa, there's been a lot of excitement here tonight, a lot of people starting to make their way down here and after we call Brian Pallister getting that seat and now making government a lot of people very elated. We know that premier Brian Pallister is watching from a back room here at canons pull dough park. He is with his campaign manager. We are expecting him to come out here a little bit later, but for now he is holed up watching these election results with his family and hopefully we'll be hearing from him very soon. Lisa back to you all right Brittany. Thank you with that. We're gonna send it down to NDP party headquarters and Kevin Hirschfeld Kevin yeah. You, wouldn't you know what you wouldn't know it by being here, that the NDP has just lost the election, that the music is playing. People seem pretty ecstatic still, but again the news, the NDP not hoping for but they're gonna be watching for those number of seats. Now they come in right now with 12 coming into this election. Now they have 18. So how many more of those seats can they gain in the legislature? Of course, many of those ridings they lost in that 2016 Tory election they're hoping to get those back tonight so again, not the main result. The NDP wanted here tonight, but folks still encouraged we're hearing loud cheers. Every time an NDP candidate comes up on the screen, so they're hoping to get as many seats as they can tonight. Blob canoe is watching with his family at the Radisson they're, watching the results together and we're expecting to hear from him in a little while to see what he has to say, we'll send it back to you Lisa all right. Just a recap: we have declared a Progressive Conservative government right now. The PCs are leading or elected in 33 ridings to delve into these numbers, a little closer for you, Eric Sorenson, Heric, hey Lisa, we're just looking that map of Winnipeg and we're still trying to sort of say. So where is it? How is it that the Conservatives are winning another election here and where do you really see it in the northeast part of Winnipeg, where you have say Ross smear? You know these are areas that at one time I'm not talking about the you know River East, but in Ross Mir for example. When that turns conservative, you wonder: can the NDP come back there or the demographics changed, but in Radisson in Radisson? This would be an area again where the NDP would hope to come back the way they are in trans kkona, which is going Orange. But if we have the board for Radisson, we can take a look at that and just see how they're doing there. This is where the power of incumbency can help, because James Tito is, is your MLA from there and he has a reasonable lead at the moment. A hundred and two vote lead over ROG Sandhu, but these are some of the writings where the demographics are changing a bit and maybe a way in which the Conservatives can kind of shore up inside the city of Winnipeg. When you look outside the city of Winnipeg well, this is a very common familiar look to the map of Manitoba. By the way we should mention only a couple of ridings, not reporting. Yet one of them is Flin Flon up here, but we go down and look at southern Manitoba I think we can look, for example it just the types of writings they win and they win them over and over again right here, you have well. This is spruce woods for sure right up here, that's Agassiz! We have the board for Agassiz I, think we'll see. Elaine Clark is winning their cabinet minister for mister Pallister. If we have Agassiz- and we do so Eileen Clark there with a 1200 vote lead, she has been I. Think declared yes, she has declared elected no surprise there. These are the writings where that, when the Conservatives build that majority, if they're going to get to a majority, it is built on the foundation of varieties across the sort of southern and central in the Parkland in in southern and central Manitoba, back to you, Lisa Erickson said thanks so much well. No doubt our panel of political insiders is abuzz with more on that. Here's 680 SC, Jo, B's, Julie Buckingham, we're absolutely abuzz and I, don't think any big shock amongst the panelists, but Hal Anderson looks like you and I, and our CJ ob listeners will be talking about premier Pallister and his government for the next four years. Yes, congratulations! Mr. premier, the tough-love premier I think it's um I, think it's safe to say that for the most part premier Pallister said here's what I'm gonna do he did it and yes getting another chance to do another four years we played the tape where he says he will remain premier for the entire tour. He told our Richard cliche in fact that he's going to stick around for the full term. Can I just quickly say about health care? We've had a couple people Greg McClain was one Laura. Mcnabb said this I think that the people that were upset about health care, the changes that were being made were very vocal. The opponents were vocal, but anecdotally, I've been hearing lately from people that have actually been using the urgent care and using the ers and, and almost all of them have said. It's been a better experience. The WRA JS came in and said that the actual wait times are coming down. Now, whether or not that's political or not, yeah they're, they have said the three times are coming down. The truth is, is that you know all depends. You have to watch the source right when people that health care is being cut. We've never spent more money on health care. The wait times are up. The wait times are down. The truth of the matter is it was. It was an ugly quagmire and Brian Pallister and his Health Minister are making efforts to make it better couldn't get worse. Could it can't get worse? I lived in Alberta in 1993 when there was a problem with health care and Klein came in and decimated in health care yep. This was nothing like 1993 and health care. You know why would characterize. You know premier pallister's last term, as incremental steady as she goes, don't tip the canoe, but you know, and now I wondered that if you know, depending on the strength of this man of this mandate, I wonder if he's going to be emboldened to maybe move a little faster, a little bolder in the night and over again is why aren't we getting? What we're getting is Ford and why aren't we getting what we're getting with Kenny when we get Pallister, and maybe we should be thinking the lucky stars we haven't so far, and is that coming well, I, guess that you know I, guess it all depends on your perspective. Jason Kenny! Let's keep the the boat in the canoe next time around and we'll return it to the desk. All right. Thanks for that Julie. Why didn't we think of our that's a good one, all righty the Liberals, the leading or elected in three ridings right now, the PCs 33, the NDP leading, were elected in nineteen. So let's take a look at those ridings that the Liberals are leading and beginning with River Heights Jean Girard has a healthy lead with 48 percent of the votes. A 192 vote lead over his conservative challenger 7 out of 46 polls reporting in Saint Boniface. This is Dugald Lamont's riding. He is, of course, the incumbent there right now leading with 50% of the vote, and he, of course, he's the leader of the party and he just won that from where Greg Selinger used to be- and it looks like. Voters in st. Boniface are saying I like that Lamacq I'm sticking with him and you're into this one Richard cliche Tindall Park. This really talks about the power of Cindy lamoureux and the Lamoreaux name in that area. So far, it's a tight lead. 68 vote lead 46% over Ted Marcelino of the NDP, but it's one of those writings to watch, especially if the liberals want to get that party status. All right- and we want to touch on this- the Riding of Fort Rouge, we're NDP leader, Wahb canoe has been elected now. This riding was interesting because he was up against the Green Party leader, James Betim, who came in third right and the Green Party may decide it's time for a new leader. I mean a third-place finish, not a second-place finish. A third well we'll see how this could be adjusted worse. Only ten out of fifty one pulls in, but betim was a bit of a reluctant leader and he may go maybe soon yeah and he has and I think he's got more ambitions towards federal politics. Well, guess what we've got a federal election, you might even a Richard coming up tomorrow. We do but Wahb canoe, the leader winning big time in his own writing, yeah and listen. Gary dewer I want to take a little history. I know I'm, not from the promise but I've read up in my history. Gary Doer in 1990 took over the NDP with 12 seats and in that election, his first he won twenty now Wahb canoe was no Gary dewer, but look at the bottom. They started the night with 12 seats. Canoes got him up to 20 seats and that would be there doing cartwheels if they finished the night at 20,000 and they're, not electing one either literally elected I'm. Just saying that this is going. This is going according I think to the NDP master plan here. Alright, the Liberals looking for four seats tonight, let's check in with our reporter Joe Scarpelli he's live down at liberal headquarters. Tonight: hey Joe, hey Lisa, I have 680 CJ ob host Jeff courier standing beside me and Jeff. The Liberals are flirting with official party status territory. Do you think they can hang on? Well, it looks like a tough fight right now, Jo and they're going to lose key wait, nook, which is a seat. They will now lose to the NDP. That's going to go back to the NDP River Heights here in Saint Boniface, it looks like the leader Dugald Lamont is going to retain his seat. Tyndale Park right now, they're in the lead, and that looks as though that there's Richard couch a spoke about Cindy lamb who's got a strong ground game. There she's got brand recognition a big liberal machine behind her, but they're gonna have to pick up a seat somewhere else in order just to retain that official party status okay and for anybody at home who doesn't know what official party status means. Can you explain why that's so significant? Well, in a fifty seven seat legislature, you need a minimum of four seats to be official party and what that means there's a whole lot of additional funding office space. It gives you a lot more leeway. It gives you more time in the legislature to press the government. Okay, you can forward your agenda a lot more and outside of that. The unofficial part of that is it. It makes it a lot more challenging to do a private fundraising to get people behind you if you're still not an official party, and they became an official party a year ago when Lamont won this seat in a by-election, a traditional NDP riding, and it looks like he's gonna, hang on to that, but they've got to find some way to pick up a seat somewhere else in order to retain those. Four alright, well should be an interesting rest of the night that 680 C gob host Jeff Courier, and we saw all send things back to you all right, Joe, Scarpelli and Jeff thanks. So much for that Eric Sorensen is gonna. Take a closer look at some of the close races happening in our province tonight, Eric yeah Lisa. There are some close ones and that's why those numbers at the bottom of the screen are not final numbers at 33 for the PCs NDP 20. Liberals, three, not final! That does add up to 56, which means we are still waiting for one to come in and guess which one it is Flin Flon. It is not unusual for them to be slow to report; they also have a low turnout generally speaking, but that could put potentially be another number in the column for the NDP. Let's go down into Winnipeg now and look and see some of these other very close races that are happening right down here at Fort Garry. We can bring that up for a second in Fort Garry. This is one of those writings that is generally becoming a kind of swing riding, so both the NDP and the Conservatives would like to take this riding. If we have the board for it, you'll see that it's a tough fight right now mark whassa lou has a narrow, lead. 105 votes over Nancy cooked both mark and Nancy are well known in the community. So this is a real struggle between the two - to win that riding for their parties and the Liberals. We were talking about the Liberals before Tyndale Park for the moment that would be Cindy glamour who moved over from burrows, possibly winning their River Heights, no surprise for the Liberals st. Boniface. That would be three for the Liberals. They want to get to four: is there anywhere they can get there? Nobody would expect it, but this riding now on the outskirts which it goes up to Headingley. Now this is a not Macomb. This is Roblin. Let's have a look at Roblin. If we have it or is it is it Roblin is the one we want to look at I think so, if we have, it, court might be McPhillips there it comes. It is Roblin. Myrna dredger she's been around a very long time, I think she's, seeking about her sixth term right now, and there was a point there where she had a very narrow lead. It is not so close at this point all right, 33 222 three for the Liberals, the the thing that is interesting about, as we say, we're looking for ridings. Where are the Liberals in a position to get that? Fourth, one. Will we be back with that with that idea in a few moments back to you, Lisa Eric, thanks for that we want to make a mention. The only riding not reporting right now is Flin Flon. They have just started counting there, so we're gonna be waiting on that for a little bit well right now, if anyone has a reason to smile, tinnitus, the NDP they're leading and elected in 19 or elected rather in 19 ridings. That means some gains for them. Kevin Hirschfeld is down at NDP headquarters. Tonight, hey Kevin yeah, of course we're calling a PC governments, but some happy faces around here at the NDP they're, not only regaining those seats that they've held for a long time, but they're picking up some of those seats that they lost in the last election joined now by be brusque who's. The campaign co-chair also an MLA in the Fort Whyte region. You lost your leader, Brian Pallister, but, as you see, these results come in what are the thoughts you're, currently eight seats higher than you were coming into the night up to 20. Now? What are the thoughts when you see those results? Come in we're very happy and enthusiastic about the results coming in. We see that the trend is additional support for the NDP, which is great, which is what we've been hearing on the doorstep. Where we've been working very hard to rebuild over the last number of years- and certainly the selection is a full year before we thought it would take place so we're very enthusiastic and just looking back at how you ran the campaign. Are there any regrets or things that you wished? You would have done heading into this campaign. I wish we would have had more time outside of that I'm really impressed by how the candidates got their act together. Very quickly got their volunteer-based together very quickly platform was developed very quickly and how everybody came together with very few resources as compared to our competitor, of course, and so I'm, actually very, very positive about how this campaign has run and I feel that we're in a really good place to maintain and to maintain the accountability and the you know, certainly the counterpoint to what government has been wanting to do over the last number of years. Yes, certainly we hear the positive chatter going on behind just just one one last one for you, be you kind of touched on it there. What's the future hold for the NDP party? What do you see the future? Like the legislature representing us? They are bringing a dynamic new voice and that's going to be an addition to the existing MLAs that have been working really really hard in the last three years. I think we have a great future. All right, be brusque campaign co-chair of the NDP who's, making some gains tonight here in Manitoba back to you Lisa all right. They seem happy with both that you have some insight info from our pollster friend. Yes, we're a friend, Curtis Brown of probe research, he's deep in the decision desk in the back rooms here, crunching numbers and he just tweeted out. If you want to fall along that, he is noticing that liberal support is pretty strong in the southeast and southwest of the city of Winnipeg, and that is making things a little tricky for some PC and for some Democrats and we've talked about how Democrats have to push down in the south. That's where they have to go when they want to win government so innocent. Here, liberal support is higher than we might have expected together and I have to say one of the last articles I read yesterday was about that area and the power of the suburban mom type, that's where they are well, that's part of it and I think also the power of Justin Trudeau and the the federal Liberals as well and in one of those writings in the south and the power of the local candidates as well. That is huge for the Liberals they've got some quality candidates and, of course, federally. Those are liberal, ridings federally in that part of the city as well. All right thanks for that guys. Let's take a look at some of the close races right now. Actually so the big picture leading an elected board. First right now, the Progressive Conservatives are leading or elected in 35 ridings, the NDP 18, the Liberals. Eight. Let's break down these numbers all right in Riau, your pc incumbent, Rochelle Squires, leading with 40% of the vote. No, she is tied right now. This is tight. It's a to vote, LeAnn, Michelle squash and for Rochelle Squires, who has aspirations for leadership of this party. This is one of those close ridings. It's historically always close and Squires who's a cabinet minister in for a very tight race, all right now, the writing of a Cinna boya Scott Johnson, the PC income, it with 44% of the vote, joel mchale up from the NDP 35%, one of those swing. Ridings again, that's gone between the NDP and the PCs. Historically in Port Richmond, the PC incumbent Sarah gue, marred with 36% of the vote over the Liberals tangi negra, a Liberal candidate in second place there, former president of the University of Manitoba student unions, she's been working. This riding hard all right and let's take a look at the writing of Roblin no surprise here, murdered Rieger re-elected with 51% of the vote. Huge lead there with 20 of 46 polls, reporting in the Roblin constituency and we're at the point now Roblin a lot of polls we're seeing where half of the polls were in. So we argue to the point where a lot more elected in our leading and elected count. Once again, let look at the bottom of your screen, if you're watching on to eat for those that listening on, see, gob, pcs, leading or elected in 35 seats, NDP, leading or elected in nineteen seats, liberals leading or elected in three greens have yet to lead or very early I, think was there leading in any event there 0 now it have been for at least an hour all right there really and it's going to be tight right down to the road. All right. We have some breaking news here. It is Global. News is projecting a progressive conservative majority government. We did project that Progressive Conservative government earlier this evening, but we are confirming now. It is another solid majority for the Progressive Conservative. It's not historic territory, reduced from last time around of 40 seats, but 35 David for a majority government in Manitoba, that's a big majority government. It could still be 33, it could still be 34. We've declared it's going to be a majority more than 29, so congratulations bring your palace from the PCs mission accomplished, I'm, going to keep coming back to that check mark for the PCs. It wasn't the big win of 2016, but it's a big win nonetheless, and Brian Patterson sees can take that as an endorsement of their program, particularly on health care reform and so far the NDP are doing well enough. That Wahb canoe can keep his job the key question tonight, the Liberals. Will they get that party status? They need those four seats and so far the greens aren't there yet, but I expect woolsley to go a little ways. Alright, you did say that mission has been accomplished for the Progressive Conservatives. Let's go to Britney Greenslade live down at their headquarters. Right now: hey Britney, hi Lisa. We heard big cheers, as you guys called that PC majority government now the biggest question that we're gonna have right. Now is what happens next. We know premier Brian Pallister is watching from Canada Anne's Polo Park. Here, with his campaign manager, we saw some big names re-elected. You can see. There's lots people here behind us, as people are starting to stream in here. We've also seen a number of MLAs making their way in here tonight. What is clear right now is that people agreed with the decisions Pallister was making and we're gonna be talking with six ADC Joby's Greg Macklin in just a little bit we'll throw it back to you Lisa all right, Brittany Greenslade, thanks for that, let's go to Kevin Hirschfeld he's at NDP headquarters this hour, hey Kevin, hey Lisa, big cheers behind us right now. They just announced walkin new house been reelected in Fort Rouge, but another PC majority government, yet I think the vibe here is a little bit different than it was in 2016. We talked to be for us. The campaign co-chair earlier she's encouraged she's happy with all the hard work. They've done and they've made some gains here, especially considering the time they had. Of course, this election is a called a little bit earlier than they thought so there's a lot of encouragement tonight, they're not only retaining those seats that they've held for many years now, but they're getting some of those seats back that they lost in 2016. So again, there's a majority who again will go down in another election and again Wahb canoe is at the Radisson Hotel watching with his family were expected to hear from him shortly. Wasn't it back to you Allison all right, Kevin, thanks for that, and while Global News has projected that Progressive Conservative majority government, there are still a lot of numbers still left to watch tonight with more we're, gonna send it down to Eric Sorenson, hey Eric, hey Lisa, so we now have 57 ridings reporting as well the last one Flin Flon and there it is up in the northwest and it is turning NDP and there is no surprise there. Now, let's go down into southern Manitoba and give you a sense then of what has brought this government about for the Conservatives once more. This is a this is more than we clear. We talked about them. This is a borderland is right on the US border and then that one up there they'll recognize it if they're watching this Steinbach. Let's have a look at that because, since Steinbach, if you think Morten Winkler tends to go, conservative well, Steinbach does too Kevin kurtsyn is the Education Minister getting 81 percent of the vote? Robert Jessup for the NDP, only 8 percent I mean nobody's even up to 10 percent from the other parties. It gives you a sense of how strong the conservative, the conservators, showing is in rural southern Manitoba, now the gains and losses we want to look at that because when you look at that 36 to 18, there's borderland, we want to talk about that as well. For a second Josh Gunter is leading big time down there, as you might expect by 2300 votes with most of the polls now showing now with the gains and loss. This is an interesting statistic, because if you just looked at this, you would say Wow good night for the NDP and it probably it really is because they have picked up six seats as David's been talking about all night if they could pick up and get back to where you might expect them to be after a downturn, election to pick up a few seats and show they're coming back holding off the greens holding off the Liberals, they seem to be doing that the PCs are, for the moment, they're only down two seats, that's actually a good night for the for the Progressive Conservatives, given that they started with 38 and an almost historic showing in 2016, so losing only two seats and they're not minding that's, who too badly back to you. Lisa thanks Eric Sorensen, now we're gonna, take it down to 680, CJ Obi's Julie Buckingham, to see what our panel has to say about the projected PC majority: hey Julie, thanks Lisa returning to our panel Hal Anderson of CJ Obi, Shannon, Sanford political scientist and also Jenny McCulloch, who ran as a municipal election and we're looking at some of those numbers now and Jenny. Do you think that the the numbers that we're seeing for the NDP is really an endorsement of Wahb canoe or the NDP brand I have a very hard time, believing that there's any endorsement of Wahb canoe? But that's my personal feeling. You know I honestly believe that Brian Pallister has done a good job of moving the province in the right direction. Anything that the voters of Manitoba want to keep going in that direction, and they are looking for people to actually bring a little transformation to the way that we govern and the way that we manage our province and the NDP's entire campaign theme seem to be. We want to go back to the way it was and yet Shannon it resonated with people clearly as well as they're picking up I, think Jenny's being a little too hard on Rob canoe. You know when it comes down to it. I know I know, but when it comes down to it he was pretty charismatic. He did tell the stories that he needed to tell he won the leaders debate on television hands down. He did he did do what he needed to do for the young voters and he did do what he needed to do for the Winnipeg voters. Any resident young voters like him they'd like him. They just find him very charismatic and for some reason, they'd like him. What canoe is very curious if compared to our six foot, eight premier that people find scary, you know I can see why people would choose him. He does come on yet interesting that people didn't choose him right. The people chose Brian Pallister. Some people did, but there was no change in the air this time around right. Last time it was like we're. Gonna run these buns on it. You know I am this time. It was time you have to understand. I, don't think anybody showed up to vote this time. It'll be interesting to talk about the voter turnout and your predictions. Hal Anderson. We wrote them up on the board at CJ, Obie yeah I wrote down a very sad number in my estimation, which is 48 percent, so we'll see we'll see where it it. We will see where it ends up, but let's face it, I mean yes, the NDP number is is getting bigger, but why is it getting bigger? The Tories tonight have still won a real nice majority. It was, you know, record numbers last time, it's not surprising that that number would come down a little bit. It's. It will talk about the tournament next time around are, as they say in the sports world. A w as a W is a W. It's not a squeaker. No, no we're talking about it as if, as if the PC party Manitoba lost tonight, well, they were re-elected with it with a strong majority and a strong mandate to move Manitoba forward as air signs say and we'll move forward back to the deck. Thanks for that Julie. There are still some very interesting races in play tonight, so we want to keep you with us. We eagerly await the leaders speeches when we return stay with us. This is decision. Manitoba 2019, you hey Canada, did you know the brick carries all the best so for brands, Cindy Crawford, home Chateau, Dax, Abbyson, Scott, Living and the incredibly customizable designed to be. We sell more sofas than anyone in Canada the brick saving more. It doesn't take much to enjoy a romantic evening, a little creativity and a restaurant, a pizza wherever you are Ristorante real Italian restaurant taste by doctor utter my dad started. Independent jewelers back in 1937 and I think he'd be very proud if he knew that his grandsons are now in charge of looking after this habitat building. I think you know in this area as an area where comfort is needed and I think homes provide them. This is a way where our staff and our our community interacts with this community in a little different way than normal. It's just nice to be able to be a part of that. Ridgewood West's invites you to come home to Charles wood. This is a new development with a variety of contemporary housing options in one of Winnipeg's, most treasured neighborhoods. Now you can live in, establish Charles wood and have a new home with a modern and spacious floor plan. All of the latest design features and finishes, plus energy-efficient upgrades, Ridgewood West at home with nature show homes are open, year-round, learn more at Ridgewood, West, calm, its Leon's customer appreciation event. Our biggest sale of the year get amazing specials throughout the showroom like 65% off the Sealy Queen mattress. Now only $5.99 plus win free furniture in every store, and so much more this weekend only welcome back I'm Lisa Dutton joined by six atcg Obie's, richard clukey and chief political correspondent, David akin for global news and David. You wanted to touch on voter turnout. Well, yes, just cuz! The panel was talking about their guesses on voter turnout. Well, we do have some numbers. We get the statisticians crunching numbers and right now it looks low. The projected turnout at this point in the evening around 46% and again in the 2016 election was 154 56, 56 %, so there's quite a bit off 2016, which was, as Hal just said, a throw the bums out kind of election, this one's sort of a state of course election 45% that turnouts not good Manitoba, and what still got you hooked tonight, Richard. Well, there are a few very interesting races and, as you look at Eric's big map, you see the NDP retaining and getting back some of those seats that they had lost in 2016. So this is more of a typical type of Manitoba result. Yet still the PC with a whopping majority, only down two seats, but there are a couple of really tight races in the southeastern part of Winnipeg Rochelle Squires in a real tight race in her seat. This is the future of the Progressive Conservative Party Squires is has leadership aspirations now Brian Pallister were jumping ahead, but this pallister's stick around for his entire four years. He said he would to me. Nobody believes that. Well, you just mentioned we're going to hear the leaders. Speeches are gonna be coming up soon, we'll probably hear from I would expect Dougal Ahmad first, maybe James Bentham I'm, not sure but Lamont. First then canoe, then Pallister at the end and I think a lot of people will be looking at that speech from Pallister trying to read between the lines is he staying? Is he going and and who might who's positioned close to the leader trying to get into that shot in case there's a future leadership campaign all right, we're gonna, take it down to Eric Sorenson, now he's focusing in on the Liberal Party and and their focus Eric. Well, that's right. I mean first, let's look at the big map here, because you know the Liberals are sitting with only three they'd like to be at four, if not more than that double riding day. One last time was key. Wait nook with Cindy clasp and though the liberal that was that wanted in 2016 she's running federally this time next octo and now the liberal of the NDP, is taking it back and they're, taking it back quite quite handily. Now, I just want to pick up on what the mister Cloutier was talking about, which is how this map looks not untypical. So I've gone low-tech here, just to show you a little bit of what the maps look like. So this is 1990 map, and this is 1995 and 1999 see how those look see how they look. That looks pretty similar to what we're seeing right here, which is northern Manitoba turning New Democrat southern Manitoba, mostly conservative. Now, to give you a better sense of the faint hope that we are being that the Liberals and the Greens are facing right now we'll go into Winnipeg, and you can see liberals with the three seats that they have that's Tindall, Park, River, Heights and then over in st. Boniface. Where are they going to get a fourth? Interestingly, now, if you come down here, there's Waverly and then right next to it is Fort. Richmond, let's look at the board for Fort Richmond and see if there is some hope here for the Liberals Sarah will McGill Mart has 38 percent, but tangi tonigh drah for the Liberals is only a hundred and twenty-eight votes of votes behind for the Liberals. This would be perhaps their best shot at getting to four, but they've got to keep bringing some votes in there, but this is. This is a riding where I don't think anybody expected to see the liberal challenging the conservative. Now we were talking about the the Green Party talk about faint hope. Everybody was focused on woolsley. That was the riding that that everyone had expected could be the one that for the first time, would paint something green right. Now it is DP Orange and if we look at the board we'll see why? Because Dave knickers is sitting 20 points back of Lisa, Naylor I think the NDP poured a lot of effort into this. They didn't want to give this up and David is actually doing less well than he did last time. So just to look at the popular vote again and I. Think what's interesting about this is how similar these numbers are to what they were in 2016. The PCs were a little over 50% a bit higher than this, but that's what they were in 2016 the NDP they're about four points up, but the breakthrough. Where was the breakthrough that the liberal that the Liberals and the NDP Green were looking for the Liberals finished in 2016 just over 14% there? They are same thing again: the Greens were around 5% they're. Now, at a five point, eight percent I mean they were hoping to do much better. There are many that we're looking in from I think greens across the country we're thinking this is our chance. We've been breaking through in Ontario in New Brunswick in British, Columbia Manitoba is next needed, it'll be right in Winnipeg and we're not seeing that tonight anywhere in Manitoba Lisa, all right, Eric Sorensen, thanks for that are things unfolding as you expected for the Liberal Party. They are in many many respects, I'll be very interesting for Richmond and whether or not the former president of the University of Manitoba Student Union is able to pick up there but yeah. They are unfolding because of strong local candidates. Lisa all right, we're gonna, take it down to Joe. Scarpelli he's live at Liberal Party headquarters this hour with John Gerard, the communications director for that party: hey Joe, hey Lisa, so, yes, I have Jean Girard standing next to me right now, John you entered the room to a lot of cheers. What was it feeling like? I want to thank the people in River Heights and it's just great to be reelected. It's a phenomenal to be a member of the legislature of Assembly of Manitoba and to be able to continue to make a contribution we're going on 20 years right, yep. This is 20 years, and this will be the sixth election that I've won. So I'm really thankful to the voters in River. Heights I want to thank my wife. Who's just been incredible. The last several months and I want to thank David, Mintz and I had an amazing team of people who just worked so hard and they made all the difference. This is, quite you know, quite a run for you. What's keeping you going, there's still a lot to do in Manitoba and a lot of need here in the province and I love, helping people with individual problems, as well as making a contribution which I think I can do in the Liberal Party and with do little amounts leadership. We've got a team and it's a lot of fun having a team and we're working hard and we're gonna continue to work hard. How about some of the the younger candidates, some of the newer candidates, liberal candidates, trying to you know, get to a position in one day. Have a one like yourself: what advice would you have for them? We had a lot of amazing candidates and a lot of the results are not final. Yet until we get the advance poll numbers, but a lot of advance- bold, you won't know for sure, and quite a number of these races. But it's exciting to see so many really really qualified highly qualified candidates, young people involved in the Liberal Party. It's a we've got an exciting future, no matter what happens the rest of the night all right! Well, thank you for your time. I know. There's a lot of people here that wanna speak to you. Lisa I will send things back to you all right. Congratulations to John Gerard reelected in River Heights talk about storylines to watch tonight, ministers in trouble. Let's begin with st. Vittal Colleen Mayer, your PC incumbent she's losing right now: - Jamie Moses by a substantial percentage 48% for Jamie Moses of the NDP Colleen there with 32 percent of the vote race. The Crown Services Minister Brian Pallister appointed her to give her more profile. Jamie Moses has been working the doors with the former MLA Nancy Allen of the NDP she's been working that riding with Jamie Moses. So far, it's paying dividends to Moses and rial, where Rochelle Squires, the PC incumbent is sitting with 42% of the vote. Mike moist from the NDP on her tail with 39%. Since we last checked in Rochelle Squires last, we looked had a to vote. Lead she's now got a hundred, and thirteen vote leads a long way to go. Only 18 of 46 polls are reporting, so there's a lot that can go back and forth here, but she does represent the future of the party. She is again a front bench Minister and it's all part of those swing ridings in the southeast part of our city. The future for her she's got to worry about the next two hours in the future, and then we get to the months ahead. Well, we're enjoying the commentary from our panel tonight and see gob host Julie, Buckingham Julie will start this time around with Jenny McCulloch, and we were speaking as we saw. Some of the results come in about the Liberal, Party and and I feel that they certainly have more leadership than they did this last time last election in 2016 with Rana Bakari, but you think Dugald Lamont made some tactical errors. He was more of a strategic error in the way that they presented themselves. That reminded me of Justin Trudeau in 2015 in 2015. Justin Trudeau moved that party as far left as he possibly could. He became in a horse race with the NDP federally to get really differentiate themselves from the from the Tories federally, and here what I see that Dougal Vermont did the same thing with the policies that he that he put forward we're really moving to the left of the spectrum and, in my opinion, that presents him more as an alternative to the NDP. So now you've got people with. You know, voting tendencies on the Left trying to decide what I vote liberal or will I vote NDP. He could have done the opposite and if he had moved their platform over to the right right and presented himself as a knoll and and dismissed the NDP yeah and presented himself as the alternative debris I've seen a different, that's very interesting I, don't know actually I think I think that's actually a good point. I think what he needed to do is become more centrist. He did come up with some good policy ideas. He came up with some bonehead ideas. At the same time, like what and well the problem that I had was this idea of having a provincial police for it doesn't work, there's also some ideas of the one thing that he did have going for him, though he had some really strong candidates this time around and for their first time we did not see them, have a total complete blow up halfway through the campaign with people getting fired and walking off the job, so they did a good would jump had a great campaign in that regard, right there were no big gaps, no big missteps, and that's why I'm saying I think was more of a strategic error than anything else. Thank you. Very much can I just say that we, you know we have these results boards. We should have built a Shannon Sanford results board so that we could see all of Shannon's former students that are running for office tonight. How many I have six and how many have one none you're, not very good. Okay, let's find a great professor, maybe just not good how many of my students are actually working behind the scenes. Most of them are and they're doing, a great job did they represent those aggressive, conservative and NDP and liberal all right, no question. If you want to learn about politics, work an election right, that's it they're having too much fun down. We gotta bring up our game here on the fun meter, all right all right decision, Manitoba 2019 continues, but first, let's take a quick look at our leading and elected board and again all the elected now filling in so the PCs leading an eighth elected in twenty eight out for a total of thirty six. So they could. That is gonna, be Richard, as you said, a very solid majority NDP, leading in seven elected in eleven liberals leading in one elected in two for a total of three greens. It's not a very nice night for the Greens. The popular vote is down and even in woolsley, where we thought they'd do well mm I'm still having some trouble there. So right now, as we've said, PC majority government NDP is the official opposition and a healthy one liberals hoping for one more to get official party status. We did talk about it earlier in the night when we projected that PC majority government, the future of Brian Pallister your interview with him Richard, where he said he was gonna, stay the course and serve that full term. Do we believe him well, I, don't believe him in the end, simply because I think when you ask that question of a leader they have to say during an election campaign, it's their intention to stay the full term, but with this type of result, 36 seats and all the controversy over health care changes. Why not stay once your premier? Why not stay as premier? Yes, that I understand he's got this place in Costa Rica. We don't want to spend some more time adding you can't spend as much time as you can when you're premier, but- and he is 65 years old and people do start to think about the retirement, usually once they hit that particular age. So he's gonna get a set for sure. If he's not probably gonna speak to reporters tonight, I'm sure he will tomorrow- and it's probably gonna- be one of the first things that you or the reporters going to. Well, a lot of people give him 18 months, but you never know once your premier once you're in power, you like the trappings of power, Lisa all right. Let's check in with Kevin Hirschfeld and 680 CJ, o B's Lauren McNabb they're down at NDP party headquarters. Tonight, hey Kevin, hey Lauren, yeah I, loose it down here at the mats of the Wren. You know think back to 2016 you covered that election I mean what's the vibe like cheer compared to three years ago, even though it's another PC majority government to me, I was just thinking that so bizarre there's cheers going off all around us. Someone was just holding their baby up in the air just now for a kiss from who knows who that the point is they're celebrating here tonight we talked about that early in the show, but getting that power back getting that swagger back and you're, seeing it and you're feeling it here tonight with the cheers that keep going on this isn't a show for them. They're, not pretending that they're happy they're happy. There was a time just weeks ago, they're worried we might not get past four to twelve. We may not get to 14, and here they are inching in around 18 19 territory and so I think. The mood here is not only vastly different, but it goes to show you the ground that I think that they can cover in the months and years ahead. They talked about how encouraged they were with the results, considering the short period of time they had to campaign. This thing was moved up a year earlier. What do you think they did so well, that's allowing them to get at least a little bit of a game here. You know this: is a union party they've got a bit of those votes back we're watching things in trance, Kona, we're watching things in the inner city with boroughs, and then Tindall Park as they've gone back and forth. But what that shows there in those tight races, I think is that they were able to get back some of their supporters safe, a towel. You know a NDP law strong support there, and so that's a big deal, they're challenged still and perhaps where they could have done better was over the past month. They actually had to fight with their own two party supporters, because there was a union issue going on all the unions were bad battling to get votes for the union vote that palster had made them all. Little from you knows, hundreds of health care unions to just store, so these guys have been pounding the pavement for months now on the union vote that took place. You have to wonder how many more people they could have got out to push that vote celebrations every time. The end. Now it's one of those key feet just quickly before I. Let you go around Wahb canoe as the leader you know. Maybe there were some questions going into this. Could the NDP make these gains, or would they fall even further? What does the future? This party look like now with wot canoe as the leader and some games to go off up here tonight? This is a refree for him. That would be my what I'd be saying. I'd, say, he'd, be relieved tonight on a personal level for the future of himself, but not just for his party this this. As far as what I'm hearing from people here tonight is a mandate to go forward with him. It doesn't put to rest the questions about him. It doesn't put the rest of questions, other people might have about him and whether he's the future for years beyond remains to be seen, but this gives them a strong, clear mandate to move forward for this term for sure all right, Lorraine McNab from 680 CG Obie's at the start, and still some ridings up for grabs, so those NDP games could get even higher tonight, Lisa all right, Kevin Hirsch rail to Ren McNabb. Thanks for that decision, Manitoba 2019 continues, as we await results on some of the close races still in play and speeches from Brian, Pallister and Wahb canoe. Don't go away. You over the breaks, past tense, alias back guilt, a 60% on clearance items in intense midnight is built low-cost and new product arriving daily, plus many more incredible deals throughout the store, the Briggs famous cat sale. Saving you more to us. It's not just coffee or latte. It's a moment of calm an icebreaker see to us it's more. It's 100%, ethically sourced Arabica beans, it's freshly ground espresso with fresh milk, steamed and frost, and every sip is as rich and smooth as the last and now until September 29th, its $1 for any seismic cafe. Premium rose coffee and $2 for any small latte because to us every cup counts. My dad started, independent jeweler back in 1937 and I. Think he'd be very proud if he knew that his grandsons are now in charge of looking after this habitat building. I think you know in this area as an area where comfort is needed and I think homes provide them. This is the way where our staff and our our community interacts with this community in a little different way than normal. It's just nice to be able to be a part of that. You just can't get him to slow down. This glass will help with that. We get it. You got it or Petsmart. Have you not tried to be on meat burger? Yet I? Have it all right here you got one for each of you right now, they're just 399! Oh that's a great deal now. What's your Excuse I, don't have a miss 10 sales get up to 60% on clearance items in the tents Plus give this modern sofa just 399 for this family size, glass, shelf, fridge. Now only $4.99 the breaks Phaedra's event sale say to do more. Welcome back, I'm lisa dutton joined by six atcg obese, richard clutch, a and chief political correspondent for global news. David akin David just said: let's get speech in let's get speeches and we expect to hear from people soon we're wet. You know the order is gonna, be the guy who finishes third than the guy in a second then the first place winner, whop canoe, we're waiting for him to speak, hear what he's got to say, I think he's going to be very secure in his leadership and after that we'll hear from Brian Pallister. Who will tell us essentially give us a. We think it not a throne speech, but a very rough draft of what now Manitoba's can expect for the next couple of years. All right. In the meantime, let's throw it down to Eric Sorensen, with a look at how the manitoba ledge yeah Lisa, we're gonna, actually show you a layout of the ledge before and after in just a moment too, to make the point. But but you have to ask yourself like what is the real picture tonight when it is 36 to 18, because the PCs have twice as many seats as the New Democrats after what everyone is saying is a good night for the New Democrats. So where do they pick up from there? Because they've got a lot of ground to make up here? If they're going to lose Swan, River and they're going to lose dolphin, for example, if we go down into southern Manitoba- and you can see, of course, they're going to win in these writings use- you would expect for the for the Conservatives. But if you get past that and look at the writings all around Winnipeg, you can see kind of a vice-like grip taking place here. I mean these are some of the places up and sell kirk and red river north and the new riding of springfield reshot. These are places where perhaps our Dawson Trail, in fact the places where the NDP has won. These are areas that the NDP is won in the past, but this whole city is encircled by the Conservatives and if you look at Winnipeg, you get kind of the same picture. You're used to the NDP kind of controlling the the center of the city and the north and towards the east. But you have this encircling that's happening with the new wider boundary, all the way out to Roblin and the new northern boundary with McPhillips and all the way around the south. Now you can see the Conservatives kind of taking charge and over there on the east, I mean that Radisson one that has to hurt a little bit for New Democrats, who were very used to having trans Kona and Elmwood and and all of the writings over there being being New Democrat orange. So this is the way when you say: oh well, it's a pretty good night for the NDP. Let's look at the well, for example, there's South Dale. We want to look at South Dale and this one it would in a sense, be up for grabs because there was no incumbent there and audre Gordon is narrowly ahead, but it's a hundred and sixty eight votes. Now we want to come out and show you, then what this all means, for example, here is our our legislature, and this is what it looked like at disillusion and we had this massive win by the Conservatives and they still had 38 of those seats held when when we're at disillusion, after winning 40 in 2016- and you can see they had so many spilling over onto the far side of the of the legislature. Well, let's look ahead now to where we stand tonight. If everything stands as it looks right now, and it's not very different, you have the Conservatives on the government benches kind of in charge. You have some a few more conservatives to spare the NDP is a bigger force over there, but they still have a long way to go. The three independents that existed they're gone, but the Liberals have gone from four to three: it's not exactly what they were looking at when they look down at this as well, so I think one of the things that kind of comes out about this is our. Is there any kind of realignment happening, I'm saying some of your experts? We want to look at that to say our Conservatives beginning to win in ridings, where it'll be very hard for the NDP to win back because again, as we say, 36 to 18, that is not a close race at the end of the night Lisa thanks for that, Eric Simonson and Richard couch a thoughts on that well and just to pick up on Eric's point here. Is this a realignment well generally Manitobans give their governments two terms we're pretty kind that way, but what we might be seeing in the northeast part of the city of Winnipeg is this realignment to issues here? First of all, health care was a big issue of Concordia in Sevenoaks hospitals. Those writings haven't really turned as much as we anticipated if health care was going to be the big issue. The second thing is suburban development. You drive trans Coney, you drive these areas, you've seen more and more houses. More affluence has gone into that. Neighborhood gone are the days that this was just strictly Union based type of constituencies. These are more suburban constituencies. Now that would suggest that they're there for the Progressive Conservatives to pick up all right, we're gonna go to Brittany Greenslade she's live at PC Party headquarters tonight, Brittany we're eagerly awaiting that speech from Brian Pallister any word yeah. We are waiting. We hear it could be at any time now earlier tonight they were saying around 10 o'clock, but we are still waiting for an exact timeline, but I want to bring in 680 C GOP host Greg Macklin. Now now Greg we've talked about health care reform and we saw some big-name ministers and MLAs reelected. So what does that mean? What did Manitoban think well by any measure? This is a resounding victory for the PCs. Let's be honest over 50 percent of the popular vote, no ministers, no major members of the caucus unseated if the Blue Bombers 136 to 18 we'd be pretty happy if you're, a blue bond or a fan well, I think the PCs are pretty happy with this result. It's a clear mandate: we've talked about health care, but I think we're gonna hear more about education as we move into this next phase of this now to term government, one of the big interesting takeaways that we saw was Josh Ginter, 25 years old, picking up a seat in border last day. The youngest elected in this election we're seeing other young people running other people now elected and to go with the sports analogy. You need young blood in your party in any organization, new ideas in order to keep things vibrant to engage with the electorate in order to get other candidates potentially involved as well. It's critical and, from my point of view, it's a wonderful thing to see. He said he wants to bring more affordability to Manitobans. With that one of the issues you heard about during this election. Listen taxation has been an issue in Manitoba, since I was old enough to think about and comprehend the idea of Elections. It's always been a back and forth issue. It's a huge deciding factor for a lot of people on how they vote tax-and-spend, NDP versus more traditionally fiscally conservative PCs. Well, we know which way Manitobans are leading right now. This could also be good for the Blue Bombers I want to put that in real, quick 1990. The PCs got a decided majority in an election in 1990 the last year. The Blue Bombers won the Grey Cup Lisa. With that, we will throw it back to you at the desk. Thank you. Well, that's interesting. All right go Bombers! Go please, please! When the Great Cup all right, we take you to break with a live shot of NDP headquarters, as we await leader, wampa news speech. Stay with us. This is decision Manitoba you, my dad started, independent jeweler back in 1937 and I. Think he'd be very proud if he knew that his grandsons are now in charge of looking after this habitat building. I think you know in this area as an area where comfort is needed and I think homes provide them. This is a way where our staff and our our community interacts with this community in a little different way than normal. It's just nice to be able to be a part of that with so many important voices in your life. It's far more rewarding to deal with hearing loss that a pretend it isn't happening call today and book. Your free, no obligation here in consultation, help is on the horizon. Verizon Hearing, Centers Luke is going to space one day. It's all. He ever talks about it's more than a dream. It's his future and today today is a good day, but today would be the last day of his life. Luke is one of the 100 Manitobans to die on our roads this year, but we can do something about it. His life matters, it's the first bangers tan sale gets 60 percent of his spring law, pocket oil set fifty-five percent of this Sealy Posturepedic set or the Sealy Posturepedic Kovac. It's only $7.99, plus mattresses, from $1.99 or to us it's not just coffee or latte. It's a moment of calm an icebreaker see to us it's more. It's 100%, ethically sourced Arabica beans, it's freshly ground espresso with fresh milk, steamed and froth, and every sip is as rich and smooth as the last and now until September 29th, its $1 for any seismic cafe, premium rose, coffee and $2.00 for any small latte because to us, every cup counts, yeah, welcome, back a live shot there of NDP headquarters, but a quick recap of the numbers for six ATC govt listeners. Tonight the Progressive Conservatives leading or elected in 36 ridings, the NDP 18, the Liberals 3, the green, not turning up anything tonight. We have projected that progressive Progressive, Conservative majority government yeah and the NDP to just over at the met here in downtown Winnipeg. That's where they're gathering and yeah it's been do see here that you know the mood is relatively buoyant again they didn't win, but they did a lot better than they did in 2016 and Watkyn and I. Think is going to speak to that sense of optimism that the party has now and we have projected that PC majority, but there's five races in play right now that are very close. Let's take a quick look at them. The first in South Dale, 25 out of 41 polls reporting. Let's talk about this one Richard Audrey Gordon has really been working. This riding she is a veteran PC. She has a 143 vote, lead over Karen, mish, lousy of the NDP. Again. This is one of those swing. Ridings of the NDP when they were in government, had actually won it and I know that the NDP they want this riding. That's the route they're really pushing for it: McPhillips 22 or 247 polls reporting the PC incumbent, Shannon Martin, 38 percent of the vote, Greg mcfarland from the NDP 37 percent, no business for Shannon Martin to be winning this at all. Given the health care changes, he parachuted he in from south of Winnipeg, but the PCs figured that they could actually win this riding such a tight race between them and the NDP yeah. It's a 31 vote lead after 22 polls. A couple of thousand votes in and Shannon Martin is just out by 31 votes, Fort Richmond 33 out of 40 polls reporting, so we're getting close there. Sara Gilliam are the PC incumbent with 2029 votes, just behind her 10 jeet negra from the Liberals with 32 percent of the vote. She has 1619 again. This is a riding where tangi has been working. The doors she's from the University of Manitoba was the former student union president. There a lot of university students in that riding to vote, for maybe she got them out. She probably didn't. She probably did a good job of that. The Maples 10 to the 36 polls, reporting min to sandy from the NDP close race, with deep breath from the Liberal Party right, we're 143 votes are separating the NDP in top then to the Liberals, and even that not fart, not that far behind are the PCs with 378 votes. So this is a tight one and there's a long way to go and in a cinebulle, 3 8 out of 44 polls reporting there, but just a hundred and sixty-five votes ahead of the NDP candidate, PC incumbent, Scott, Johnson and again this is always one of those tight ridings. Historically, a cinema win will swing to the government party at times, but joel mchale, up of the NDP he's, got 39% of the vote with 38 of 44 polls reporting, depending on where those polls are again right down to the wire yeah. The window is kind of closed and I. Think for Jo. Mikela he's got to close that gap. Pretty fast, not a lot of polls reporting and don't forget this year. There is write-in ballots, people can write in anywhere and they can be dropped in. Do we expect the write-in ballot to really affect many races? Probably not why we've been told from elections Manitoba, the total number of writing ballots for the entire province is about a thousand. So it's really not a whole lot of votes, but those will be ballots. It will have to be counted, they'll, be counted them in the days ahead. All right, let's take a look at our leading and elected board. Coming off that and a closer look at these number of statements. Yeah so again, elected is really what we're looking at there we're getting to the point. The night when we can say, for example, the PCs are elected in 29, so that's the majority they're already elected but they're, also leading in another six ridings for a total of 35 leading and elected and DPR elected in 12 and again that's where they started the year that night they had 12 and they've got 12 there and a leading in seven for a total of 19. All right, Julie Buckingham is standing by with our panel of political insiders, and it's been entertaining listening to you folks Julie. Well, we appreciate that and I want to pick up on something Greg Macklin. He was using the whole blue bomber analogy. So I want to take you from the field to the sandbox and the premier, who will remain premier is not notably that's a play. Well with others, there's been a difficult relationship between Broadway and Main Street, and also between Broadway and Ottawa. That's right. Do we expect that to change I'm, not thinking it's going to and one of the things that's going on too is a dynamic of we have Kenny, we have moe and we have Ford there's a lovely dynamic, that's going on across the prairies and into Ontario conservatives, solid solidarity as it were, that's going to work perfectly if the Liberals are reelected in Ottawa and if the sheer goes in we're going to have all sorts of interesting things happen as well in terms of policy and conservative policies, I think you're going to see a better relationship between Broadway and Main Street, as Julie put it I think with this incredibly impressive victory, all right, I think premier, Pallister is gonna, kick back to relax a little bit and I hope he does and I'm not saying it's his fault I'm, not saying it's Brian, Bowman's fault, but come on, but no romance Bob come on guys. Let's put all that aside and get things done for Winnipeggers, you told me makes me crazy. So, let's just let's just admit the fact that the majority of Manitobans live in Winnipeg right right. So we have two levels of government representing us here, and the fact is is that they must play well with others. They have to get along, because there is only one voter. There is only one tax rate and we expect nothing less from our premier come on change. The people at Main Street figure that one out the first meeting that they had in a couple of years was just before the election call. That's right, I, don't know who you believe, because you say Brian Bowman will say, listen, Brian, Bowman will say the premier won't meet with me and the premier will say something else and just like whether or not health care spending is up or down or if there's cuts or no cuts, they needed couples. We don't really that's what they need. You have one that you're very form I can set them up. Okay, so how lenders is setting them up while we throw you back to the desk all right thanks for that Julie? Well, this campaign began with attack ads on Wahb canoeing. With a look at the numbers tonight, I'm gonna say they didn't really work well, yeah. They don't think they did, I mean I, think it depends on who you talk to. There were some younger voters who did not know what Bell wad canoes back a background rather and when they learned about it. When whoa look at that, you know kind of a rough and tumble, obviously I think a lot of older voters and when I say older rittany over 35, they had some inkling they'd heard about some of the stories etc. So it may not have been shocking, but very I would say almost vicious campaign by the PCs to really hammer home. You know it's criminal, this and rapper that to make him look like a real gangster, but David it worked, they think I think it did work and I think it helped solidify their message. They were on message on that and again it wasn't Brian Pallister knock and wob canoe in those ads. It was the Darth Vader voice. If he will somebody else not. You know. This is the Darth Bane and in this way the Progressive Conservatives go down three seats with all the health care changes that we have seen and all the negatives that Brian Pallister has when it comes to to even women voters. They still are able to get 35 seats in this and wahb canoe, I think tonight. Yes, he gets to hang on to his job, but if you're a NDP strategist, you're thinking, how do we grow this? How do we grow this? In the next four years? We're gonna say a lot more different changes from the Progressive Conservative forgot. You've had your shot now at wat canoes background. That's not going to be an issue in four years: you've taken the shot it's just as when you know, Stephen Harper was the bogeyman for the Liberals and o4a working out for it didn't work. When they've tried that again, I know six to get one shot and making your opponent look like the bad guy. It goes to your story of comparing canoe to doer in the sense that now he's established himself. Who is going to be the next competitor for the Progressive Conservatives, because I'll tell you four years from now: it's not likely going to be Bryant Allison and, of course we should let people know we're just waiting now on WOB canoe, we're expecting that WOD canoe may come into his room at down at the the diplomat very shortly. Let's take a look at the gains and losses while we've got a minute here, so the PCs down three. But you know what they're gonna shrug their shoulders. Are that because that's still a monster numbers you've been planning on a laundry her number yes, happy, plus seven a monster number for them. We want to take a look at the writing of Union Station 34 out of 56 polls reporting, and this is where the NDP made a big in Road tonight elected the candidate they're do use up I'm gonna. Get you to help me out on this all the way up. There you go 51 percent of the vote over the Liberal candidate with 19 percent Notre Dame 25 at a 38 polls, reporting the NDP candidate elected in that riding malaya Marcelino in Kuwait in Kuwait nook in bushi, the NDP incumbent elected there. These are where the NDP made some gains tonight and- and it's not close- and this was this- is part of the writing- we're very we're going to be to it a general election federally tomorrow and, of course, Nikki Ashton is from that part of the world. An NDP MP she's, looking to hold that in the federal and the NDP in boroughs. Dungey bar with 40% is now elected. Five hundred and ninety eight point lead over Jasmine Brar of the Progressive Conservatives they needed to take that back and they did and there's trans Kona I've been saying again. I've mentioned the federal election a couple of times, so the provincial NDP has shown some strength in some. You know traditional areas in downtown Winnipeg jump meet, saying the federal NDP leader he's having a not a very good month. He's been kicked around a lot of regions of the country, but I think the federal NDP will look and say: wow Wahb can do and the NDP are back on their feet in Manitoba. That is gonna make the federal MP Daniel Blakey feel a little more confident and I think it's gonna make Robert Falcon to let the Liberal, MP and Winnipeg centre nervous that the NDP are gonna, take his seat in the federal election. You following all the elections there with me, Richard back and forth. So it's so. This night is good for the federal NDP I think as well. They're gonna be feeling a little bit encouraged because they've had a little bad news recently in st. fatale, the PC and comment Kali mayor she's trailing the NDP elected candidate. We have an elected NDP er there, Jamie Moses, with 46% of the road and a cabinet minister goes down. Howleen Mayor was there and was brought to cabinet Crown Services Minister. She loses there in st. James adrian salva new democrat is elected. We're calling that one Michelle Richard the Progressive Conservative finishing second Liberals finishing third and there's a greens, disappointing 9% at this point for the Greens in fourth place, all right, we're going to take you back to that live shot of NDP headquarters as Bob Kearney. We have word that his way into the room and up to the podium for his speech tonight. I know Richard, wasn't wonderful. You sat down with him yeah and again he has overcome a lot in this campaign and again the negative ads. He was very calm and how he handled that explained himself away and for all those NDP strategists. They said if he can get to 16 if he can get to 18 or 19. We're quite content with that, and he is now I think he'll get up and he'll start talking about the fact that Manitobans have spoken loud and clear and some key constituencies, but this is kind of where the NDP were hoping to rebuild, because they knew that they would be out at least two terms: yeah, listen it's! If this was a David and Goliath fight. The PCs had control of the timing. They didn't get punished at all for breaking the fixed 8 election law. They had money there, you know well organized the NDP were trying to collect themselves had to run through a leadership race after that terrible fog. It results in 2016 and they got this surprise election to deal with them. They didn't have the resources that the other guys did so in this David and Goliath fight. It kind of turned out the way that Goliath absolutely won the PCs, but David didn't do too bad at 19 seats and I. Think as I say, that is what Bob canoe is going to be speaking to the future of the new Democrats in Manitoba and how we can prosecute what he'd like to do, which is fight, Bryan, pallister's health care of the forms all right here. It is again this is coming from downtown Winnipeg. Just a few blocks firm. We are here at the corner, reported Jemaine, he's at the diplomat, the hotel man since I'm at pardon me type, the diplomat and- and you know, he's gonna- be there probably family behind and cheering them on, and this is what the crowd is going to show their walk loved because he has taken them from 12 to 18 seats and and again, as we heard from people down there. That's that's a big success back humiliating defeat in 2016. This is a rebuilding time for the NDP and I think it's played out that way. Yep! Absolutely it has played out as far as rebuilding is concerned and again when you look at the stage the NDP trying to broaden their representation from all points of Manitoba and that a young indigenous leader here, head of a major political party that still is historic not only in this province but this country here we go. Thank you so much Manitoba and thank you so much New Democrats way to stand up for all of us in this province. How do you do I'm, Rob, canoe, I'm, feeling pretty good tonight? A very proud of you, the Manitoba NDP you've done such a great job, all the candidates, all the staff and the volunteers make some noise. Thank you. So much so just a few minutes to go. I called Brian Pallister to congratulate him on his victory tonight. It was a local call. I was you know very inspired by the showing we had this time around, but Manitobans chose to give him a second mandate, and so I congratulated him. You know humble and victory humble and defeat. That's my goal, but I don't think we were defeated tonight. I think Manitoban sent a very, very strong message and the seats that we took back made it very clear that Manitobans want us, the New Democrats to not only be the conscience of Manitoba not only to be the opposition of Manitoba, but to be the progressive voice for Manitoba and so we'll get back to work at the legislature very soon and I want to congratulate our new MLA elects under tremendous performance. You've made history, but you've made us proud. I, also told mr. balusters that he should bring in the Agri recovery protocol. No response in the room whatsoever, but this is a very important thing, that our livestock producers need and I just want everybody across Manitoba to know that we are serious about representing your concerns, whether you're inside the perimeter, whether you're in rural Manitoba or whether you are in the north. We are a party for all of us. Now we had a very clear message in this campaign. We said this election was about health care and I. Think the signs that many Manitoba's agreed with us are all the new Democrat MLAs who are going to be coming to the legislature, this fall, and so there will be tough times ahead. You know mr. Palace are called this election early, because the full impact of his cuts to health care have not yet been felt, and so we will be there each and every day, holding him accountable and asking him to do better when it comes to health care, because the seat pickups we gain tonight show Manitobans want much much better from their health care system than they've. Seen these past three years, I also spoke to many Manitobans across the course of this campaign who are thinking about education and the fact that we had so many teachers running as part of our slate. This time was a clear sign that we must stand up for an education system for all of us in Manitoba. A strong education system isn't just about preparing people for jobs, though it does just that an education system that works for all of us is about ensuring that every single kid in Manitoba has a fighting chance, including those exceptional kids, with exceptional needs. We have to give them all a fighting chance in our province and I'm very proud to say that we've got a new MLA from the woolsley who's going to be joining us and I'm also very grateful to have been given a second chance to represent for Roush and what I take what I take from those results and the results across the province is that Manitobans want us to be strong when it comes to climate justice. Manitobans want us to solve the climate crisis. Manitobans want us to solve climate change, and so we will take that ask with honor. We will carry it forward, and so we will be there with the young people who are walking out of their classes on September 27th for the global climate strike. You are calling on us to act and we will listen our new team, a very fresh, exciting team. By the way, our new team is going to have twice as many new MLAs as there will be veterans on the team, so a lot of new energy, a lot of fresh blood, but also a strong tie to the past, and so we are going to stand up for the environment. We are going to stand up for climate justice and we are going to stand up for a Manitoba that works for all of us, and so I want to thank my family, my beautiful wife, Lisa, my siblings in-laws, everybody I've been really blown away. You guys have really sacrificed to be able to allow me to run this campaign. I could not have done it without you, literally so I just want to say thank you or, as we say, back home meegwetch, and so it's with great humility that we accept the results tonight, not because we feel any kind of way about the outcome of tonight's election. But we accept this with humility, because the people of Manitoba have given us an awesome job. They have made us the official opposition. They have sought fit to give us an increased seat count in the legislature and they have sent a clear message to Manitobans that the new democratic party is the progressive voice here in Manitoba, and so we accept that with honor. We accept that with grace, and we accept that with great humility, because over the next four years we are going to work hard, each and every day we're going to keep knocking on doors, we're gonna keep showing up for all the community events, and four years from now, we are going to take Manitoba back and form a new democratic government. Thank you. Merci, beaucoup and big wigs all right, NDP leader, wok canoe, concedes defeat, but also focusing on the new energy injected into the NDP tonight. Yeah yeah and you know, Curtis Brown, I thought pollster friend was known and just done. His Twitter feed and I agree with him for a guy who you know lost by what nearly 20 seats and that set for, etc. Pretty chippy performance, you know, enthusiastic feeling very upbeat. You could confuse this for the winner speech, they're feeling pretty good about themselves. Good lying about I just talked to Pallister. It was a local call, always taken the digs and Pallister, and whether or not he's here in Costa Rica I can assure you he's here, yeah I'm, sure, I'm sure the Prima was watching on the the feed on wherever he is I hope he takes it in good spirit. It was just just kind of fun. Alright, we wait to hear from Brian Pallister next stay with us. This is decision. Manitoba 2019, you closed captioning brought to you in part by lotto 649 ex lotto. 649 jackpot is an estimated five million dollars, plus the guaranteed 1 million dollar prize. A battle is brewing between transformation and decade. Where one wrong move, it keeps growing. We are not losing another container to that landfill. His brother never made it to landfill. Their fate depends on you, recycle the right stuff, recycle everywhere. My dad started, independent jewelers back in 1937 and I. Think he'd be very proud if he knew that his grandsons are now in charge of looking after this habitat building. I think you know in this area as an area where comfort is needed and I think homes provide them. This is a way where our staff and our our community interacts with this community in a little different way than normal. It's just nice to be able to be a part of that. Over the years we've helped you celebrate at all from unforgettable birthdays to long-awaited reunions to spontaneous weeknights, because, whatever brings you here, we'll always bring the good times the cake. Why not tonight today homes are designed for living for coming together home, it isn't just where we are it's who we are it's the backdrop to our lives and it's walls are the keeper of our memories, discover how homes have evolved for living at the Manitoba Home Builders Parade of Homes proudly supported by SCU, Manitoba's largest credit union. Welcome. You have a copycat, I'm, flattered and deeply concerned. You all right. We're gonna show you a live shot now of PC headquarters. Of course, leader Brian Pallister will be speaking soon coming off. That wob canoe speech and an exciting evening down at PC Party headquarters tonight and I'll say that this is a whopping majority for the Progressive Conservatives at 36, because the majority in Manitoba is usually 31 32 over that 29 mark with 36 seats, a back to back healthy majority for Brian Pallister does say something: David I know the NDP at 18 whop canoes saying that, yes, we have grown. We are the opposition here, but let's not lose sight of the fact that, back to back massive majorities and now some of the reelected Progressive Conservatives gathering at the Kennedy uns Polo Park Scott fielding is there he's been reelected the finance minister, so only one big loss of a cabinet minister and calling mayor in in st. Vittal, but really, as it says, moving Manitoba forward. Brian Pallister takes this as a cue to continue on with the health care reforms in rural Manitoba and to continue on with education and other economic reforms. It's going to be all systems go yep and as we're watching that shot at PC headquarters. Clearly, it's successful candidates, there's Rochelle Squires for examples getting behind. You know they do the potted plant routine, they're gonna stand there in clap for the leader and they're very happy, and why shouldn't they be? You know we mentioned you mentioned that one cabinet minister, but just to mla's losing tonight for the PC. So you you come in with a record and you pretty much darn near defended that record from last time around. They started the day with 38 and they're down. 36, that's a really good night, you're, quite right for the PCs, and they should be very pleased with themselves. You know I think going into this too, and you know the where's. The excitement that we saw in the in both places I think the NDP were just a little more excited because they come from further down. You know these guys are the kings. They know they're the kings they're, acting like the kings down there, - you're, saying they're over near Polo Park, that's their names, Pullo Park and the expectation was going into this talking to their pollsters was it they were going to get 38 36 seats as well. They expected to win this thing. Interesting story, though, is the liberal vote, because that slid right right down and canoe going to the public yesterday and saying, if yeah, if you don't like our games, health care, I'm, your man, so that's solidified it for the NDP, certainly did but again, Brian Pallister is going to have license to continue on with some monumental changes in this province and dare I say if you're listening and on six ATC J OB and watching outside the city of Winnipeg, brace for a lot of health care changes in the months ahead, where you're gonna be wondering about your local hospital as they read Jake healthcare massively in this province and I can tell you that that congratulations are coming in from around the country right next door in Saskatchewan premier, Scott Moe has congratulated premier Palestrina coast, those two guys: four peas and a conservative pod. When it comes to fighting things like the carbon tax, the federal conservative leader, Andrew Shearer, he is preparing to open up his bid to unseat Justin Trudeau he'll, be in twelve Revere Quebec. Tomorrow he has sent in his congratulations. You know the Conservatives in the country. You know: Brian Pallister is part of the famous resistance on that acclaim and it's a good point that you make because I think it Pallister in his speech will make a reference to the federal government and Justin Trudeau. And he knows the fact that Justin's going out tomorrow to officially launch that federal election and he's also going to be talking about opposing some of the federal government policies that have enacted here in Manitoba and listen. There are three federal seats right here in Winnipeg, held by liberals that the Conservatives absolutely have a target on Douglaston and the Charles wood, st. James riding up and kill Bona st. Paul I. Don't think anybody expects Mary I'm a hit chick to come back and if we look down and Winnipeg south as well Terry do good the Liberal, MP I. Think the Conservatives are pretty confident about that. And oh guess. What? Where were the Progressive Conservatives doing real well tonight, all on the provincial ridings that map on to those federal ridings? And we are going to be paying especially close attention to this speech, because there is still a bit of a question mark surrounding Brian Pallister and whether or not he'll serve out that full term. Yes, I expect him to say: we've been elected for four more years and that there will be no hints that he's going to leave anytime soon, that's going to be up to the whisker whispers of some of those cabinet ministers and some of those PC insiders. But tonight he's going to be saying: we are rewarded with a big massive mandate. There's gonna be all sorts of echo coming out of our pre man. You know what my bet is: listen to the crowd chant when he comes to the podium, they'll be going 4 more years, 4 more years, and it's been of a slightly different meaning, given that we're talking about Pallister because he's got he's got fans in the party, even though, as he said, you called him the tough love premier, he called himself the tough love frame. Let's take a look at some of the PC landslides tonight. We want to look at that and the writing of Midland, where your PC incumbent, reelected, Blaine Peterson, was 74 percent of the vote, handily taking down sandy breezes and don't forget we, you won't miss Pallister speech, we'll be right back to it as soon as they see FAL with your papa Calvin Gerson will be disappointed that he only got 81 percent of the vote in Steinbach, almost 5000 volt lead over the NDP and Stein huh yeah. It's not close. That's like and I told you early on, I called that one early on. It's not a really tough one to call that one. That's rocket science and Gordon Winkler Cameron fries and the PC incumbent re-elected there with 81% of them. He got it freezing got about 81 percent last time and a future leader of this pod. The victory and Health Minister he's the Health, Minister and I'll be interested to see if Pallister continues with him as health minister in Lakeside, all the polls reporting there, your PC incumbent, re-elected Ralph idler. You bring me make a good point Richard that one of the stories as well for for you and and all our colleagues at Global News is going to be cabinet speculation. Certainly it's time to shuffle things up. Cabinet wise, maybe give some newer people some some important assignments there is. You can start a little bit of regeneration, that's very important for a party to sustain itself, but then you don't also want to annoy some of your close friends and make a neatnik anything seem like there's demotions for anybody. It's a tricky thing. Brian Pallister has the reputation of and last candidate shuffle he shuffled that front deck, and that was to keep ministers on their toes and I honestly think that Pallister he may be done in 18 months, but he's not going to show his parts at all tonight or anytime soon. No, and where are those that where he does name cata ministers, people may also be starting to try to read the entrails in terms of who's, got an inside edge to succeed, Palace here it's, it might be easy to do from a finance ministers position or a Health Minister position. Although you know what if I was I, don't know if I'd want to be Health Minister because as we believe, there are going to be some quote: controversial reforms in rural Manitoba coming down the pike and rural Manitoba is PC Heartland and then you're the guy trying to sell to your Heartland some health care reforms that may or may not be so popular Cameron Friesen went from finance minister, where he was very content to Health Minister and he was frankly surprised at that move. So when you look at possible contenders for this Rochelle Squires, who is in a still a very tight race, we haven't declared her elected yet in real she's. The future of this party as well Scott fielding, who you see on the stage right now. The finance minister he's a former Winnipeg city councillor. He is somebody that has leadership aspirations. This is a type one in Southdale 36 out of 41 polls reporting a tight race between the NDP and it's a lead change, since we last saw it. This is Southdale, so Karen mish Kowski is up by 20 votes, 20 votes, she's, the new Democrat up, 20 votes over Audrey Gordon of the PCs and we're almost all the votes are in I mean this could go down to the last poll. Maybe the right of balance will be an issue with this war. Certainly re-election, but Southdale is one of those bellwether writings that the NDP, when they have been in power, have one handedly. This is going right down to the wire and safe. It's how we want to cite to that saw some some significant boundary changes Richard. It did, but also it Nancy Allen, who was the former MLA for the NDP out there. She was door-knocking with the candidate, the NDP candidate that one there Jamie, Moses and Moses has been spending a lot of time out there again. 46% and 835 lead there, but Moses elected with 38 of the 42 polls, reporting in st. Mattel and we're just keeping an eye over there at PC headquarters, we'll get Brian Pallister on TV or on the radio. As soon as we see is the clap for more years. What did I say I? Did they wouldn't miss that chance for more years, the caucus behind them, the cabman, the caucus behind them that are in Winnipeg again Brian Pallister, making his way up to the podium shortly overall can I ask: did this play out how you expected it? Would they make it? Yes, it does for me, certainly on the top line, the PCs and the New Democrats that they I think again. I talked about checking things off mission accomplished, certainly for the pcs at NDP, the Liberals yeah. Obviously they definitely be disappointed that they don't have party status and I am surprised to see that Manitoba seems to have no interest doing what many other provinces have done and get a green person into the legislature. So I guess that's gonna have to wait another four years well and and the Greens tried really hard, but in woolsley, where they had a real good chance last time around redistribution affected that big time the Liberals not getting party. If there was a good idea for I, know, James Bentham is from Fort Rouge. Do you think it was a good idea for him to run against the deal leader that maybe better might have wanted to find? Another writing I, don't know which other writing it. They would have been really I suppose if he was gonna go somewhere else yeah and that's where he should have run, but he didn't because again he's a bit of a reluctant leader, the Liberals at three. Yes, they gave they do not get party status, but they'll still claim victory. Dougal Lamont retaining his seat and Saint Boniface is still something to build on for him. We heard Wahb canoe and saying that, yes, we are the future. He is the future right. Now, there's not going to be any challenges for his job and while the PCs are looking right now, leading and elected in 34, that's still in historic, Manitoba terms of very good majority government for him and I. Remember I! Think he made this comment the day after the debates. If you didn't correct me, but I think that you thought that James betim really had trouble connecting in the debate that he seemed a little more professore II 'el it. You know he really wasn't a lot of the criticism. There was that he sounded better on radio than he appeared on television and I watched on TV I wasn't listening to on radio and I thought he just doesn't seem again. Think of the federal leader Elizabeth May she's been around for a while, of course, but she's very popular personally, because I just think she connects with people in very conversational informal way so Richard. Why did they keep Alastair on such a tight leash? Well because they didn't want to make any real foe, paws and I talked to one insider. That said, if we could have sent Brian Pallister to Costa Rica for maybe two weeks of this campaign, they would have because I think and I'll give credit to David McLaughlin who ran this campaign. He's a veteran conservative insider that ran this campaign and again this is a strategist that says: okay, we're targeting our ridings, our specific ridings we're going to get that vote out. So when we look at the advanced polling and all those boats that come back, we're going to see we're gonna see those advanced polls come back and they targeted this big time all right there. He is making his way up to the podium, Brian Pallister, horse's wife, with him by his side, you know, I, don't have to all blind polisher is that his wife must be as it just about. It is tall Thanks Brian's, one of the tallest guys I've ever met as a fact. Who's doesn't play professional basketball. He did play basketball early on in his career and will always cite that every once in a while, but for Brian Pallister here is a man that's early on during the former film and government here. In Manitoba in the 1990s he was you know on the outside and he won cabinet and then went to the federal politics and spent a lot of time in federal politics, and it was essentially anointed leader of the Manitoba Progressive Conservative, when no one wanted that job and built that job big time and now he can say to people in he. He is a controversial figure, my way or the highway, but certainly they have won again with Brian Pallister at the helm, all right high fives all around for Brian Pallister, it's coming in for a second term as Manitoba preview, hey! Thank you, Manitoba Thank, You Manitoba. Thank you very much. As you know, as in every election, Manitobans had a chance to make a decision. They made a choice whose have a fail vote rush wha, not backward forward forward forward to balanced budgets, forward to better care and sooner forward to new schools for our children and grandchildren forward to a stronger economy for all of us and forward to more affordability for families with lower taxes and more money right on the kitchen tables of Manitoba Thank You Tsar. In order, I want to say, first of all, thank you to all the candidates, all the supporters and to the leaders of the other parties for making democracy work for giving people choices. That's what democracy is all about tonight. They chose and those other candidates for those other parties and those other leaders deserve our thanks and our congratulations for giving people in Manitoba a chance to choose I want to say a special thank you to our whole campaign team and to David McLaughlin and Tannis Drysdale for all the work that they have. Thank you I, want to say a very heartfelt personal. Thank you to all of the dedicated volunteers. We are the volunteer party. Thank you to all the volunteers who worked on all our campaigns right across the province and I want to say a special thank you as well to the best slate of candidates that ever was presented to the people of the province of Manitoba, all the PC candidates and their families. Thank you for your dedication and, if you'll permit me, I also want to say thank you to our family, to my family, to Esther's family, for their support for their love, for their advice and counsel, and to our good friends who have stood by us through thick and thin when we were not as good of friends as we should have been, because this job is consuming and I. Thank them and I. Thank them from the bottom of my heart and I. Thank all the friends across Manitoba of our MLAs, who will serve the people of Manitoba with diligence and dignity and grace. Thank you for your support and your love and your kindness. Thank you. So much if you'd allow me I want to reflect for a moment on twenty-seven years ago, when we had a one-year-old who's, not one anymore, and we decided to get into politics because our town was dying and we accepted a challenge that many others have as well of getting into public life and Esther and I became empty nesters. This January and I don't like it, but she did all the work so she's, fine with it. But this is the first campaign in my political time of service that I've been able to campaign alongside my wife, Esther and I want to say I thank God for Esther and I thank Esther, but you all know and Manitobans recognize that we inherited a mass of responsibility. Some would call it a mess, but like the Manitoba bison, that is in our logo and that inspires us. We are accepting of those challenges. The Manitoba bison, unlike most species when faced with a challenge, always turns and faces toward it, and we did that and we've done that and we've done it with focus. We face our challenges together. Manitobans do that and today and tonight they said they appreciated the fact that we fixed the finances and we're repairing the services and we're rebuilding economy. There is absolutely no doubt that Manitoba is now Canada's most improved province. We are the Keystone province. We are the center of Canada. We are no longer Canada's best kept secret and next year, when we unite to celebrate our 150th birthday, our 150th birthday in the most beautiful and blessed country on the face of the earth are Canada. We will come together next year and we will come together to honor our past, but I assure you, ladies and gentlemen, that we will also come together to celebrate. The future of Manitobans worked with us all. Hands on deck, Manitobans have repaired, Manitoba's foundation and now Manitobans, and we will join with them in this will rededicate themselves, as we will rededicate ourselves to building on that renewed and strengthened foundation, to build the Manitoba of our dreams to build the home of hope right here in Manitoba to build the place where truly Canada's heart beats. Manitoba United never backward like the Manitoba bison, always forward the sky used to be dark, but the clouds will lift, perhaps not tomorrow or the day after, but they will lift and there will be a new day and it will be a brighter day and it will be under a blue sky and I say to you because of your dedication and because of the values that Manitobans demonstrated today in choosing forward. The only thing better than today in Manitoba is going to be tomorrow, all right of notes. No congratulations to walk or do coke yeah, oh I'm, not a bit odd or just a second I mean he did congratulate all the candidates on the ballot. Yes, that is lop Canoe by definition, but you wouldn't say to your opposition leader. Congratulations to the opposition. I look forward to seeing them at the legislature. You know I! Guess he could take it or leave it, but Richard. You were saying that these guys are the the friendliest of fellows in any event. Well, but I'm always struck by not only the words but the images and for our 680 CJ you'll be listeners. Brian Pallister at the podium, Heather Steffensen deputy premier kind of tucked to behind him and then a lot of older, middle-aged MLAs behind him, with no women and very stark contrast to the NDP headquarters, where you had Wahb canoe, a young person, indigenous people, a variety of people in that room, and you could make the argument that one represents kind of the changing reality of Manitoba. They lost tonight versus kind of the older Manitoba here in Brian Pallister. Now, that's a stretch to make that analogy, because there are a lot of young Tories here as well, and on that stage there are a lot of women that represent the Progressive Conservatives. But as far as images are concerned, I think David. That does say something and if you're a party insider you're, going to have to answer as to why those people were behind Brian Pallister, because during the campaign he made sure he had diversity behind him. Right and I can tell you this anecdote. As a matter of fact, this is something that that all politics, particularly white Pawlik white male politicians, are thinking about as they campaign in a multicultural, multilingual, diverse environment, men, women in this case indigenous people. We want our politicians or our political groups if you will to look like Canada to look like the groups they're representing in in legislature and I, think this clearly seem to be an oversight. It is all the cabinet minister, and it is all the caucus and they seem to have just arranged themselves as opposed to the normally. It is quite stage-managed we're going to make sure we have, as I say people from from from all around, and it did look different than then wob. There's a different energy, and you know I think that's something that pcs have to be aware of. I. Think that you look at you know. The party pulls well Brian Pallister as an individual does not, and this is sort of a testament to that I feel like a lot of the same feathers are ruffled yeah I mean just taking a look at one thing. When we talk about participation in our political process, we want more young people to vote. We want more women to vote. We want more women to run as candidates. That's if that's a real push for a lot of political parties, and we want a digitus people to vote. Look at the projected turnout right now and objective turnout. David Greenslade is in that scrum right now, at Progressive, Conservative Party headquarters at the Canada ins that pull apart alright still more to come, stay with us you're watching decision, Manitoba on global Winnipeg and listening on 680 CJ Opie you, you have no power, she doesn't believe. That's when I'm at my best at product care recycling, we know paint makes our world a brighter place and the best thing you can do with your leftover paint is recycle it for free at a recycling location near you, product care recycling, helping make our world a better place. Amalouna face after Soleil playing September 14 through October 20th, under the big top at sterling Ryan Parkway and Kenaston Boulevard presented by Sun Life Global Investments. Have you not tried to beyond meat burger yet I? Have it all right here you go one for each of you right now, they're just 399. Oh that's a great deal now. What's your Excuse I, don't have what you don't have wherever you are whatever you're craving and whenever you're craving it door. - has the restaurants. You want delivered to your door wherever your door happens, to be down low door - and bring the restaurants to you. First order: zero dollar delivery fees, Lake Winnipeg, the heart of Manitoba. It defines our province and inspires our people, but the algae blooms on our lake are impossible to ignore. Winnipeg's North End sewage plant is not meeting provincial guidelines. Inaction is not an option. There's too much at stake. Buckley's, complete + mucus, provides all-in-one relief from more cold and flu symptoms than you can count on one hand like coughs, sore throats nasal, sinus and chest congestion, fevers and minor aches and pains Buckley's, complete, +, mucus, it tastes awful and it works its Leon's customer appreciation event. Our biggest sale of the year get amazing specials throughout the showroom like 50% off this Collier Shaye's. Now only $5.99 plus win free furniture in every store. It's so much more this weekend only at product care recycling we know paint makes our world a brighter place and the best thing you can do with your leftover paint is recycle it for free at a recycling location near you, product care, recycling, helping make our world a better place, we're good we're going to practice. That's a live shot of the Big Blue Room tonight in Manitoba you have decided and Brian Pallister is serving a second term as your premier, a progressive conservative majority government is the result tonight we're waiting on Pallister to finish up with this scrum and hoping to turn around some clips from that. I think that that that speech left people wanting, maybe a little bit more well. Clearly, the reporters definitely want some more I mean he had some very nice things as saying again, it's not a throne speech we're looking for, but he did talk about the 150th anniversary. That is gonna, be a big deal for Manitoba. Obviously he wants to be part of that, but no hints on healthcare reform no hints on when he might recall the legislature, in other words, I'm gonna assume he probably wants to wait out the federal election now right so and that election doesn't finish till October 21st. So there'll be a lot more questions for the premier tonight and tomorrow. Okay, some close races still in play. Your time now is 1044. We're gonna go to Eric Sorensen. Now, he's standing by life thought we should take another tour of the maps of Manitoba here, because I mean this looks a little bit like we've seen a lot in the past, the NDP coming back to win the four northern ridings. But if you look at southern Manitoba, you've got twenty-one ridings outside of Winnipeg. The Conservatives have swept the table on that one all the way down to Brandon even Brandon, where they want in Brandon West, which is not unusual, but they want Brandon East. So they've won their two terms in a row after 47 years in a row where the NDP held that riding. So that's it. That has to be a disappointment. Now, going over to Winnipeg itself, you can see that the the the Conservatives have done pretty well in the areas you would expect in the kind of the western part of this, the city all the way up to Mick two Roblin, the the new bigger riding out here, of course, the Premier himself down to Seine River on the north side. This will be, as we said earlier, a little bit disappointing for the New Democrats if they lose in Ross Muir, it's not a done deal yet. There are a couple of close races to look at, as you were saying, Lisa. Let's look at those now. First of all, South Dale Karen Mackowski has a 28 vote, lead over Audrey Gordon in South Dale. Now thirty-eight of the 41 polls are reporting, but 28 votes can be turned around pretty quickly in McPhillips there Shannon Martin. You know you said that hey he went from down south of the city. Of course he lost his riding and Morris. He had to find somewhere to go his musical chairs for some of those ridings when they lost one of the rural ridings in Manitoba to a Winnipeg, so Shannon Martin landed in McPhillips, but he has a very narrow lead still over Greg McFarland, just 70 votes and that one's too close to call- and we just wanted to show you the Maples- it's not so close, but it's not quite done yet, because only 21 of the thirty-six polls are reporting and the reason for looking at it in with min to Sanders lead it's a lead of 330, it's pretty healthy, but if the Liberals were to have a chance to win to get their fourth seat and official party status. This is where it has to happen. So it's a tall order, but that is the place where they would try with a deep bra now the popular vote. You heard Wahb canoe talking about this. He emphasized it twice and I. Think what's important here is first of all, let's start with the NDP. They rose about five points to 30.8 and the Liberals are actually down for the moment a little bit at thirteen point, nine. They now have more than a two to one lead. It was much closer in 2016. There was thinking that the greens would come through with a big breakthrough. Well, they have scored more votes total in total this time around. Even though it's a down election in terms of voter turnout, the Greens will have I think at the end of the night, a record turnout, but still six point three percent and no seats. That is a disappointment for them. The Liberals have to be disappointed if they only end up with three seats and only thirteen point nine percent. The big story, though, has to be that the PCs themselves- 48.4% hey. It was bigger in 2016, but there hasn't been anything this big since 1977, when sterling lion won, so to be able to follow up 2016 with a showing of 48.4% for the PCs, that's a pretty good showing for for the premier, who is re-elected back to you, Lisa all right, Eric Sorensen! Thank you! A quick commercial break as we was it wait await results in the close ridings of South Dale McPhillips you're, watching decision Manitoba you closed captioning for this global program is brought to you in part by bath fitter the beautiful bathroom of your dreams. In just one day. If you wear hearing aids, Bluetooth technology can dramatically improve your quality of life, with the touch of an app on your smart phone you'll, never misplace your hearing, aids again Bluetooth technology lets. You discreetly adjust the volume on one or both hearing aids and no matter how lively the background noise you'll always hear. Clearly hi I'm Leslie Holden visit our team at the Polo Park Hearing Center discover the difference that Bluetooth technology can make and live your life to the fullest. It's the price famous ten sale get up to 60% off clearance items in the tents. It was give this modern sofa just 399 with his family size. Glide. Shell fridge. Now only $4.99 the breaks famous intent sale say to do more. Have you not tried to beyond meat burger yet I? Have it all right here, you got one for each of you right now: they're just 399! Oh that's a great deal now. What's your Excuse I, don't have what now you don't have my dad started, independent jewelers back in 1937 and I. Think he'd be very proud if he knew that his grandsons are now in charge of looking after this habitat building. I think you know in this area as an area where comfort is needed and I think homes provide them. This is a way where our staff and our our community interacts with this community and a little different way than normal. It's just nice to be able to be a part of that Shaw blue curve. Your Wi-Fi, your rules, pause, Wi-Fi device pause this, but not this put your Wi-Fi on a schedule to make dinner time dinner time again, set a Wi-Fi time limit to balance screen time with quality time. Take control of your Wi-Fi shabu curved Jeep Wrangler is here: Jeep compasses, -, Jeep, Cherokee and Grand Cherokee they're, all here at the Jeep, all out clear out event get a little Jeep Wrangler motor trends, 2019 SUV of the year or Jeep Grand Cherokee the most luxurious vehicle in its class. It's no ordinary SUV, Jeep all-out clear out on now get up to 15% off MSRP for up to nine thousand six hundred and fifty dollars in total discounts get more done with all-day battery life. On this 15 inch Chromebook from Best Buy can't afford to bring all seven of you back. You welcome back, let's check in one more time with Julie Buckingham standing by with our panel. Let's start to my left, Hal Anderson final thought. You know what Julie I'll just say. This impressive victory for the Tories tonight and what has happened over the past three years, not necessarily a roadmap to re-election, but it happened and I think there was a lot of courage shown by premier Pallister the things he did not necessarily popular but I think necessary in the province. Shannon Sanford I think Bob, who did a fine job and maintaining the status quo. Premier Pallister congratulations. Job well done, and we get to do this all again tomorrow morning, federally and I wait Jenny mock, :, congratulations again. Obviously Brian Pallister, but to come out with nearly 50% of the popular vote. Again is a resounding mandate. Notwithstanding, you know, wob canoes, you know jubilant concession speech, I, don't think it was a great night for the NDP and I think that we've shown that Manitoba is. You know, looking forward to all of the things that Brian Pallister is promised in his mandate, so we've had decision Manitoba 2019. Now we get set for a federal election, but first back to the desk all right, Julie thanks so much for your work down there tonight into the entire panel, one more stop with Eric Sorensen he's standing by as we wrap things up here, hey Lisa, you know, I think. One thing that does give I think everyone pause is the voter turnout. You've talked it a little bit about that earlier. We don't have the final numbers in, but it's beginning to look like the voter turnout may be down very close to 50 percent. That would be an historic law in modern, Manitoba political history. So we'll have to see all those numbers come but running have having this campaign as it ran late in the summer. After only three years, it's possible I heard a chant that said three more years at the Conservative headquarters. But let's look then at what the final standings look like in our virtual legislature, and you can see it's not that different. It's a pretty good showing for the NDP they've bumped their numbers up by about 50%. The Liberals have to be disappointed that they only get three and they won't have official party status sitting back there and those back benches. But of course the Conservatives have a very healthy majority. So it's a very good night for Brian Pallister and the Progressive Conservatives Lisa Eric, thanks so much tonight for that tonight, Eric Sorenson reporting there. Now, let's go to the big picture. Our gains and losses board make sense of these numbers for everybody before we head out tonight, guys the Progressive, Conservatives, leading and elected in 36 still a historic at night, the NDP in the 18, the Liberals in 3. This is one of those situations where it's more like the Manitoba we're used to when it comes to these three major political parties, disappointing night for the Liberals losing party state yeah a disappointing night for the Green Party as well in a quick look at the popular vote, David akin, that's right. Of course, Eric just ran through this and 49% almost 50%, as our panel was just saying, that is terrific for the PCs 31% for the NDP liberals unhappy at 14 and the greens again I'm just saying Manitoba's are just not where the rest of the country is in getting excited about the greens, but overall turnout, though just around 50%, though overall turnout is projected to be 52%, but we'll have to wait for the final tally from elections Manitoba so off, not as much off, but certainly a bit off from 2016 all right now, while this election has finished up here in Manitoba, another one is just about to get underway tune in tomorrow morning, at nine o'clock for special coverage of the federal writ drop, Donna Friesen will be joined by David akin, as we look ahead to decision Canada quick turn around I'm, just gonna sleep under the desk and get up and or into the federal election. It's gonna be a lot of fun all right. Thanks for being with us, everybody.