Returning to our panel Hal Anderson of CJ, OB, Shannon, Sanford political scientist and also Jenny McCulloch, who ran as a municipal election and we're looking at some of those numbers now and Jenny. Do you think that the the numbers that we're seeing for the NDP is really an endorsement of Wahb canoe or the NDP brand I have a very hard time, believing that there's any endorsement of Wahb canoe? But that's my personal feeling. You know I honestly believe that Brian Pallister has done a good job of moving the province in the right direction. Anything that the voters of Manitoba want to keep going in that direction, and they are looking for people to actually bring a little transformation to the way that we govern and the way that we manage our province and the NDP's entire campaign themes seem to be. We want to go back to the way it was, and yet Shannon it resonated with people clearly, as well as they're picking up I, think said, he's being a little too hard on Wahb canoe. You know when it comes down to it. I know I know, but when it comes down to it he was pretty quick charismatic. He did tell the stories that he needed to tell he won the leaders debate on television hands down. He did he didn't do what he needed to do for the young voters and he did do what he needed to do for the Winnipeg voters and him resonators like him they'd like him, they just find him very charismatic and for some reason, they'd like him. What canoe is very curious if compared to our six-foot, a premier that people find scary, you know I can see why people would choose him. He does come on yet interesting that people didn't choose him right. The people chose Brian Pallister, but there was no change in the air this time around right last time it was like we're. Gonna run these bums on it. You know, and this time it was time you have to understand, I, don't think anybody showed up to vote this time. It'll be interesting to talk about the voter turnout and your predictions. Hal Anderson. We wrote them up on the board at C, Jo B yeah I wrote down a very sad number in my estimation, which is 48 percent, see where it it. We will see where it ends up, but let's face it, I mean yes, the NDP number is is getting bigger, but why is it getting bigger? The Tories tonight they've still won a real nice majority. It was, you know, record numbers last time, it's not surprising that that number would come down a little bit. It's. It will talk about the tournament next time around or, as they say in the sports world, a w as a W is a W. It's not a squeaker. No, no 34! It's a pretty big man! That's round we're talking about it as if, as if the PC Party Manitoba lost tonight. Well, they were re-elected with it with a strong majority and a strong mandate to move Manitoba forward as air signs say and.