Well earlier this morning, we learned more about the new products coming to pot shops in Ontario, the Ontario cannabis store, which supplies products to the provinces, retailers and customers online says these new products will be available as of Monday mark. Our Castle is live with more on the new, edible releases mark. A lot of people have been looking forward to this yeah, that's right, Travis and they will have 59 new products in those licensed retailers, as you mentioned, as of next Monday January 6, you could see the new vape pens behind me. That is just some of the product that will be available on Monday, let's bring in David Lobo now he's the vice president of corporate affairs and social responsibility for the Ontario cannabis store David. Thanks for doing this, absolutely walk us through some of the new product. You've got out on display here today. So to start next week, we're gonna have a bunch of different categories. We'll have a several products in the soft jus category. We're gonna have one product in terms of mints, one product in terms of cookies and then several products as it relates to chocolate. We're also going to have our first beverage product, which will be an infused tea bag alongside all the vapor products you mentioned, and obviously further expansion from from here on out. This is just sort of the the first footprint. If you will absolutely so we're working really closely with our licensed producer partners, they're working around the clock, there's going to be many, many more products that come to the market between January, February, March and so a week over week. We expect a lot more products to come out. We know supply is gonna, be a bit limited in the early days, but but producers are really working hard to get more out. We mentioned that limited supply. Anna and I wanted to talk to you about that, because much of the knock on the OCS through the first year has been limited supply high prices, if you're trying to fight the black market. Those are things that make that hard to do in this next go-around. How do you plan to fix some of those some of those issues yeah? So there's going to be a number of different approaches. We take. We've got competitive price points. To start, we're gonna have to look at how consumers react to those price points work with our producer partners to adjust them if they're not effective and then new products there's going to be a ton of innovation, we have to understand consumers interest and bring products out to them quickly. David. Thank you so much for doing this appreciate it good luck to you guys. So there you have a new products, 59 of them all different categories will be available. Monday we'll have a full recap later on tonight on Global News at 5:30 and our website global news, dot, CA, / Toronto back to Marcus. All for us live thanks. Mark.