When I first moved to the UK, it was incredibly important to me personally to be able to connect with people on the ground, doing really important work and one of the places that I went to very early on with smart works now funny enough and purely by coincidence, it was just a year ago, at this same time that I was working on a project in Grenville with this women at a community center called al-manar, and that's when we put together the together cookbook. So though this is a year later, and obviously this is fashion, not food at its core. These are very similar projects, because they're about women who are empowering each other me being able to have the opportunity to meet them, get to know them, learn from them and then say what can I do in some small way? How can I try to help you amplify this? How can we make this even better, greater and more impactful for the women that you're trying to help? So they all said yes, and that was a great start, and so thank you so much for that. As we've seen, this evolve. I think, what's been really amazing is to know that these women will now be equipped in a project that will just be a couple weeks, but will give us enough units to be able to have the women at smart works. Have these key essentials for a year and that in and of itself to be able to have one small project that has such big impact is something that I'm really connected to as women. It is a hundred percent, our responsibility, I think to support and uplift each other to champion each other, as we aim to succeed to not set each other set each other up for failure, but instead to really be there rallying around each other and say I want to help you and you may not ever meet that person, but you'll know when you put on that blazer or that shirt or you carry that tote or put on those trousers of that dress that some other woman on the other side of this country is wearing that piece, because you made that purchase. I first met her when she became patron and I went for a dress in session and she was there. She got stuck right in like what they said. You know rolled up her sleeves. She was still heavily pregnant at the time and she picked out a couple of bits for me and it was really nice for her to say you know how good it looked, and you know empowering it's really nice to meet her she's, just a beautiful kind-hearted person and it's just such a relaxing experience and she's big on helping women and it's so heartwarming to have someone like that around.