You have this affinity for Canada. Why is that I I? Don't know, I I think it's it's like on the way here. I thought I've got to help. Somehow here I've got a I've got to help our neighbors and I thought. Well, one thing I could do is bring back an American who's, trying to become your Prime Minister. So if I get to meet Mr Shearer while I'm here, you know, I will encourage him. I will speak to his American side and tell him that we desperately need him back home right now. You want it to be a Canadian citizen at one point still still on the radar. Well, I, don't know I I, don't want to be a Canadian citizen, but I would like a passport. You know just a insurance policy in case sort of thing, you're, obviously in tune with Canadian politics. What do you think of our current campaign? Well, it's it's confusing to Americans because of the four main candidates. You have a white man in blackface. You have a Canadian who was also an American. Did the blackface turn you off? I was so disappointed you and you, and you do understand- that mr. Trudeau is beloved in the United States in large part, because he's everything that Trump isn't so. In contrast, you have a prime minister that goes to the airport to welcome refugees that come here you-you-you. He seems to have a kind heart. You know he cares about his people. These are all things that we now no longer have it's interesting that great moment where Trudeau and Obama had lunch together in that diner or wherever they were, and you look at that and I. Remember people saying at the time Oh Canada now has their Obama someone who cares someone with a heart someone for peace and goodwill, so it was just sad to see that and I think I guess. My first thought was actually what is wrong with white people and white guys, especially what seriously? What is this that white guys, especially in their youth mmm, want to dress up as a person of color it? Do you think he should still remain as Prime Minister that's up to a human to the Canadians. That's really wrong for an American to say anything about what you should do, but I'm sure he feels very bad about it. He didn't he didn't. He seemed to cop to it and but you can't get a good explanation out of a Kenya I mean you can't I mean you can say he was young, but I was that age and never in a thousand years would I have ever thought of doing something like that. So you know, but he admitted right away, I'm a child of privilege, white privilege. You know I noticed that you've become more of a political commentator. So let's talk about the impeachment inquiry. Is this this phone call to Ukraine's president? Is this what America needed that Muller couldn't produce? It is really fascinating that robert muller spent two years a dozen or so prosecutors investigators, everything and and could not do anything to dislodge trump. In fact, Muller Mulder's investigation was so weak in the sense that it produced facts that we already knew and he was unable to even get an interview with Trump. He couldn't force Trump to sit down and be questioned. Bill Clinton had to be questioned, but Trump see people laugh at Giuliani and Trump's lawyers guy named Ty Cobb, but they clearly were geniuses in some weird sense because they protected trunk from ever having to answer a question under oath from the prosecutor and it looked like he must have felt relieved the day of Muller's testimony. We had all thought Muller and we had never been really in front of the cameras or the microphones during the investigation. So we imagined this mythical character: the strong g-man with the broad shoulders investigating the the criminal president Trump and then and then all like The Wizard of Oz. You pull back the curtain and he's sitting at the table and four or five times the the members of Congress had to. He couldn't find the microphone that was right in front of him. It was sad director. Muller of the microphone is right there. Oh, oh he he over a hundred times said I can't answer that I don't want to get involved. I don't want to Wow. It was shocking and it must have been shocking to Trump and Trump. Sat there and watched that July 24th, the phone call to the president of Ukraine was July 25th, the very next day Trump wakes up after a breakfast of KFC he's bullied, he's he's feeling strong. He really he beat the g-man, he beat them all and in his arrogance, wasn't even knowing that a dozen people were listening to the call and were witnesses just went ahead and and broke the law and invited a foreign leader to interfere with our elections. He you predicted that he would win the 2016 election. How did it get to that? Well, six months before the election, when I tried to tell my fellow Americans that Trump was gonna win and he was gonna win by winning Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania. Nobody wanted to hear that plus it sounded crazy. How could this idiot win? Look at Hillary Clinton may be the smartest person ever to run for president or in the top five. At least. How could she lose? How could we lose I said well because I live in Michigan I I see what's going on here. People are angry. The Michigan voted for Bernie in the Michigan primary Wisconsin voted for Bernie in the Wisconsin primary I already saw it. People didn't want the old guard that gave the industrial Midwest the crummy life that it's living and been living for the last couple of decades. So absolutely for sure you know, I knew Trump was gonna, pull this off. Only because of the anger amongst the voters. Is he gonna repeat a victory in 2020? If you would ask me that question two weeks ago, I would have said yes. If the election were today, Trump is going to win. The Democrat next year is going to get even more of the popular vote than Hillary Clinton got, but but not the electoral college now after he has so brazenly committed and what I think is an act of treason so publicly mm-hmm and admitted it I, don't even know if he'll be on the ballot. At this point, who is the natural Democratic candidate to beat him well, I? Think there's four or five the could be two, but beating Trump is not enough. Hillary beat him beating him isn't well, we have to do you have to crush him, who the question is is who is the person who absolutely would crush him today without a doubt and I? Don't know if it's any of the 19 that are running I mean there's a couple that I? Obviously, if you know my politics, that I like a lot Bernie and Elizabeth, Warren and and Biden could beat him and and maybe even Buddha judge could beat him. Kamala Harris could beat him, but beating him isn't enough to win the electoral college, so so in order to absolutely crush Trump like if you want to absolutely make sure that Trump is going to lose I'd be running a beloved American and in my mind, that person is Michelle Obama if everybody as soon as I, say that anybody they go oh yeah and then right away. They all she wouldn't like yeah yeah, but that's what she said. I saw her first appearance at the bookstore in New York back in November. When her book came out, that's what she said not going back to 1600 Pennsylvania, but in the months since she continued her book to her. She extended it because she started because they had to move her into arenas. She never did a book story. She had to be in 15 thousand seat arena in the Midwest in the south. She is a beloved American and would absolutely crush drama. You've said that the candidate has to be anti-trump, aren't all Democrats anti Trump yeah, it's not enough to be anti Trump. You have to share to be for something you have to show Americans a huge contrast between yourself and Donald Trump in order to win this election. If, if Democrats are just gonna run on the negative of I'm, not Trump, wow, that's pretty disappointing. That's such a low bar you set for yourself, of course, you're, not trunk. Who is Trump to be Trump. You have to be without empathy without a conscience. You have to be a narcissist of such a magnitude that I don't know when we've seen anybody like this. Do you think Joe Biden could be your guy? You said that he could alienate the progressive side of things. I like Joe, Biden I've met him a couple times. He's he's he's a good guy. We need to inspire the Democratic base. People are very depressed. There is a malaise across the land and next November third you're from a little over a year. From now, we need a person who, when you the American voter wake up in the morning, you can't wait to get out of bed to go vote for fill in the blank you gotta think. Who is that person? That's gonna inspire people, not the hard core, not two people that always vote, but I'm talking about mm-hmm the Democratic base. Excuse me I'm talking about the Democratic base that often times doesn't doesn't vote. That's we've got to bring out the American electorate next year. Seventy percent of those who are eligible to vote are either women, people of color or young adults between the ages of 18 and 35. That's the Democratic base. So what can be done to first of all pick a candidate? That's going to inspire women, people of color and young people to not only go to the polls but bring five to ten people with them. That's what we should be thinking about. That's the strategy. Okay: let's talk about your films, you've drawn Canada into your films right Bowling for Columbine sicko. What is it about us that you think we're doing right? Probably the main reason Canada is in most of my films. It's only 60 miles from Flint. You know it's. It's a half a mile across the river from Detroit. It's just easy to get a crew and go over there. You know we're visiting for the day we we just came over to get some Tim Hortons and then head back, but you know get some filming done, no I. Look. The United States is very fortunate to have right on our very border, a country that structures itself differently than we do in ways that have a deep regard for our fellow human beings. Canada is not perfect. It has many problems. I mean you don't need to listen to those from an American. But let me tell you what you do. Have you actually believe that when a person gets sick, they shouldn't lose their house? That's a Canadian value. People are actually pausing right. Now, thinking did he. What did he say? We mean lose your house. That's inconceivable here in this country, because because you believe that's a human right, you will not join us when we want to go invade other countries. You actually believe that peace is the better path than war than killing and speaking of killing. You do actually have a lot of guns, mostly hunting. You know rifles and shotguns, it's a big nation of hunters. So why aren't those guns being used to kill each other? Why don't canadian, any given year? How many gun murders are there in Canada 150 250 out of a nation of we think that's high and there are malls there are calls to ban handguns in this country, ya, know and- and you should actually put - even to get a handgun permit in this country. It's it's difficult. You can't just go into Walmart and buy a handgun there's a process. You have to go through here. So when you take your film like Bowling for Columbine, do you think you have affected change in the US? Have you changed policies and made it a better place? Well, it's a very good question. I know that my films over the years have educated a lot of Americans teachers, show my films in schools a lot. So a lot of young people have grown up thinking about things like guns or healthcare, or capitalism in a different way. So I know the effect that that has had and I know why people come to my movies and why they come in larger numbers than you would say to a you know, a nature documentary or something like that. So I think I'm. It's a good question, I'm I'm, very self-critical, so I I! Think of it sometimes, as you know, I made this film about General Motors in Flint, and where are we we're? Still, you know President Obama and never should have given General Motors back to General Motors. You know after the government took it over I mean they could have given it back with the mandate. You could have your company back. If you start building cars without the internal combustion engine, if you start building light rail and bullet trains and transportation for the 21st century, that General Motors could do what so we don't have. We still have an enormous amount of gun violence, as this evident every day every week and and we have Obamacare, but 30 million people still don't have a card. If I walk around British Columbia today, how many thousands would I find without a British Columbia health care card? You know not that many, probably maybe nobody, no adult, because it's a right, so we don't have that still what I? What I say to my fellow Americans is that that and why I often put Canada in my films is I'm trying to tell Americans we need to be more Canadian like we'll be a better people. If we are, we don't have to give up our Americanism. We just we just have a neighbor who's kind of showing us. They could mentor us a little bit. It's okay! It doesn't take away our we're number one it just. You know that candidate with no Canadian want somewhere on, say we're number one. You know. Look it's just like they're just there to show us there's a better way to do things. It's not perfect, but it is better.