Let's talk about the impeachment inquiry. Is this this phone call to Ukraine's president? Is this what America needed that Muller couldn't produce? Muller's investigation was so weak in the sense that it produced facts that we already knew and he was unable to even get an interview with Trump. He couldn't force Trump to sit down and be questioned. Bill Clinton had to be questioned, but Trump see people laugh at Giuliani and Trump's lawyers guy named Ty Cobb, but they clearly were geniuses in some weird sense because they protected Trump from ever having to answer a question under oath from the prosecutor and it looked like he must have felt relieved the day of Muller's testimony. We is all thought Muller and we had never been really in front of the cameras or the microphones during the investigation. So we imagine this mythical character: the strong g-man with the broad shoulders investigating the the criminal President Trump and then and then all like The Wizard of Oz. You pull back the curtain and he's sitting at the table and four or five times the the members of Congress had to. He couldn't find the microphone that was right in front of him. It was sad he over a hundred times said I can't answer that I don't want to get involved, I don't want to Wow, it was shocking and it must have been shocking to Trump and Trump sat there and watched that July 24th. The phone call to the president of Ukraine was July 25th, the very next day Trump wakes up after a breakfast of KFC he's buoyed he's he's feeling strong. He really beat the g-men, he beat them all and in his arrogance, wasn't you knowing that a dozen people were listening to the call and were witnesses just went ahead and and broke the law and invited a foreign leader to interfere with our elections? He gonna repeat a victory in 2020. If you would ask me that question two weeks ago, I would have said yes if the election were today, Trump is going to win now after he has so brazenly committed and what I think is an act of treason so publicly and admitted it I, don't even know if he'll be on the ballot. At this point, who is the natural Democratic candidate to beat him well I? Think there's four or five the could be two, but beating Trump is not enough. Hillary beat him beating him, isn't what we have to do. You have to crush him, I, don't know if it's any of the 19 that are running so in order to absolutely crush Trump like if you want to absolutely make sure that Trump is going to lose I'd be running a beloved American and in my mind, that person is Michelle Obama. If everybody as soon as I, say that anybody there oh yeah and then right away, they go. Oh, she wouldn't like she's, not going back there. Do you think Joe Biden could be your guy I like Joe, Biden I've met him a couple times. He's he's uh he's a good guy. We need to inspire the Democratic base. People are very depressed. There is a malaise across the land and next November. Third, your from a little over a year from now we need a person who, when you the American voter wake up in the morning, you can't wait to get out of bed to go vote for fill in the blank, the American electorate next year. Seventy percent of those who are eligible to vote are either women, people of color or young adults between the ages of 18 and 35. That's the Democratic base. So what can be done to first of all pick a candidate? That's going to inspire women, people of color and young people to not only go to the polls, but from bring five to ten people with them. That's what we should be thinking about. That's the strategy.