Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the president and CEO Lockheed Martin Maryland. You see the administrator, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration in right since Luke Armstrong, although commander Neelam's, the Olin near module pilot Buzz Aldrin good afternoon, Ronde Santas governor florida, that's an honor for me to be here to commemorate what was really one of the greatest achievements in the history of our country. When we put these men on the moon and Buzz, thank you for all you've done, you're a great hero. Thank you based on members of the Armstrong family who have come, and you know the sitting up here. That was taking one small step for one man being on the moon, represented a giant leap for mankind and I. Think that we have seen that over the years, one just the fact that we did it after having sent an audacious goal less than ten years earlier, that we would put somebody on the moon. A lot of people didn't think that could be done and it's a testament to the hard work of people like Buzz and Neil Armstrong, but also the United States, being a pre Society and being committed to do great things was able to achieve that and I think that was very, very important, but also you look at what we now know since then about the moon, all the different scientific discoveries just in the last decade. So many really neat things and so I think it's fitting that we're here, I'm at Kennedy, Space Center, not only to commemorate what happened 50 years ago, but also to recognize that that success has spawned really significant developments right now in private industry. We see it here with some of the great companies and great entrepreneurs in the world working hard to send more rockets in space. We see it through the support of the Trump pence administration, which we in this community very much appreciate. It. I want to also thank my friend, Jim bridenstine for really having a great vision as as the director of NASA. So I am excited to look back on that 50 years and what a great achievement it is, but I think the story of that is still being written, because I think the things that are going to happen and the hopefully relatively near future, are going to be really ones for the record books. And if these guys had not succeeded, you know we may not be here being able to enjoy that today and so it's my honor to introduce the director of the Kennedy Space Center here in NASA, which has just been such an iconic place for Space Robert, Kabam, Thank You governor, to send us and thank you for your support, whereas here at KSC in the Space Coast. It's a real pleasure for me to have all of you here at Kennedy, Space Center during this historic week as we celebrate man's first steps on the moon and to continue the conversation that next giant leap. It's going to originate right here at KSC. It's been 45 years since we last set foot on the moon and now our president has renewed the nation's focus on expanding humanity's presence beyond our home planet. Working with US companies and international partners, NASA will push the boundaries of human exploration forward to the moon in autumn to Mars, with the Artemis program, NASA is building the infrastructure for expanding human exploration into the solar system in the Space Launch System rocket in Orion. Spacecraft are the backbone of our exploration plans, along with the modernized spaceport here at KSC, SLS and Orion represent the next era in space exploration with unmatched capabilities. The Orion spacecraft is built to take humans further into space and we've ever gone before and with each milestone. We get that much closer to being flight ready, Orion is the safest, most advanced spacecraft ever built, and it will be flexible and capable enough to take us to a variety of destinations. Our partnership with Lockheed Martin is an integral part of America's mood to Mars exploration approach laid out by President Trump. Today, Lockheed Martin is building and processing the Orion spacecraft right here at KSC for upcoming Artemus missions. It's my pleasure now dear deuce, and welcome Maryland Houston chairman president and CEO of the Lockheed Martin corporation Maryland join Lockheed Martin more than 35 years ago. As an industrial engineer, earlier this year, Time magazine identified her as one of the 100 most influential people in the world. She has served on several US government advisory bodies, including the current appointment to the National Space Council, user's advisory group she's, a fellow and loyal aeronautical society, and an associate fellow in the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics Maryland is a passionate leader with a fervent commitment to innovation in education. Please join me in welcoming Maryland. Mr. vice president, governor descendants, members of Congress and other distinguished guests is absolutely my honor to represent Lockheed Martin today, as we commemorate 50-year anniversary of Apollo 11 and I want to begin first by thanking the vice president United States, because he has worked tirelessly to help government and industry leaders to be empowered to really focus on how we can continue to lead in space as a nation and to continue the legacy of the Apollo program. You know the Apollo 11 mission was a launching pad for decades of leadership by our nation in a range of opportunities that we brought in terms of and allowing us to have scientific discovery and through that many scientific experiments and opportunities that improved our our way of life. But beyond that it has inspired so many and so many generations, since that time, that has allowed them to see what it's possible in this final frontier. So we are very proud of the opportunity meet here today to commemorate that legacy that was left by those who participated in Apollo 11. But since that historic achievement, we are now, as Bob said, very honored to be working with NASA on many critical missions but, most importantly, the next giant leap that we're going to face, and that is taking humans again to the moon. And we are very proud to participate in that with the Orion spacecraft that you can see over here with us today. One of those spacecraft that will be in the next uncrewed mission going forward and then we'll produce those that are moving forward today. I actually had the distinct privilege of introducing to you the individual who's going to be responsible for implementing the administration's vision for the future of America. In our endeavours in space, he began his career in federal service with US Navy. He honorably served as a pilot on the USS Abraham Lincoln, and his experience in the military and in the civilian life as a leader have put him right up front and center to understand what we face in terms of the new space race, a race that is very important to our national security, a race that is very important to continue to advance scientific discovery. So with that as I look at him in the leadership and the farsightedness that he has that are so critical to American programs I'm very pleased to welcome to the stage Jim Wright ensign, the administrator for NASA. Well, as you know, this is a wonderful day today of celebration, not just for NASA and the United States of America, but in fact, for all of the world. I want to thank Marilyn for that great introduction and for your leadership. I know. This is a bigger day for Lockheed Martin, as this for all of us. I also want to thank my good friend, governor Ron DeSantis. We were freshmen together in the House of Representatives, now you're, leaving this great state and I will tell you. Ron de santis is the governor. Who cares deeply about the Kennedy Space Center. He calls me to make sure I know that your governor is doing great work on behalf of the Kennedy Space Center I also want to thank representative Scalise, who is the representative ranking member on the Science Space opening of the Science Committee he's a Texan and I will tell you he. He looks at space from an all of America approach and we're grateful for his service congressman and Congressman Walz. These are two individuals who are keen on the national security aspect of space and has been very helpful to us as an agency, as we think about the future and the strategic of the United States in space and, of course, the most important person in the room, mrs. Karen pence. Thank you for celebrating with us today and, of course, there's somebody else that I would be introducing later. I also want to thank Bob Cabana for helping transform this facility into a multi-user spaceport. There was a day in the United States of America when the space shuttles were retiring, the constellation program was being canceled. Vaughn Cabana had a tough job to do here at the Kennedy Space Center. He is transformed in the way that has maintained the presence, and now we have great news, but in fact the American space program is coming back. It's coming back with a vengeance and I'll be talking about that. More than about command. He's done a great job here, most importantly, it is in order to have with us here one of the Peng who first walked on the moon a half century ago, the legendary the one, and only it is also a pleasure to have Neil Armstrong, son, Rick and grandson grace with us here today. Rick and grace. Thank you for helping us share, Neil's legacy with the next generation of moon, walkers and, most importantly, thank you so much for sharing your dad and your granddad, not just with the United States of America but the entire world. We are grateful for your services landing men on the moon was by far the hardest thing ever accomplished in human history. If they calculated that for every hour of astronauts in a blue space, approximately 1 million work hours on earth were needed, knowing a collective project, not the pyramids, nor the Bambang canal even came close, although when I first started reading, this I was from over 20,000 businesses works ninth day to fulfill president john f kennedy's mission, not just once but six times and lest we forget what were we trying to do in the 1960s? This was a contest of great powers, the United States of America against the Soviet Union, and it was about technological prowess for sure. But more importantly, it was about demonstrating our political was superior to that of the Soviet Union at the time and we Buzz, Aldrin and Neil Armstrong walked on the moon. We were able to demonstrate American greatness despite the intensity of the space race, the electrons Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins, designed the Apollo 11 hatch to represent the intentions of America in the hopes of NASA. The patch depicts an eagle landing on the moon with an olive branch and talons conveying a mission of peace rather than a mission of conquest. The Bible says that one day the nations of the world will learn war, no more and quote beat their swords into plowshares and their spears into pruning. Hooks, unquote in fact, soon after Apollo 11, the United States partnered, with the Soviet Union on what became the apollo-soyuz program decades later, the diplomatic capabilities of space continued to improve the world as American astronauts and Russian cosmonauts have been living and working together aboard the International Space for almost 20 years, crazy, American astronaut and cream working Italian astronaut, Luca parmitano and Russian cosmonaut Alexander support Scott, launched just moments ago in Kazakhstan to join their fellow expedition. 60 crew members aboard the International Space Station another monumental day for NASA, perhaps the most enduring legacy of the moon landings with a countless young Americans. They inspired to join science, technology, engineering and math fields of study. The Apollo program hastened groundbreaking technological advancements. They continued to bestow benefits on modern society. Even today, however, not all administrations in the past have the vision necessary to advance humanity further into the solar system and I know this region of the United in particular, Felton berry park, space shuttles were retired and the constellation program was cancelled. However, today, similar to the 1960s, we too have an opportunity to take a giant leap forward for all of humanity. President Trump and vice-president pence that given us a bold direction as an agency to return to the moon within five years and go forward to Mars their direction is not simply empty rhetoric. They have backed up their vision with budget requests needed to accomplish this objective. Nasa is calling this program the Artemis program we all lost Apollo, but in the Artemis program to go to the moon sustainably, and this time we have a very diverse, highly qualified astronaut corps that includes women and in Greek mythology, Artemis happens to be twin sister of Apollo and she's the concept of them. So this time we in fact go with all America after the 1969 moon, landing, Armstrong, Aldrin and Collins signed a silk screen at Florida plum. This is an interesting story and I don't think it's close enough. It's an interesting story. They flew on Apollo, lay a silk screen hatch and presented it to NASA for safekeeping for the future. The inscription on the package reads quote carried to the moon aboard Apollo 11, presented to the Mars one crew, unquote, looking forward into the future, it is only appropriate that a patch which witnessed humanity's first giant leap should be there for its second giant leap and with the legacy of Apollo and the leadership of President Trump, and vice president thanks NASA's future nation to Mars is fast approaching. It is now that I have to introduce to you the chairman of the National Space Council and the vice president of the United States Mike Pence counter on DeSantis, first lady kc, administrative Brightside, director cabana general Selva, distinguished members of Congress Marilyn Houston, the dedicated men and women of NASA, and especially Rick Armstrong, and the members of the Neil Armstrong family and Apollo 11 astronaut. Buzz Aldrin is my it's great to be back. You John, F, Kennedy, Space Center is vice president and the chairman of the National Space Council, with my wonderful wife, Karen celebrate to celebrate with all of you, the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 11 moon, landing a half a century ago that will be remembered forever. I've been looking forward to this day, but the lab they bring greetings from another great space, enthusiasts great champion of American leadership in space I'd begin today by bringing greetings from the 45th President of the United States of America President Donald Trump. Today, our nation face from you to three brave astronauts at the top of 360 lifted off from pad 39a 50 years ago. This two of them walked on the moon 50 years ago. Today. We also gather to pay tribute to the nearly 400,000 Americans engineers, technicians, designers, whose sacrifices and dedication made it possible for Apollo 11 to complete one another president called the most hazardous and dangerous and greatest adventure upon which mankind has ever embarked. Let's hear it for all those who supported when President Kennedy challenged the nation in 1961 to put a man on the moon and return him safely to the earth before the decade was out. It's important to remember that our country was not yet ready to meet that challenge. We didn't have the rockets or the launch pads or the space suits or the land. We hadn't even invented many of the materials or tools that we would need. Not only did we not have what we needed, we didn't even know what we did. President Kennedy summarized that epic endeavor in one simple sentence: we choose to go to the moon and make no mistake about it. The moon was a choice, an American choice and like every time the American people make up their mind once that decision was made. American ingenuity, grit and determination. The achievement was in evidence. The only challenges that remain were challenges of engineering in science. The moon didn't come easily and it didn't come without cost and it did not come without great danger or without sacrifice. To this day, Americans read the laws of three brave astronauts of Apollo, one who were lost in a fire on the launch pad January of 1967 and we think of them and their families. Today the risks for Apollo 11 were so great. The odds were so long that many feared that even if our astronauts made it to the moon, they might not make it back. In fact, history records that President Nixon prepared a speech in the event of tragedy where he would explain to the nation that the mission failed, but, of course, the mission didn't fit after all, with 400,000 men and women, behind the mission at NASA and with the hearts and prayers of the American people, how could it fail and that the controls, the Apollo 11 lunar module known as eagle, stood two great Americans mission, commander, Neil Armstrong and a man who is with us today? Lunar module pilot, Buzz and circling overhead in lunar orbit was command module pilot Michael Collins, miss fiction 50 years ago today, and almost exactly this summer, Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin were about halfway into their powered descent. On the final leg of their landing of the moon. There they were standing beside one another in a capsule, not much bigger than a couple of telephone booths just minutes from touchdown. They thought they were ready for every contingency. After all, as Buzz told me just a few days ago, they had spent two years intensively training for this moment and they run almost 600 simulated landings. All designed to be more difficult than the real thing. Eagle had just finished its rule over to position itself. The final approach, when all the sudden Neil Armstrong called out to Houston that Eagle had a 1202 alarm. The problem was nobody on board or in Houston have any idea what a 1202 alarm was. Eagles flight computer was overloaded. Not only could they not see the moon out their windows, they they couldn't know for certain how far they were from the surface, not a good way to fly, and yet how calm they were working with team back here on earth. They quickly resolved the problem without betraying the slightest anxiety people all over the world were watching with no idea that anything had gone wrong. That my friends is what they used to call the right stuff. You know, there's a reason. Neil Armstrong as well was called the ice commandment in his day when the original landing area turned out to be so full of large boulders that landing there would have doomed. The mission and the crew history records that Neil Armstrong calmly took control of the lunar module skimmed along the top of the surface of the moon in search for a safe place to touchdown. By the time he found the safe spot known to all of us. His tranquility base, Armstrong and Aldrin, had only 17 seconds of people were made like every one of my generation. I. Remember that 600 million people around the world watching their TVs to their radios, waiting with admiration, anxiety and Wonder and I was one of a little boy sitting in front of our black-and-white television in the basement of our home in Indiana, when those first snowy images of Neil Armstrong stepping off the bottom rung of the ladder beamed down to earth at 10:56 p.m. on Sunday July, 20th 1969. They made an indelible mark, not just on my imagination but on the imagination of my generation and every generation to come. It was a moment so rich in meaning that upon hearing Neil, Armstrong's, first call from tranquility base, even the era's greatest newsman Walter Cronkite could only shake his head and other to words, oh boy, although once the nation held its breath as through the crackling broadcast, we listened to. We heard Neil Armstrong on campus of those immortal words, that's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind. In that moment the men of Apollo 11 did more than help expand our understanding of creation, and they did more than win the space race. They brought together our nation and for one brief moment, all the people in the world would truly now true to their Creed astronauts, have never liked the idea of being called heroes. If, for all, they did for all the risks they took. If Neil Armstrong, Buzz, Aldrin and Mike Collins are not heroes, then there are no heroes. We honor these men today and America will always honor our Apollo astronauts. We honor the men of apollo 11 by remembering their epic voyage and telling their short, but we also honor them by continuing the work they so nobly and courageously advance. In American space exploration, Apollo 11 was followed by five. More successful moon missions, culminating in the final historic journey of Apollo 17 america's last trip, as we honor our Apollo 11 astronauts. We are also honored today to be joined by Apollo 17 astronaut, Harrison Schmitt, as Harrison and I have discussed about his mission. Well, the last words spoken on the moon might not be as well-known as the first words this fellow astronaut Gene Cernan, said more, perhaps than anyone could have known at the time. It's a challenge to our time. As he stepped off the moon on December 17th 1972, he said these words and I quote. If I take Man's last steps on the moon for some time to come. History will record that America's challenge of today has forged a man's destiny, and then he ended by saying we leave the moon as we came and God willing. We shall soon return with peace and hope for all mankind as little words a challenge in 1972 and in our time as president Trump said, this generation of Americans knows that it is America's destiny to be leader among two nations, on our adventure into the great unknown and standing before you today. I am proud to report at the direction of the President of the United States of America America will return to the moon within the next five years, and the next man and the first woman on the moon will be American astronauts at 145 years, where one administration after another chose to limit America's space program to low-earth orbit. President Donald Trump is changeful early in this administration. The president revived the National Space Council within the White House Accord. They all space related activities across the government, including matters related to national security and we've been hard work. The space Council has helped bring together skilled leaders in business and industry to revive and the new America's commitment to human space exploration and I'm pleased that many members of our user advisory group for the space Council are with us today. For this historic occasion join me in welcoming these dedicated and distinguished Americans president from Basel Science Space policy directed one challenging NASA to lead the return of Americans to the moon, send the first Americans to Mars and enable humans to expand and deepen our reach across the solar system. It is our mission and, as I speak to you today, I'm proud to report we're investing in new rockets, new spaceships, we're working with private companies around this country to develop the new technologies of the future by unleashing the burgeoning private space industry, the dots, the landscape of this historic Center in this nation and within the next year, we will once again send American astronauts into space American rockets from American soil already we've, given our human exploration missions of newfound sense of urgency, not seen in more than a generation. Last year, NASA and American innovators began an accelerated design process for both the lunar orbital gateway and the lunar surface space, all of which we will need to support Americans on the moon and to train and prepare to send Americans to Mars. And while we've made great strides in advancing the president's bold vision for space, unlike in years past, we will have the budgets to match it. That's why I'm especially grateful today to be joined by some of the greatest champions of American leadership in space in the Congress of the United States House Minority, Whip, Steve, Scalise, congressman Robert, aderholt, congressman Brian, Babbitt, congressman Bill, Posey and other distinguished members of Congress? Would you please rise and allow us to express our appreciation with strong bipartisan support this president's already signed into law of the largest and that's a budget. Ever on this historic occasion, I'm told that we've also achieved a critical milestone in our effort to go to the moon and beyond. Today, thanks to the hard work of the men of NASA men and women of NASA and an American industry, the Orion crew vehicle for the Artemis one mission is complete and ready to begin preparations for its historic first flight becoming years. American astronauts will return to the moon aboard the Orion and they will return with new ambitions. We will spend weeks and months not days and hours. On the lunar surface, this time we're going to the moon to stay and to explore and develop new technologies. We will extract water from ice in a permanently shadowed. Craters of the South Pole, we will fly on a new generation of spacecraft that will enable us to reach Mars not in years, but in months Americans are leading in space. Once today we were money. We reminded how American leadership. Fifty years ago, the accomplishment of Apollo 11 inspired our nation, as the president said, it ignited our sense of adventure and steeled our belief that no dream is impossible, no matter how lofty or challenging- and it's Buzz Aldrin said today. In his words, looking back on landing on the moon wasn't just our job. It was a historic opportunity to prove to the world America's can-do spirit, I, see, leading human space exploration will carry not all the American ingenuity and pride but, most importantly, will carry America's ideals into the vast expanse of space. That gives a free and litter Apollo 11 is the only event in the 20th century that stands a chance of being widely remembered in the 30th century. A thousand years from now July 20th 1969 will likely be a date that will live in the minds and imaginations of men and women. As long as there are men and women to remember across this world across this solar system and beyond, so today, we remember the heroes of Apollo 11 and all the heroes that supported them in their mission, some 400,000 Americans. But today we also reaffirm our commitment to unlock the mysteries of space and to lead. And as we continue on this American Journey, we go with the same result and determination before and we go with faith faith in the courage of this new generation of astronauts, men and women of the character and caliber of those who have gone before their remarkable pioneers who carry American leadership in space faith in the ingenuity of the men and women of NASA and all of those across the American space and promise whose creativity and tireless efforts in the days ahead will match that of their forebears, who created and invented new ways to explore and expand human understanding with American leadership and finally, I believe, as we go forward its millions of Americans believe in their hearts and hand throughout the generations. That will go forward with faith that, as those pioneers put on the space students climb aboard the Rockets. That will believe that, even if they rise on the wings of the dawn, even if they go up to the heavens, but even there his hand will guide his right hand, the holding fast and that'll be our prayer. Today we marked the 50th anniversary of Apollo 11. We celebrate the heroic astronauts who accomplished that extraordinary feat in human history and all those who supported them, and today we resolve, for the sake of all they accomplish, that America will lead in space once again, and this nation will once again astonish the world with the Heights we reach and the wonders we achieve so may. God bless the crew of Apollo 11 and all who supported them on their historic journey. May God bless this new generation of pioneers and all who will support them and may God continue to bless the United States. You.