That's my husband. He meditates like this every single day for an entire hour. He started the habit about two years ago. At first I was a bit skeptical, but he insisted meditation changed his life I quickly found out. He wasn't the only one hooked on the practice: billionaires like Twitter, CEO, Jack, Dorsey and Bill Gates boast about their meditation routines. Athletes use it before games to help improve their performance. Even schools around the world offer mindfulness classes to students and, of course, there's an app for it. Actually, thousands of them, the most popular ones, headspace and calm headspace, was developed in 2010 and has over 60 million subscribers. It features animated meditation lessons voiced by its co-founder Andy Puddicombe, a former Buddhist monk. Today, meditation training, mindfulness based activities such as mindful walk and then there's the calm app with over two million subscribers. It became a unicorn in February 2019, it's valued at a billion dollars. I think the reason that people are turning to apps is because we're more stressed and anxious than we've ever been before right. There is so much uncertainty in the world there's so much stress people are overworked, they're needing to find peace in their lives, so apps are great in a way that they're, so accessible in a 20-18 study by the CDC meditation was identified as the fastest-growing health trend among adults in the u.s.. In 2012 four point, one percent reported using meditation in 2017 that increased to fourteen point, two percent. So what exactly is mindfulness and what's the hype I started off by experiencing it for myself at Toronto's mindset brain gym? So what you have on your head right now is called a muse brain sensing headband. It's essentially got EEG sensors right on the forehead and behind the ears and we're measuring the brainwave activity generating just take a nice big, deep breath into the belly and a nice slow, exhale out the mouth. Whenever you notice your mind, wandering away from the breath, your focus is gone elsewhere, just catch it observe where your mind went and let the thought go come back to focusing on the breath. This is kind of like a mental bicep curl or a mental pushup. So I was calm for 45 46 seconds. Yes of the five minutes, you were focused for 45 seconds of those, and how long were you active for 22 seconds, so you were actually distracted, only half the time. You were really calm and focused. Okay, not a bad first meditation session and I know what you're thinking, Buddhists and Hindus have been meditating for centuries in the East. The West is simply playing catch-up and you're right, but while this is seen as one of the paths to enlightenment, this type of mindfulness meditation is entirely secular and has been stripped of his religious undertones, which basically makes it more marketable to the masses in the West. There are a whole bunch of different kinds of meditation, but this one particularly trains people to become aware and to notice their experience and when I say experience, I really mean thoughts, sensations and emotions that may just pass through the mind. Mindfulness meditation helps you to become aware of all of that activity. It also allows you to approach it in a way. That's not judging it. In the last few years, neuroscientists have taken a serious look at what is going on up here in the brain when mindfulness is practiced, MRI is found. A physical difference. Gray matter was more dense in areas associated with focus, memory, emotion and empathy. This practice has been associated with structural and functional changes in brain regions that regulate attention and introspective awareness, mainly in the frontal cortex, and also in a grain region called insula. It has also been associated with changes in the hippocampus and other brain regions that are typically associated with learning and memory, as well as changes in cortical midline structures, which are associated with a sense of self. It's also been shown to help reduce stress and anxiety by reducing activity in the default mode network or dmn. That's the part of the brain that activates, when the mind is passively resting, for example, when your mind wanders or your danger email, you start thinking about others ruminating about yourself, remembering the past envisioning, the future anything but being focused on what's happening right now. This could lead to negative thoughts and feeling anxious or depressed when you're meditating. All of your focus is on the sensations you feel throughout your body while breathing. This focused attention actually helps you control this inner chatter and turn it down and builds up the capacity of the attentional and the executive network to be up tuned, so you're getting a little bit more intentionality and a little bit less just being carried away by drifting states of mind or asking yourself questions about, judging yourself or evaluating yourself. In fact, when researchers compared the brains of experienced meditators like monks, they found them to have smaller amygdalas, which is connected to the dmn and activates. When we're stressed all this could eventually translate into how we interact with people in the real world. Someone cuts you off in traffic. The next thing you know you're honking at them, and those are behaviors that are very typical and very habitual, but it may also be that those kinds of behaviors also continue to promote states of mind that are not very helpful, so mindfulness by giving you a window into how you actually feel or think or sense in the body gives you just a moment of pause and a moment of choice in terms of asking yourself. What do I want to do next, because you kind of see what the options are more clearly meditation is definitely not a fix-all. It's just meant to be a complimentary health approach. Some people may feel that when they believe all of the hype around mindfulness that it can actually do everything for them, it can replace you know getting treatment. If you really need it, it can be a kind of magical solution, just like training muscles at the gym, the more you meditate, the better you get at it and the better control you have over the thoughts in your brain. One thing is for sure this is no fad. Mindfulness meditation is likely here to stay, especially in my home, thanks for watching, if you want to stay up to date on the latest, breaking national and international news be sure to subscribe to our Channel, where we also dig into big issues around the world. In our weekly series, global news explains.