What happened yesterday shocked Mississippi and the entire country and the world we've been getting calls from press from from other countries. Now the raid yesterday is not fixing America's broken immigration system. What it is doing is tearing apart a long time, Mississippi residents and their families. This is yet again a family separation event. We in Mississippi say to mr. Trump. No, we are not for your anti-immigration mass deportation agenda, hundreds of families separated and just so that the public knows there are those attorneys. There are churches, there are individuals and there are other families that are working together to try to help those affected by yesterday's raid and, as we were Justin - to do, we will be here not just today, but in the weeks and years to come as we help to rebuild families and rebuild a little bit of what was lost yesterday for our state and humanity. But I want to say this to all of you we're here for a purpose. This is 2019 not 1919 100 years ago, when women was fighting for suffrage. This is 100 years later, and we are here because we tolerate too much of this- we just let it be yes, I would senior citizen this morning. I reminded them all of them that that was a time we went in stores and drive, drive goods and clothing and they wouldn't let us try them on and then wouldn't fit. They wouldn't others bring us back, but we tolerated it too long. I almost want to say is that great, but Roberto Duran said, but no -. No more will we tolerate this, and we are here today to thank you for standing with us in this quest majesta knowing full well that justin will prevail, but for those young children. What evidence solution is this terrible because God's going to continue, these rage should be appalling and reprehensible. Nobody's safer in Mississippi nobody's better off what happened with these rates devastated, hard-working families that are trying to do their best, and now we have 680 families with no income and no way to get income and there's their stranded with nothing. What are their children going to eat? What recourse do they have for anything better? The United States of America and the state of Mississippi has perpetrated a great injustice, and for this immoral and inhumane behavior I pray for our soul. Leave these people alone help them, instead of hurt them, treat them the way that you would want to be treated. If you were a foreigner in a strange land.