So mr. Friday, yesterday evening, Speaker Pelosi announced the House of Representatives will begin what she called an official impeachment inquiry, but really, mr. president, we know that House Democrats have been indulging their impeachment obsession for nearly three years now and never ending impeachment parade in search of a rationale. The very day that President Trump was inaugurated. The Washington Post ran a news sort of this headline. The campaign to impeach president Trump has begun. Dave is inauguration later that year there were articles of impeachment introduced over the president's language. So clearly, this has been an ongoing project for House Democrats, since practically the moment that Secretary Clinton lost the election for months, Democrats insisted that special counsel, Muller's investigation or the work of the Senate Intelligence Committee would prove their theories about a conspiracy between the Trump campaign and Russia. It didn't happen. The facts disappointed them, but the impeachment parade kept marching along and yesterday, even though bipartisan committee investigations into the new whistleblower allegations are under way and just hours after the president offered to publicize the details of his phone call with the president of Ukraine, the dam finally broke. Speaker Pelosi. Couldn't hold back the far-left any longer before any of us even had the facts in hand, she caved to the left and announced an impeachment inquiry. If this all sounds familiar, that's because at the time literally one week ago, the same Democrats were shouting about impeaching justice Cavanaugh. That rush to judgment was on the basis of a sketchy story in a major newspaper that promptly had to publish an enormous correction, but one week later here they go again threatening impeachment without the facts in hand. So look mr. president, Senate Republicans support the established proper procedures for considering this whistleblower report and, in the meantime, while our friends across the capital rush to judgment and dive deeper into their nearly three-year-old impeachment addiction, we'll stay focused on the American people's business.