You people love you you they come here whatever it is. You love our way of life. You love our milk and honey. At least you could pay a couple of bucks for poppies or something like that. These are the words that sparked outrage. The reason why Sportsnet has parted ways with Don Cherry I, don't know why he things like that. The Comets came Saturday night on the weekly segment coaches corner and one day later, sports nets President issued a statement calling the comments offensive. But there was no word on disciplinary measures that came on Monday afternoon in the form of a new statement that says following further discussions with Don Cherry after Saturday night's broadcast, it has been decided. It is the right time for him to immediately step down. People have mixed feelings on the development. I think they're pushing it a little bit too far, sad that this is the way I'd end for the guy right, like after all these years, while others say it was the right choice to make. It was something that was needed to be done to show people in those positions that you guys can't make controversial comments about immigrants. The National Hockey League issued a statement on Monday saying the decision was justifiable, adding the opinions he expressed are in direct conflict with the values of diversity and inclusion that we embrace as pillars of our sport I'm sure he made remarks, which were hurtful discriminatory on Sunday Ron MacLean addressed the controversy I. Owe you an apology too? That's the big thing that I want to emphasize. I sat there. I did not catch, it did not respond. I was glad that Ron stood up and said something, but it's too bad. He couldn't find it himself to do it in the moment, but there's been no public statement from Cherry himself. The 85 year old only quoted in a Toronto Sun article saying I have just learned: I've been fired by Sports Net for comments made on Coach's Corner November 9th in the article cherry is also quoted, saying I know what I said and I meant it. Everybody in Canada should wear a puppy to honor our fallen soldiers. Some experts say cherry has had a history of making controversial statements. I guess the only surprise for a lot of people is it's taken this long, but he lasted till 85. You know throwing zingers out there to the public that seem to always get excused or people slough them off. But the backlash from his most recent comments shows it is something that is not being tolerated. Erika, Vella, Global, News and reaction continues to pour into social media. The hashtags fired on sherry and Don Cherry must go were among several that were shared another hashtag that was used. I stand with cherry, but Twitter Canada says fired on. Sherry has been used 15 times more often than I stand with cherry.