So we're starting with a just a basic general aviation airplane here it gives us something to start with. We don't have to spend a lot of time. Designing an airplane, so we're doing is we're just focusing on the electric systems today. So what you see here is a is a techno airplanes built in Italy and we've modified it with all-electric systems. So that's where the focus of our testing is to look at that. So so, as time goes on, you'll be able to see these technologies actually move into real commercial airplanes, as companies come in and build these for commercial products that people can use. So there's a number of interesting new markets for electric airplanes. The first one is called urban air mobility and there's many many companies trying to get into this this this area. So if you think of like an air taxi, imagine a taxi, but in 3d a vehicle that can lift off the ground and take you around a big city, say 20 to 50 to 100 miles. So that's a really interesting application for electric vehicles, and so you need electricity. Electric vehicles to be able to enable that kind of market, so that's one market, the other one is sort of short haul flights where you have like 20 to 50 passengers. Currently, today, those kinds of airplane designs are too expensive for an airline to actually operate. So when you introduce electricity electric systems, it can make the operations much much cheaper and just enable something that doesn't exist today. So NASA is a government agency. We don't get involved in commercial application and commercial products, so we're developing technologies and then trying to help the certification agencies like in our country, the FAA Federal Aviation Administration. And how are you gonna certify these electric airplanes? You have new electric motors controllers battery systems. How do you make those safe so that we have a transportation mode? That is, you know safe, like playing in a regular commercial aircraft? It's very exciting for us. I know for me, and Kim Williams, the other pilots going to be flying for Armstrong to get back into the crew Derrick's explained. Work is very excited for us. It's cutting-edge technology, so we're really excited looking forward to the challenges. We're gonna know smartly get it done and hopefully what we produce will be beneficial to their community.