Thank you very much. This is governor Billie and he's done a fantastic job of working with FEMA and the federal government and state government and everybody bill, and this is real devastation like you'll, never see. Hopefully again, this was about as big a tornado as you can have. It was 50 miles long, which is extraordinarily long and a very wide one, and you see what's happened. We saw it from the helicopter very well. You did too I just want to. Thank you very much for the great job you're doing we're we're very grateful that you're here Tennesseans are grateful for your support. We had immediate response from FEMA. You gave a emergency disaster declaration, which will be very helpful to the families in this community and all across Tennessee. You've suffered great loss. It's been a it's been a painful tragic week for our state, but Tennesseans are hopeful. God has used volunteers to bring hope to people all across our state, and your presence here reminds us that people all across the country care about what's happening here, so we're grateful. They do. Okay. Thank you. Well, we've just so it much appreciate you being here and showing compassion. You called the other night and express your sorrow and now you've shown up first time a sitting president has ever been in our city and county. We so appreciate that it does show hope compassion to our community into our residents, and we appreciate that very much. We live in a great community. It's been a devastation. Loss of life, like our county, has never seen in its history, but the outpouring of love and support from our community, our first responders and the other great group of folks. It's been a it's been announced, anding response with those folks and from the community. All the local support you come in here today just puts a big asterisk on the end of that and shows that the corporation we've had from the federal government, the state government for the government. You has been absolutely amazing. We have never seen them before. I've been emergency services for 35 years before Canton County mayor. We have never seen that cooperation or response that we have seen from your administration and from this state's ministry. Okay, thank you. Yes and your instant declaration for our community's last night, thank you, they're great people, it's a great state and what is the final cap of death in the state itself? The entire state we had 25 Tennesseans lost their lives in this many injured, thousands without homes and power and supplies, but Tennesseans have showed up we're there. Long, tear state we've shown up by the thousands to surround our neighbors and to provide hope and without assistance, and it's been inspiring and and we're gonna we're gonna overcome this state knows how to do that. That's who we are that's what we do and government can do so much, but only the people can really provide the hope and they're and they're doing just that in Tennessee. Thank you. We're gonna see some of the people that really survived some, not in good shape and some in very good shape, incredibly in good shape, but anybody in these homes. This is a swath that it went right through on this side on this side of the street and obviously anybody at these homes for the most part that were killed given very little warning. They get a phone call, hey, there's a tornado and boom it's on him. They just they just appeared, and it's we're working very hard. Fema is doing a great job, they're doing a great we're told to the absolute question. Thank you very much. You have any questions. Well, I do have a message and I have a message for the families of those that lost their lives and we love them. They're special people. It's an incredible place, incredible state tremendous heart already, you see people rebuilding and it took place literally hours ago a couple of days and they were already rebuilding I've, never seen we were flying over. You see there, the blue roofs going up. That's all over the place, they're just great people, it's a great state and they have great leadership in this state and that's why it's working out like it is, but still 25, people at least, and some really very badly hurt very, very badly hurt. The mayor was telling me some of the houses came down and they got here right after that happened, and people are walking out of the houses, and you might explain that what that looked like it was just it's a war zone and it's the middle of a nod, it's very, very difficult to maneuver that, but the first responders. We can't say enough about the first responders that were here when, in you know they run in when everybody else is running out and they ran in and took care of these folks and police and fire and EMS and we're it was an amazing night. We had people that were they were so disoriented. They were wandering out down the roads and through the fields and the woods trying to get to safety and figure out where they could go, and our great group of responders took care of them immediately and we're so sad. They didn't know what happened just all of a sudden they're watching television or something and all of a sudden they were outside walking on the street. There was one young boy, I heard he he was taken out of the house and he was one man he's in his house. The next minute he's laying his yard a couple of blocks away. Here's another family was the husband huddled over the the wife and child and the roof came off and he was sucked out. They were all sucked out in the yard they survived, but I think it's important to note too that here in cook floor in Putnam County, while there was 25 deaths in the state, 18 of them were right here in our city and county, eight of them on this particular Street, and so you know we can continue to ask for prayers for air community for those families that are gonna, be burying people in the next over the next week and yeah we're doing it as we're doing it now. We're gonna also I think stop at the church where there are a lot of people huddled up in the church. It's a cold day and they're all huddled up. We're going to go to the church. Also we're seeing some of the people over here we're looking at different options, different options. We did get tremendous job numbers this morning. They were you know. If you had the 80,000 to the 270, you know they were talking in the two three hundred and fifty thousand range, but right now, that's not something we want to be talking about. Okay, thank you very quickly. Almost momentarily I did it. The mayor called the governor called me. We had calls from a lot of people that was an immediate emergency, but we spoken. We approved it within minutes of the call to be determined what they need, we're going to take care of what they need, we'll be doing assessments and that's helps determine what the numbers will be. The way it works is, as we determine the amount, that's how the numbers will be assessed and that's how that what the assistance will be. Much of that money goes to help the people that can just wiped out it wiped out. They have nothing and- and many and many people dies well, I, love them. I love them very much. That's why I'm here some people wouldn't be here. There was no way that I wasn't gonna stop here. First and I was going to do it yesterday, but they asked me for one more day because they they were looking for. They were looking for bodies, believe it or not up until just now that now they pretty much covered everything but and just God be with them and we're going to be with them we're going to be with them all the way and I can tell you, the governor feels the same as I do, and the mayors I want to just congratulate because the job you've done everybody's talking about it. They haven't slept in 48 hours. Neither of you come to think of it. So we're going to go, see the people now and say hello to them and do whatever you can do it stuff. A lot of them have lost people within the family. One family got entirely wiped out. There was one case, though I heard a young man was a 8 year. Old boy was ripped out flown to a certain area and dropped off at the street two or three blocks away, and they found him walking and he said I just flew in the air and he was walking down the street two blocks away from his home and how did his parents? We don't we're, not sure exactly how they turned out. They would so it took him, and he said, I was carried by the air away from my house, and his parents were killed and his sister you.