Well, thank you very much for coming today. It's my privilege to award our nation's highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom, to a remarkable man, Jerry West, the Jared like to congratulate you on this tremendous achievement and congratulations to your family, we're delighted to be joined by Jerry's, wife, Karen and their wonderful family, and thank you very much everybody. We look at that family huh. You did a good job. That's beautiful! We're also pleased to have with us Senator Joe Manchin and governor Jim Justice, two terrific people Jim. Thank you stand up John in case they can't see you now. You can see that's great great to have Joe. Thank you very much. Thank you both for being here, they're busy, they're, very busy people and I think we're gonna meet on a certain subject later on Joe and that's good. Jerry was born in Sheila and West Virginia in 1938, the fifth of six children. He grew up hiking in the woods fishing in the Clearwater and exploring the beautiful mountains of West Virginia. A great great state, I shouldn't, say this Joe, but I wanted by 43 points. That's a lot. We love West, Virginia, probably helped you getting this who are today when you come from West Virginia. We like you Jerry, but the more than anything else, but Jerry like doing is playing basketball in West Virginian, starting at age. Six. He taught himself on the dirt surfaces of his neighborhoods back yard. When he rained his sister would call him and say it's: it's called the mud wallow. Do you remember that at all Jerry the mud wallow, but nothing ever stopped him Jerry later reflected that everything I did I tried to do perfectly, not just well but perfectly, and it hasn't changed, I, don't think too much as it. We ended a great great senior year. Gerry spent it in high school, with a West Virginia scoring record of 1501 points. Approximately 60 major colleges and universities tried to recruit Jerry, but he decided very intelligently to stay in West Virginia and he went to West Virginia University in 1956 donning his famous number 44 Jersey. He said 17 mountaineer records was named the NCAA's most outstanding player in 1959 and was a two-time consensus. All-American Wow West Virginia won 87 percent of the games. In which Jerry was in the lineup and won the Southern Conference all three years he played varsity after graduating Jerry played on the 1960 US Olympic team, which swept every matchup, including a much anticipated showdown with the Soviet Union. In that game, Jerry was the highest scorer accounting for nearly a quarter of America's points, and to this day the Olympic gold medal is his most prized possession is that still so, Jerry then joined the Los Angeles Lakers. We all know that, and in the years that followed, he was to become a legend and made plays that will be remembered forever. I know many of them in a January 1962 game against the New York Knicks Jerry scored nearly half of the Lakers total setting a personal scoring record of 63 points in less than 40 minutes in Game, three of 1962 Finals against the Celtics Jerry rallied the Lakers and tried and tried very hard I will tell you he tried so hard and it was a great rally and he was up 115 to 115, with only three seconds left. The Celtics had the ball and Sam Jones. He was a good one. Sam Jones, they were all good on that team. Passive. Oh that's, very Bob Cousy, who was here a few weeks ago and I. Don't know if he'd want this? Oh so we will tell it very quietly, but Jerry suddenly rushed forward, stole the ball before it reached kuzey and made a layup in the final second to win the game in that iconic 1962 season, Jerry Jerry earned the nickname of mr. clutch, the name that stuck over the course of his 14 NBA seasons. He broke the record for the most points. Scored in the history of the Lakers was named the NBA Finals MVP and was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame. But perhaps the greatest commemoration of his legacy was the legendary playing career is the NBA logo. Today the silhouette of Jerry West is displayed on every uniform court and basketball in the league. Still the same one after his playing career ended in 1974 Jerry wanted to coach the Lakers for three seasons and later served as general manager and executive vice president of basketball operations for nearly 20 years in the summer of 1996, he succeeded in securing both Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O'neal to truly great players, creating an unstoppable force in the NBA. Under his management, the Lakers won four championships and he was named executive. The Year in 1995 Jerry went on to serve as the president of basketball operations for the struggling Memphis Grizzlies. Where took them to the playoffs three times who was named executive the year again in 2004, he then joined the executive board of the Warriors. Recently he became a consultant for the Clippers and helped sign. Why Leonard, who really has played he's some players? We were that and the combination of the two of them is going to be a very interesting season. I think you're, pretty proud of that group. Yes, we're gonna see you had some great ones. Jerry is one of the greatest negotiators, managers and executives in the history of the NBA, in addition to his sterling professional career, Jerry helped raise millions of dollars for charity in Los, Angeles contributed to a flood of relief efforts in West, Virginia and generally just incredible supporter of West Virginia and West Virginia University he's also brought awareness to the risks of our Trail fibrillation. Oh I didn't know that Jerry, that's very good and as a passive supporter of our nation's veterans, Jerry works harder than just about anybody. I can imagine helping our nation's veterans. Jerry West is one extraordinary American and I'm now like to ask the military aid to come forward and present Jerry Allen West with the Presidential Medal of Freedom. This is so richly deserved. Thank you very much. Thank You Jay Geri Allen West is one of the greatest basketball players in sports executives of all time. After an outstanding collegiate career at West, Virginia University mr. West played 14 seasons in the NBA all with the Los Angeles Lakers, making the all-star team each year in 1972. Mr. clutch helped lead the Lakers to their first championship. A few years later, he was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame after his playing career. Mr. West was a legendary NBA general manager responsible for building the Laker juggernauts of the 1980s and 2000's. The United States now proudly honors Jerry West, whose excellence and determination have made him a true basketball, icon begin. You know it never ceases to amaze me the places you can go in this world chasing about a chase bit began in Chilean West Virginia, where I strung a wire basket with no net to the side of a bridge. If you shot didn't go in the ball rolled down, the Long Bay you'll be chasing it forever, so you've got to make it. I was a dreamer. My family didn't have much, but we have a clear view of Appalachian Mountains and I, like I'd, set alone on our front porch, and wonder if I ever make it to the top of that mountain. What, while see on the other side, well, I did make it to the other side and my dreams have come true. I've been able to see it, I've been able to see the sides. Thanks to all, thanks to that bouncing ball, I spent my childhood in West Virginia and my adulthood in Los. Angeles, two of the most profoundly different places in this country and have been shaped by wonderful people in both I would never made it through West Virginia University without and an RD a surrogate mother of sorts who gave me a room in her home in her house and constantly fed me to pack weight on my 160 pound frame. She cussed me when I needed it and boy that was a lot like the time. I fled back home before my freshman year personally convinced that I did not belong in college and hug me when I needed it, which was probably at the same time and was strong sassy Italian, not so much different than another, incredible woman that eventually met in Los Angeles Mary. Thank you Karen for accompanying me in tolerating me on this long rich American journey I've experienced a country at war, a country at peace, a time when we huddled around a radio with terrible reception to hear President Roosevelt's weekly addresses. To a time when we read on our cell phone president Trump's instantaneous, tweets you're, pretty good I suffered excruciating losses both personally and professionally. I'm, not gonna, say how many a NBA final losses, those damn Celtics and exhilarating victories, but the one I cherished most was with a group of fellow America meters at the 1960 Olympics, as I stood on the gold medal standing next to my friend and soon-to-be adversary, Oscar Robertson I thought about my brother David, who had died, fighting in Korea when I was 13 and how proud I was to represent the United States of America in West Virginia in a state of West Virginia I tried in my life to do for others. What David did for me lead, protect and assist whenever possible. The David Wesson Willie Akers academic center at West, Virginia University, is a place where I hope, young men and women in my home state can also dream about the top of the mountain and take the first steps towards realizing those dreams. I am surrounded here today by my wonderful family, although my sister, Hannah and Barbara are not able to make this trip. I've been blessed with five remarkable sons: David Michael, Moore, Brian and John I've been privileged to work for four fantastic basketball franchises. The Los Angeles Lakers were celebrated in most memorable triumphs, where I've worn the most painful setbacks and partnered with a true visionary, Jerry Buss to change the landscape of professional sports. Michael Heisley, the Memphis Grizzlies gave me the opportunity to rebuild a franchise looking for its way. The Golden State Warriors, where I witnessed some of the most beautiful basketball ever played alongside a most unique and successful ownership group, and now the LA Clippers I work with incredible and an inspirational leader, Steve um and maybe I'm being prejudiced, but the best staff that I've ever known, I've had many great coaches and teammates I will never forget. As a player, I was flanked by the great Elgin Baylor, the most supportive and the greatest player of that era, and later the great Wilt Chamberlain as an executive I've, been just as fortunate I have been involved, with truly incredible group of the greatest players who have ever played you scream Kareem worthy Maji, Shaquille Kobe, with the Lakers Steph Klay Kevin at the Golden State Warriors, and now Kawhi Leonard and paula jory, with the Clippers I marvel at them at the joy. They brought basketball fans all over the world. The bouncing ball brought me hit there, and here when Kurt Caron, first read on the internet, that I was going to receive the Medal Presidential Medal of Freedom. We were both shocked and surprised and amused. I thought it was a joke. When then, when the West, Virginia, Senator, Joe Manchin confirmed the honor I'm sure he had a big part in selection. Thank you Joe for being here today and also my friend, the governor of West Virginia Jim justice, I appreciate you here. They today also Jim I, looked at the list of other honorees and was aspired by the names of someone that Paige Warren Buffett and Bill Gates philanthropic champions, Nelson Mandela, Martin, Luther, King, Cesar, Chavez's, Samoa, Simon, Wiesenthal and Desmond Tutu, legendary leaders, Muhammad Ali, Bill, Russell, Kareem, abdul-jabbar, athlete activist Michael, Jordan, Tiger, Woods, Stevie, Wonder excellence, personified John, Wooden, Frank, Robinson, Arnold, Palmer and Vin Scully friends, I try to emulate I swear. My name is going to look like a misprint on this list. Mr. president, thank you for you for me, including me on this incredible group of people, marriage to a great golfer, Michelle Wie. It's a great honor, this great man, a great player.