Hello: everyone bozo Meza me now, friends, I, don't know about you, but I'm ready for some real change in Ottawa a party that will deliver friends. Are you ready for universal Pharma care for all? Are you ready for affordable child care? Are you ready for a Canada that's going to live up to its commitments to fight the climate crisis? So am I and my friends? Are you excited to get this election going now? First, I want to acknowledge that we are on the unceded territory of the Mississauga's of the credit Janish nabe, the Chippewa, the Haudenosaunee and the when dot people and Toronto is covered by treaty. Thirteen with the Mississauga's of the credit. This acknowledgement is more than words, it's a commitment to work in partnership towards true reconciliation. Now. Thank you all so much for coming we're here today to welcome some great candidates, we're welcoming Brian daya's from Whitby Diane Yoon from Spadina Fort York Sarah Wallen from Durham japhet tower day from York South Weston yeah yeah Jen from Scarborough north Kingsley Kwok from Scarborough Rouge River Bryan Chang from Toronto Centre Laurie Campbell from Waterloo Maria Oh Mary from Humber River fog, Creek, Barbara, Doyle from Halliburton court. The lakes Brock Jerome Adamo from Oakville Lea castle Kelsey from willow down I shut jankoji R from Guelph Matthew Greene from Hamilton, yes, sooth Malik from Hamilton West, a gasser done - Allison sillas from Flemington glam brooke Cranbrook Nicky Clarke from Mississauga molten lentil Eve dupuy from Burlington Jordan Boswell from from Brampton Centre sangwich eat sing from Brampton East Melissa Edwards from Brampton north mende car from Brampton south now, beaker from Brampton West Nicholas Thompson from Don Valley East, Laurel McDonald's from Don Valley West and drew cash from Davenport Franco gasps Berlin from Etobicoke lakeshore Paul Taylor from Parkdale high Park Heather bickerson Wong from Etobicoke Centre Shanley Pena pendejo from Oshawa main.m from beaches, East York, Keith McGrady from Scarborough southwest Andrea fuss. Kids Jimin is from York's York Center dan Jansen from Barry South, Weber or OMA Dante South's bring water or Madan tape these amazing candidates and for this riding mints Oakley, let's hear from it so clay and all the other amazing candidates joining us today. I actually know that I've missed one Alok Mukherjee for st. Paul's one hour ago was nominated what a great team of candidates. What a great team of future MPs, who we can count on to stand up for the Toronto Greater Toronto region, Wow, it's wonderful to see so many familiar faces. Yeah now, as I was biking over here, I passed by some of the affordable housing buildings units they're built by a city, councilor called Jack, Layton I, remember: Jack's, passion to fight for people who have no homes and I. Remember Jack's anger when he witnessed indigenous families having to sleep in shifts because their homes are just too small and then I recall. Recently. The Parliamentary Budget Officer reporting that Trudeau's future housing plan for indigenous families is less than half the funding provided over the previous 10 years. Yep. That's right! Less than half the funding over the last 10 years. You heard me less than the Harper years subs substantially lower. Now, not only are those desperately needing housing are going to get less support. Half of Canadians indigenous children are chronically living in poverty. We saw the storms, we know there is a climate crisis and we know there long waits and emergency wards, and that is the record of the Trudeau liberals. For year in government now, NDP leader Jack me sink gets it. You know why, because they understand hardship, he experienced it himself and when I saw him connecting with people who are struggling. While my friends I see a lot of Jack Layton in Jack meat sing. That is why Min Seok Lee is going to take backs. Rondo, stand for and pain gun, riding orange again now, I remember how my dad connected with everyday people with people struggling to make ends meet people like Victor, who was struggling to get around our city in his wheelchair and was being ignored by most politicians in our city. I. Remember how the death of a homeless man Eugene upper on Spadina shook him to his core. Jacque taught us to never forget who you're fighting for and who you're in it. For now, I learned many lessons that I still carry to this day, and maybe the most important lesson is not to listen to the naysayers, not to shy away from the tough fight and I have had I have had the opportunity to work with Jack, Mead and watch him since he became leader of the NDP, and let me tell you, jag meets him saying: has that same fighting spirit. He knows who he's working for not the wealthy and well-connected they're already well represented by other parties, he's in it for you and that's why he will make a great Prime Minister of Canada. So, my friends, are you tired of - those broken promises? Are you tired of government that can find four billion dollars to buy a pipeline and very little money for building affordable housing? Are you tired of the same old parties signing with the rich and powerful elites? So are you ready for someone who is fighting for you in it for you? So please join me in welcoming to the stage the next prime minister, the first racialized Prime Minister of Canada Jack me sing. Wow Wow, look around. You look at this room. This is amazing. Thank you so much for being here today. Thank you before I go any further. I want to acknowledge the traditional territories that were gathered on I. Think it's always important to take a moment to do that. So today we are gathered on the traditional territories of the Mississauga's of new credit, the Anishinaabe, the Chippewa, the Holden nashoni and the when debt people's and Toronto itself is covered by treaty 13 with the Mississauga's of credit of new credit. Now, when we acknowledge the lands were gathered on, it's not enough to just acknowledge the lands and the people, we also have to acknowledge the in justices that the first people of this land have endured historically and ongoing and commit collectively to remedy it. So true, reconciliation is more than just words. It's about remedying that injustice. Injustice like what the Human Rights Tribunal just released a couple days ago, the fact that indigenous children were found to be recklessly and deliberately discriminated by the Canadian government. So we want to put an end to that to make sure that never happens again and that's why we knew Democrats are committed to putting into law in Canada the United Nations declaration on the rights of indigenous people. So right now, a lot of people are thinking about their friends and family in Atlantic Canada hurricane durian hit and it devastated a lot of communities. Hundreds and thousands of Canadians in Atlantic Canada are without power and they're in a really tough way. So we want to stand in solidarity with the people. Our brothers and sisters make sure that their safety is paramount, send word to your family and also acknowledge the work of the first responders, who we're dealing with a really tough time right now, I gotta give a really huge. Thank you to Olivia and Mike. It was beautiful to have you onstage right now to hear your words I'm honored I'm touched. Thank you for continuing a powerful legacy. Thank you. So much I'm, pretty sure everyone in this room or many people in this room have stories of how Jack inspired them or mentored them. All of us in some ways are probably here today because of the inspiration that Jack led and the movement that he built I remember when I first met Jack. He took me to this side. I was running as a candidate to become a member of parliament in the 2011 election and we were just finishing up the Casa de Parade. So he took me to this side and he said to me: you know a lot of people are gonna. Tell you, because we've never won in in Brampton that it's not possible that it can't be done. People gonna tell you that our dream of building a better Canada, where no one's left behind they're gonna tell you it's impossible that it can't be done, and he looked at me and the eyes he said to me: don't let them tell you it can't be done and when he said that I could feel how much he meant it and I believed it. I believed in that moment. Yes, we can do anything if we've come together. We work hard. We can turn those naysayers around and we can get it done so I have to say it fills me with a lot of pride when I think about the amazing country that we live in. It's a beautiful place. It's an incredible country when I think about when I was a kid, though I, never imagined that someone that looked like me could ever run to be prime minister. But now, but now kids come up to me and say: seeing you do this I feel like I can do anything. I can be anything that I want. That's pretty cool, that's pretty inspirational! You know this is a country where we believe in taking care of one another. We believe in taking care of each other. We're gonna run a campaign built on that value. We're gonna bring a message that is hopeful that we can build the country of our dreams, a country where everyone has a place to call home health health care when you need it: clean water to drink and clean air, to breathe a good job and a bright future. My friends over the course of my life I've had the opportunity to meet with thousands of Canadians from across this country to hear their stories their hopes, their hopes for themselves for their kids and for the future from the schoolyards growing up in st. John's, Newfoundland Labrador and Windsor - representing Brampton, and now the great community of Burnaby everywhere I go I meet people who are working hard, they're looking to be treated fairly and they want to build a good life for themselves. These are the people the New Democratic Party has always worked for. These are these? Are the people I'm in it for but for too long in Ottawa, the government in Ottawa, liberal and conservative have been making life easier for the rich and harder for everyone else. Conservative and liberal governments have made the richest corporations pay less and less, and it's costing Canadians more and more new Vavoom doesn't be Willy. Please continue that depletion. Bluefish impale, a majority de la population continue the Napa, Valley, mammoth, intosh and PE Willy, gouvernment, conservatory, Libby hoe can say down unless a sand stallion system, key profit or ich Aquila stone. Bella has don't when you now now. What does this mean for everyday people? I get a little glimpse of that that frustration and that anxiety that people have right now when I think about what I went through with my family, when we were struggling with my father's addiction and job loss. At that time, the uncertainty and the fear and the worry the pressure to make ends meet was all-consuming so trying to figure out how to how to make men and ends meet. It's tough, but I see that everyday in families more and more people are struggling to get by it's tough, for so many families. Those are the people I'm in it, for that's who we're in it, for that's who we're in it, for you know we're in it for the young person who is working, two jobs for minimum wage to try to pay off their student loan that the government is still charging interest rates on now. She doesn't get why the Liberal government is sticking it to young people when they just rode off in one year alone, six billion dollars in corporate loans, we're in it for the mom who just changed jobs and lost your Medicare coverage, her health care coverage and, as now racking up credit card bills just to pay for the medication that her kids need. Now she doesn't get why she doesn't have any coverage now, when liberal governments have promised it the time before and the time before, her and the time before, we're in for young people, this young generation of people who are taking to the streets and telling us it's time to wake up to the climate urgency to the climate crisis, that's putting everything at risk. They don't they don't get why the Trudeau government spends 4.5 billion dollars on a pipeline and let the biggest polluters off the hook. You know I'm in this for this 10 year old kid that I met he's living with a chronic illness born with it he's got to take injections and medication and blood work and he's okay with his illness, but he's just worried about how much his medication costs his parents a ten-year-old kid that feels like he's a burden to his parents. That's just wrong, but why does this kid feel? Like he's a burden? Why are people feeling this way? Well, let's look at Trudeau's track record to figure it out. Liberals met with big pharma and insurance companies 875 times and the result is Canadians are paying some of the highest prices for drugs in the world. Now Trudeau's government also met with the well-connected lobbyists of the big telecom industry. They met with them 565 times now. As a result, Canadians are paying some of the highest prices in the world for cell phone and Internet services, and on top of that, this government is giving 50 million dollars in government subsidies to Rogers, Bell and Telus, and on top of that, Trudeau and his government had over 1500 meetings with the oil and gas sectors. So it should come as no surprise, then that why liberals broke a promise to end the billions of dollars of subsidies and why they spend 4.5 billion dollars of your money to buy a pipeline see. The thing is judo says the right words in public, but in meetings behind closed doors, he's ready to do anything that his corporate buddies ask him to do my my friends four years ago, judo charmed us with some pretty words and a lot of empty promises, and just like decades of past governments, mr. Trudeau has been caving in to the demands of those at the very top. The richest corporations, it's clear, Justin Trudeau is not who he pretended to be, and my friends and Russia is not going to be any better. The Conservatives are not the answer. Harper made the clamp the plan to cut 30 billion dollars in our healthcare services. Trudeau put that plan in action and mr. shears just gonna. Keep that plan in place or maybe make it worse. Mr. shear is gonna keep on cutting cutting taxes for the very rich sure, but it's gonna cut health care and the services that you and your family are counting on. That's exactly what Stephen Harper did that's what Doug Ford is doing right now here in Ontario. That's I! Guess people don't like dog for it very much here, but that's what conservatives always do. They'll offer you a little bit of money but you'll pray, the price with more expensive drug coverage, more expensive health care, more expensive homes and cell phone bills, more expensive child care, more expensive tuition and a never worsening climate crisis. Mezzanine Jacques, Attali liberally, conservator, VN, lon, say in point: yi Deshawn Sheila table espero, machete vodka, salons poor, not racket on the Ronettes enoki, some V end Oscar was at Andre Libya ho le conservative sachets excuse but continued a deferred de kado, a seeking amount per. So this election is clear. It comes down to a very clear choice: who can you count on to fight for you, friends, I love, Canada, I, love this country and I believe we can make it even better. This election New Democrats are proudly offering something different, a new deal for people. We can expand on Medicare to cover prescription drugs for all and then extend it to dental care, mental health and vision care. We can do it, but only if we stand up to the big lobbyists of the big pharma and insurance companies, we can build more affordable housing, starting with 500,000 new homes to ease the housing crisis. We can do it, but only if we take on money launderers and speculators, we can provide leaf relief for Canadians now paying some of the highest prices in the world for cell phones and Internet. We can do it, but only if we stand up to the large telecom companies and we and we can act now to cut climate pollution and create 300,000 more jobs in a clean economy. We can do it, but only if we have the determination to stand up to the big polluters and end fossil fuel subsidies. Now some are gonna say that this can't be done that we can't afford it, but my friends, we're gonna, do something else too, something that the Liberals and the Conservatives would never do. We are gonna. Ask the people at the very top to pay a little more. We are gonna end offshore tax havens, close the loopholes, we're going to close the loopholes and we're gonna put a tax on people who have net wealth of over 20 million dollars. Now we all have different reasons for why we go out a part of became a part of this movement. We think different people that we're fighting for the reasons why we want to make things better. There's lots of reasons that we're coming together and I know it's not easy. It's tough to fight for a better future and I. Think about what my mom always told me. She told me: you've got to have chardikala now. George Nicola is is rising spirits, but not just any sort of rising spirits. It's the courageous optimism in the face of hopeless odds when you dig deep and you keep on pushing forward in a lot of ways and a lot of ways. That's the essence of what it means to be new democrat fighting for. What's right, despite how hard the odds are now now, each of you has your own reason for why you believe in the power of working together and my friends, we will deliver for people, but only for bold. Only. We have the courage to take on the powerful interests at the very top condone verdict, rizzuto different and fulfilled a show, different, app relevant in October si vous voulez on Hoover ma ki Tov I pour vous l for Ileana cap kiss a buckaroo. Now now we have a really exciting opportunity. We've got 43 days to show Canadians how we can make a difference for them and we're ready to go right. We're ready to go and we've got a terrific team of candidates here in Toronto and a team of candidates from coast to coast to coast a team that truly represents the Canada we live in and we're gonna reach out to people in all their communities. We want people to know we're all in it for you and when Canadians come to choose who to trust who to trust with their vote. I want them to know, we won't let them down. We can only do this if we come together. So are you ready, my friends? Will you work hard to deliver on our commitments to Canadians? Will you bring? Will you help me bring our message to Canadians across this city and across this country? Will you help us knock on doors and make phone calls and put up signs in this election, and will you Jeanette? Will you donate whatever you can to make a difference for people? Will you join us on this great journey to build an even better Canada, then my friends, let's get started. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.