There is a story just breaking in Time magazine. It says that Justin Trudeau wore brown face back in 2001 at an Arabian Nights party when he was teaching at a private school. The Prime Minister's office has confirmed that this was mr. Trudeau in the photo. They say it was an arabian night and it was back in 2001 before he was prime minister before he was a politician, I'm wondering what you think about this. What your initial reaction is this story in time? Well, it's troubling, and it's really it's insulting anytime. We hear examples of brown face or black facing it's really it's it's making a mockery of someone for what they live and what the relived experiences are. I think he needs an answer for it. He's got to answer the question why he did that and what does that say about what he thinks about people who, because of who they are because of the color of skin, face challenges and barriers and obstacles in their life? Racism is real. People in this room have felt it I've heard. The stories I've experienced in my life he's got to answer those questions. Justin Trudeau is expected to address the media tonight that are travelling with him on the election campaign, I'm wondering what you would like to hear from him and what you think that he should be saying to the public I think what what this show is is something that that we've seen some examples of now. It seems to be a pattern. Behavior, we see one mr. Trudeau in public that seemed I'll be honest. He seems really nice right, very friendly, very warm in public, putting behind closed doors. It seems like it's a different mr. Trudeau behind closed doors, we saw at a private fundraiser when activists who were saying that our community is being poisoned by mercury people from grassy narrows they put up a sign, saying: hey, our communities are being poisoned. What are you gonna do about the fact that people are dying in our community that are suffering because the mercury poison he mocked them and said? Thank you for your donation, while the crowd of wealthy fundraisers, the attendees of the fundraiser, clapped on and jeered these protesters I mean on one hand. He says that indigenous communities are are the most important relationship, but then behind closed doors, he mocks people, they didn't attack him. They said our people are suffering from mercury poisoning and he mocked those people. I mean what type of behavior does that show from a prime minister who mocks people or saying this I want to say who is the real? Mr. Trudeau is there who we see in public or the one behind doors that forgives loans for corporations by makes students pay three billion dollars? Who is a real mr. Trudeau? Is it the one behind closed doors, the one window, the cameras are turned off and when no one sees is that the real mr. Trudeau, because more and more that seems like it is.