General Eric, can you comment on the reservists and okay? What is the military to do that? So I'm not going to talk specifics about about this one case. What I will tell you? We have absolutely no time for those that do not hold the values of the Army and the Canadian Armed Forces and the values of Canada close to their heart, so the values of diversity, inclusion or respect for others, teamwork. That's that's who Canada is that's who we are protecting and those that do not embrace those values, those that do not protect those values have no place in this organization. So when we find out that there is a case, we act decisively, we don't act rashly because another one of our values is respect for the rule of law and due process is, is part of that. But we will act decisively when, when a case becomes known, so I have to thank the reporter. Who did bring that to our attention for for bringing that information forward. The fact that it took a reporter to identify that what does that speak to the military's own ability to identify these types of people, and so when we, when we find out that that members hold these views or acting in ways contrary or are not aligned with our own values? We act. We are not omnipresent and omnipotent, and so we have to be able to see ourselves and gather information from all sorts of different sources, and the media is one of them. Do you worry that there's people have more people out there that you just don't know that we can never be a hundred percent 100 100 percent sure do I believe in my heart that this is systemic. Absolutely not what, when it comes to our attention that there are those who have views of not are not aligned with our values, we're gonna act. Do you think the military doesn't have resources to be able to actually track this kind of thing, especially reservist? It's a you know, that's a great question and it comes down to a case of knowing our people, but the challenges you're dealing with with individuals. We have to respect their privacy as well, and so we have to find that balance, but rest assured, we will take decisive action when we find that individuals are harboring these types of beliefs, absolutely if it reflects poorly on the institution. We can take both disciplinarian administrative action.