Order this is the result of the fourth and final ballot. 540 ballots were cast awesome. He gave other oppressing engagements taketh away, I'm serious business. The number of votes cast for each candidate was as follows: Chris Brant, 213 silenzio oil 325 to balance were spoiled. Silenzio oil has obviously secured more than 50% of the ballots cast so the basin for the house. The question is that sir Lindsey Hoyle takes the chair of this house as Speaker. As of our that opinion, say aye for the country, no I think the eye is heavy. The eyes. Have it I invite some Lindsey royal to take the chair of the House? Oh no clapping, yeah ooh can I just say mr. Clark. Thank you for the way that you've we've kept you longer than expected. I really appreciate it. You've been stuff first on the job that you've done. It really is appreciated. God just say. Thank you to all that comes of it who ever had been selected would have made a great speaker and I've got to say those who withdrew Sir, Henry, Bellingham and Shelley Farah. We thank you for the way that you wanted to ensure that we didn't stay another two legs. Of course it is about the campaign as a discussed. It's about the challenges ahead. For me in this chamber, I stand by what I've said. I stand firm, that I hope this house will be once a great respected house, not just in here but across the world, but one thing: it's the envy. We've got to make sure that tarnish is polished away, that the respect and tolerance that we expect from everyone who works in here we'll be sure and we'll keep that in in order. I also want to say to my family, no copy, there's one difficult part to want to get over. There is one person who's, not here. My daughter, Natalie I wish you'd have been here. We all miss it as a family, no more so than a memory. I'm gonna say she was everything to all of us. She will always be missed, but she'll always be in our thoughts. I want to hopefully show that the experience of Xian previously will continue as I promised. I will be neutral. I will be transparent, I think this house. We can do more to ensure that that transparency continues no more so than I believe that the Commission I have never sat on the Commission I've. Never even seen the minutes of the committee, so I do believe. There is a little bit of transparency once again and I've got to say. Thank you as I said to my family, but also thank you to my office there also with it, and that they've been with me for a long time. In fact, bamboos up there and she'll get all embarrassed. It's been with me for 21 years. She let the University and said I'm never going to get married, I'm, never good enough. Children I, don't want any of this life. Guess what she's married she's got children the same with Peter and Mike they've done a fantastic job, they've been really good, so Lord says, can I say thank you to everybody. It's been a long night, I'd all to keep anymore, but I do stamp. I will upset this house will change, but it will change for the better. Thank you, I'm, no good at all. The first time the Prime Minister Mr Speaker I, want to the ones who join with me in thanking first of all, the father of the house for the way he's conducted, renewed y-z, I'd, pay renewed tributes to my right, honourable and learning friend, who outranks just about every member, not just in length of service, but also in distinction. Mr. speakers held six cabinet posts, including two offices of state and his hush. Puppies have been found propped up on the desk of ministerial offices in four separate decades. Mr. speaker and his continuing physical and intellectual robustness are a tribute to the benefits of a lifetime's diet, mr. speaker of beer and carry and Castel cigars, all of which I hope you will continue to enjoy in a long and happy retirement at Trent, Bridge or touring the famous jazz clubs in West Bridgeford. This has been congratulating you on your election I observe that you have prevailed over an extremely strong field and that every other candidate earlier on spoke forcefully and well, and I'm not going to presume mr. speaker to identify exactly what characteristics other members of this house saw in you I. When they elected you just now, but I speaking for myself after long happy years of dealing with you I think I know what it is and let me say whenever any of us is preparing to speak in this chamber. We all know that there is a moment between standing up and when the speaker calls you, when your heart is in your mouth and in that moment of anxiety about where you're going to make a fool of yourselves on and indeed at the moment when they sit down and the deafening silence the kind leanness of the speaker, the kind leanness of the speaker is absolutely critical to our confidence. Over the years, I have observed that you have many good qualities and I'm sure you will stick up for backbenchers in the way that you have proposed. I'm sure that you will adhere to a strict Newtonian concept of time in p.m. hues, but I believe you I believe in Newtonian, but I believe you will also. You will also bring your signature, kindness, kindness and reasonableness to our proceedings and thereby to help to bring us together as a parliament and as a democracy, because, no matter how fiercely we may disagree, we know that every member comes to this place, with the best of motives determined to solve, to serve the oldest parliamentary democracy in the world and to achieve our goals by the peaceable arts of reason and debate. Invigilator by an impartial speaker remains one of our greatest gifts to the world, Thank You, mr. speaker and congratulations. The other thing I've got to thank was all the stuff of this house to underdogs in the way that she run this election campaign. So I thank everybody in the house can I know called upon the right honorable Jeremy Corbyn. He took the opposition Thank You mr. speaker can I join others in offering my congratulations to you on winning the election and thank the father of the house for conducting the election in the ways he did, but also congratulations and commiserations to the other candidates who didn't succeed in getting elected, but nevertheless made sure we had a very good campaign and very serious debate all across the house, because I think that was very, very important. We also are very well aware of your abilities at chairing the house because we've been through finance bills and budgets, where your robust in ensuring that people stick to the point and the subject, which is some comrades in the house of my side and other members on the other side, sometimes deviate from the subject in hand unprecedented I know, but there we are in your position, mr. speaker you're, going to need eyes in the back of your head. It's a difficult job. You don't know what it's coming at you next and so I realize you've actually been in training in this. So I've been looking at a photograph of you at the weekend, apparently apparently watching the rugby Cup final, whilst at the same time not watching the television. So the only conclusion I can draw from this is that you literally do have eyes at the back of your head, because you were able to make some very wise comments about the progress of the match that you were apparently not watching at the same time. So I think these qualities alone equip you to be an absolutely brilliant. Chair of this house. As you've said and many know, the job of speaker is not just a ceremonial one. It is about the rights of back ventures to be able to speak up. It is about the power of Parliament to hold government to account. That is the whole principle in point of a parliamentary democracy that we have a strong Parliament that can hold the executive to account and I know that you will stand up for that principle, because that is what you believe in it's absolutely the heart of our political system. I also know that you take the well-being of everybody who works in this building and the well-being of members very, very seriously, because this is a fevered, imaginative, fevered and very imaginative place that we all work in people are put under enormous stress, and sometimes people find themselves in a very lonely and desperate place. Because of that both staff and members. This house I know you take your responsibilities in that area very, very seriously, and they know that you want to make this an even more compassionate and humane place in which to work and I want to close by thanking you for your work, thanking you for taking this job on, but also assuring us that you will always stand up for the democratic values that this house represents and the power of an elected parliament to express its views and hold the executive to account, because that is the whole principle. Behind our parliamentary democracy.