Assalam alikum khuda koto Couture welcome everyone, I'm gonna start with I'm. Just a few introductory comments, some comments reflecting on the past 12 months and then I'm happy to take questions I'm. Just a note for domestic media I know there'll, be a range of other issues that you'll be interested in we'll be providing a separate briefing relevant to domestic media and issues of the day after this one, so that we can predominantly focus on March 15. For this one I want to begin by first and foremost acknowledging the Muslim community here in New Zealand, not only for the impact that events since that day on March 15 have had on them, be friends their family in their community, but also the ongoing generosity that their community has shown. That I think is exemplified by the fact that memorials as such, not traditional within Muslim communities, but from the time conversations began between council the government in the community. Here in Christchurch, they were very clear that they acknowledged it was something that the New Zealand public may wish to mark and we're very open to the idea of a memorial in order to allow other New Zealanders to reflect with them. That, for me, is emblematic of the generosity we have seen from the community ever since that day, Iran gives us a chance, as a nation, to reflect on changes that have happened within our legislation within our support services and within our country. I thought I would begin by just reflecting on some of the legislative changes that have occurred. Many of you will have been here in the period in which we moved immediately to ban semi-automatic weapons and military-style semi-automatic weapons and assault rifles in the aftermath of March 15. That was something that was supported by members of parliament across the house and has meant that, essentially, those guns used in the attack were no longer able to be accessed in the way they were. Prior to that day, we have now removed 60,000 907 prohibited firearms from circulation. More than one hundred and ninety four thousand two hundred and forty five prohibitive parts have been handed in and approximately one hundred and 2.2 million was paid in compensation as part of that buyback scheme. That, however, we always said was only the first part of the work we wanted to do to reform our gun. Legislation tranche 2 is currently having just emerged from Civic committee having amendments made before it winter back into the house and I expect that will pass within the coming weeks and months and will be that next installment for us tightening up our legislative regime for accessing guns in this country. New Zealanders I think of once again reaffirmed that access to firearms in New Zealand is a privilege and a responsibility, not a right. The Christchurch cor was also a fundamental part of our response to the events on the 15th of March. In the aftermath, I remember standing before you and many of you asked what it was. We were going to do an atomistic legislation to try and prevent the kind of aftermath we saw of millions of uploads and copies of the horrific video of the attack on the mosques being broadcast globally. What became quickly apparent to me was that any domestic legislation would not necessarily prevent or stop what we experienced and so began the work on the Christchurch call. We now have 48 countries, three international organisations, eight tech companies in support of that call. It has resulted in things like the crisis response protocol, an initiative which I loosely describe as a civil defence response for attacks that are broadcast in this way online. Sadly, we have seen other events abroad which have called for the kind of coordination that we could have used on March 15 as a result of the protocol in that coordination. In those events where social media platforms have been used to broadcast attacks, the circulation of those videos have been far far diminished. My recollection is of a recent attack in Europe. The numbers were in the thousands, as opposed to what we experienced here in New Zealand. Also, the body traditionally known as the gif CT, the global intimate forum to counterterrorism, has had their mandate expanded as a result of March 15 has had their membership now include full-time staff and an executive director is currently being recruited. That body will continue the work of the Christchurch Corps, including the preventative work and research around algorithms. One more example of the practical outcomes of the Christchurch core work. Just yesterday, Twitter announced research that they are doing in conjunction with researchers at our target, Aversa T. How Twitter can be used as a platform to encourage discussion that encourages inclusivity rather than the counter which we often see on social media. But it wasn't just about what we did in our legislation. We were mindful immediately in the aftermath that we needed to make sure we were supporting those directly affected by the attack, the work to make sure that we had individual case managers from the Ministry of Social Development to ensuring that no one was excluded from support because of this status to working hard to make sure that visa status that the long-term stability of someone's status in New Zealand did not affect affect the support that they got right through to ensuring that families who lost, for instance, those who held names on bank accounts right through to the fact that many did not have anyone who could drive in their family. We looked at every single need, try to address it. We've provided budget support, driver licensing, support and training english-as-a-second-language, as well as financial support and support with housing and critically. Of course, mental health Christchurch in this region, very sadly, has experienced far more than ever. Any community should ever be expected to experience and endure that's why we put additional funding to the tune of 17 million dollars into the Canterbury thb to help support some of the Italian initiatives, specifically for the Muslim community. The phone line, one 737, which is our general phone line for mental health and support, received roughly 13,000, calls in the three weeks after March 15 and that provided professional health and support for individuals throughout New Zealand who may have felt affected. Of course, there is also the work that we must do more broadly. As a nation, we recognize that we had a job to do and a responsibility to support those who worship a New, Zealanders synagogues or mosques to make their places safe to worship. We created a 6.8 million dollar safer community fund, which has been accessed by those faith communities who have had vulnerabilities at their places of worship to improve security. There we've held dozens of Hui with Muslim woman and you to hear their concerns and their ideas for a safer New Zealand over 250 have attended some of those events across New Zealand. We of course launched the Royal Commission into the events of March 15, and we have learnings I know that will come of that Commission's work. We boosted the funding of the office of ethnic communities to rebuild the office and ensure that it could provide practical support on the ground, including through some of the people I've met in recent days from the office who continue to support the community here and finally, in April of 2019, we established the Christchurch response special visa. It was a category for three groups that was significantly affected by the attacks new zealand-based families and which an immediate family member died, people living in New Zealand, who are physically injured in the attacks and their new New Zealand, based immediate families and people living in New Zealand, who are physically present one of the mosques at the time and their immediate families. Of course, that has also meant making sure we give stability. Importantly for the widows who did not have permanent residency at the time of those attacks as well a year on I believe New Zealand and its people have fundamentally changed. I can't see how you could have an event like this and not, but the challenge for us will be ensuring that in our everyday actions and every opportunity where we see bullying harassment, racism, discrimination, calling it out as a nation that is when we'll show that we each individually, have the role to play and making sure New Zealand has fundamentally changed for the better, and that is what we must do every day, I'm happy to take your questions. You're right, I was in a van visiting travelling to visit a school in New Plymouth I was in the van was I the mayor of New, Plymouth and and some others who are all part of the visit when I was handed the phone and started getting initially briefings from the Minister of police. Now at that's at that point we knew there was a shooter. We didn't know how many we didn't know if it was a coordinated attack and at that point, I recall being told that maybe two or three fatalities, even at that point, I, remember saying: I need to I need to get down to Wellington. In fact, I wanted to go directly, but at that point I was not aware of the scale. The magnitude was probably when I managed to get to a space where I could switch on the news and I saw the images of the st. John Ambulance as rolling in and the scale of it and the numbers then we're becoming clearer and it was devastating. Oh yeah, oh, come on the front end down the back. Yeah go ahead, yeah so answer that in two parts, how have we changed? I think the awareness, the knowledge, the understanding that was built between New Zealanders and our New Zealand Muslim community has been really clear to me in the and the days that followed the weeks and the months, and that in large part is because the community opened the doors I had New Zealanders telling me that they'd visited a mosque for the first time or had conversations about about faith with those they were visiting with and, and that was that in itself was a way that I think many were changed by what happened on that day. Does it mean, however, that we have reached awareness across the country? Does it mean that we have removed discrimination from our community? Absolutely not, but I. Think I would like to think that there is growing and common resolve amongst New Zealanders that we wish to be defined by what we are not as much as by what we are and that I think is more pronounced than ever as a result of March 15 on the issue of covert 19, of course, as you will have seen from news today, around other events going on across New, Zealand I. Take these issues very seriously. I. Take the advice of our health officials very very seriously, and I've continually requested the most up-to-date advice. Their position has not changed on where New Zealand currently stands in terms of transmission. We do not have community transmission in New Zealand, and so that's the basis on which they have made their decisions around mass gatherings. The very clear advice I'm continue to give, though, is that if you feel unwell, do not attend the memorials on March 15 and for those who are attending making sure that people of course acknowledge close contact. College is very hard. I accept in these this environment and basic public health sneezing into your elbow, washing your hands, but I rely on that advice from public health officials and because of New Zealand's current status status device they have given me look. We obviously have been willing to take on board the advice that we're receiving and the information we have and make decisions as we need to. You will have seen that we've done that with Pacifica. In that case, there are very specific responsibilities. We feel the knowledge that we have about the number who are coming in from the Pacific to visit and then likely to exit again meant that we felt we needed that precautionary approach because of that specific event, but I am constantly checking them with our house officials making sure we have the latest advice on the best way to proceed, and that is what we've done in this case. I can't I can't see the basis on which the the advice would change, but again we have been always been willing to move to support and protect New Zealand's public health, and so you know, I won't rule that out entirely, but I can't necessarily see that happening in the next 48 hours. But I will always base my decisions on the most up-to-date information and advice again, every single case we've had regardless we have treated exactly the same in terms of contact tracing. You know we did have a case where someone was not aware of their illness when they attended an event. We've still managed to a hundred percent contact trace close context for every case in New Zealand, and that will be the approach we continue to take in the queue you'll understand. Why I make a general comment here: New Zealand is not free of those groups who define themselves as extremists white supremacist. Those groups exist here and the responsibility we have to combat that not only their existence, but the precursors to that existence continue. My view would be that there's much more, that we can do and those earliest stages. What is it we do to make sure that if we see bullying and racism and discrimination in our schools that we proactively and systematically seek to address that, because at the moment so much energy? Of course, an agency responds absolutely going in to acknowledging the aftermath, but there is much much more in my view, we could do to stop people being radicalized with those views in the first place. Yeah I'll come just into the front row. Well, you know it. This event has not changed our relationship. This event here has not changed our relationship with Australia at all. In fact, you know I the response from leaders in Australia and supporting us through that period was extraordinary and in every event, sense, and so for that I want to be really really clear. You'll notice that it's not something that is often commented on the citizenship of the person in question, because for us it was actually about acknowledging what happened here on our soil and doing what we could to make sure it never happened again. As for other countries, I think probably all I can do is reflect on what I said. The last time I had the chance to speak, not just sit on a domestic stage, but more broadly and New, York and September. My viewers, actually our comments, know no boundaries anymore. That leaders now have a stage that is amplified beyond the domestic and that's because of their. We all have a responsibility. We all have a choice. We either promote ideas of inclusivity and are careful never to blame groups when we have challenges domestically or we don't. But my call on leaders is to remember that your words travel, your sentiment travels. There are no borders anymore and the impact of what you say can impact my nation as much as your own yeah. Just here. No, no, because I can't imagine signing up to anything that says you know eliminate just a little bit of terrorism and violent extremist content online. It is, it is a larger aspiration, but that that has to be our aspiration. We live in a world now, of course, where this is our new form of publisher. These are our new broadcasters and, in my mind, all the christchurch calls does. Is our social media platforms to enforce? What are their existing Terms of Service, but to do it in a much more effective, comprehensive way and I? Don't think we should lose our ambition around what that will mean, and our expectations should not change a second row. I think we have to treat the environment is basically an ecosystem. You know, one of the issues, of course, has always been that there will be those who behave responsibly, lock up their weapons, ensure that they don't get into the wrong hands, but actually the even those who behave in that way. I have found that they have through, through various reasons, had their guns access taken, stole them, so the more we're able to remove those from circulation that has a knock-on effect for those who still own those guns. There are now hefty penalties that will be applied, so there is no longer a buyback option. There is only a penalty for continuing to hold those firearms and, of course, we keep in mind that our police, okay, doing an incredible job, making sure that they are also confiscating those guns as part of their everyday actions as well. Yes, yes, yes, if we reflect on the example of Australia, of course, no one looks back and says that they should never have made their moves and I, don't believe, we'll ever look back and say that we shouldn't have made ours. You know, essentially the guns that were utilized in this attack. Now we've made a move on in 60,000 of them have been taken out of circulation. So fundamentally, yes, you know I also reflect oh I'm sure they won't mind me saying it, but I was talking to some of our first responders, many of whom I'd I've met several times before, but one of them said something new to me. Today they were amongst some of the group that came in first from the police to clear the building to make sure that the shooter wasn't there anymore, and you can imagine they weren't sure how many there were- and his comment to me was when he first walked in even though he'd been told on comms that the shooter had left. He could not imagine that there was only one just the scale of what he saw in front of him. He could not imagine that one person was able to do that, and that was because of the weapon that that person had and so I do believe, New Zealanders safer. Oh sorry, yes, yes, yeah and I. Think that's a very fair reflection in my mind, remembering remembering is not just memorials and in fact that's something I. Think of anything the Muslim community would want us to think about it's not once a year reflecting on an event. It is if we stand up and say that that is not who we are. It is demonstrating it every single day and you know I'm the Minister for child poverty reduction. So we formed a strategy on child well-being. We want to New Zealand to be the best place in the world to be a child now I expected when we did this work, that we'd get a lot of feedback about kids on child poverty issues on things in the local community that made a difference to them. Maybe some comment on more time with mum and dad what I did not expect that one of the major things that came through was bullying and discrimination. Kids, just want to be able to feel like they can be, who they are without being teased or being excluded, and yet that exists in New Zealand. There are things that we can do every single day. The way we teach our kids the way we act in our workplace, the way we respond to bullies and racism and discrimination and debt is what I think that we can best do to honor the legacy of those that were lost I've just come you don't mind our skin around, though so - yeah well. One of, of course, the things that you will have seen is in the release of our counterterrorism strategy. There is a very public acknowledgement of the fact that these groups, that along side groups that perhaps in the past, have had more airtime in New, Zealand and abroad, I, would add, and so there's that end of the spectrum and I have no doubt that we'll receive further commentaries advice from the Royal Commission. It's the reason we set it up. I expect that they will give us greater guidance on what more we need to do, not just at that end of the spectrum. But, as I've already said, if we want to address issues that our children are experiencing, actually that's the place where we see the foundations of intolerance and hatred, and so we need to start there as well and so I. Think too often, we think about babies being extreme events when actually the seeds of them starts somewhere else. And what can we do to address those? And in that regard we have got a number of pieces of work that do work in our communities and with our children and in our education system, yeah, hi Jackson, oh no I reject the second half of that question. I think you'll see once we make the final announcements on the second tranche that what we've been working through are actually minor. If you, let me just finish, I think you'll see once you see the final details of some of the minor amendments that are being made, that we are as a government entirely on the same page. Just to finish, though, I am disappointed that more broadly, we haven't had support from all of Parliament. My viewers that actually putting in place some guidelines about what we expect from individuals who own guns in New Zealand expecting them to be of certain character, a willingness to register weapons. This is all to make New Zealand, safer and I would have liked to have thought that everyone in Parliament could have got behind there. What are the proposed here are watered-down. I can't give you that assurance. You will see you'll see for yourself when they are released, but we are going to have improved gun laws, and that will be the case once you see the details of those minor. What I consider to be smaller movements, yeah well, two parts I think I would say in response to that. One is the types of weapons that you've been able to access in New Zealand and, of course, that was the element that we moved on very very quickly and so they're essentially covers off the access point to the guns that were used in this attack. The second question, then, is around people's access to licenses in New Zealand, and that's where we focused our second tranche of reforms. In my mind, actually those reforms have been a long time coming. The thought purported, New Zealand was decades old. We just haven't been able to build political consensus around the changes that New Zealand needed and this those changes for me because they have time and time again being highlighted as the ones we need to make. I am confident that they will make a difference to the safety of New, Zealanders and they're much needed. My concern also is that without them we might have seen further decline and we needed to, of course stop them. Everything that we do is in the hope that it never does. Everything and I know that that would have been the focus for Australia when they've had horrific events like this everything we do, of course, is around trying to ensure this never happens again and I would say not just in New Zealand we've set our sights and trying to assure it doesn't help for heaven elsewhere as well. I'll come down the back and into it Harold I'm, not sure it would be fair to say to label what has happened in that way as loopholes and so on. In fact, the best thing I think we can do is first and foremost allow the space for the for the court case to happen without prejudicing that, and then the Royal Commission report, every expectation will canvas heavily because we sit in their terms of reference. We wanted to know. Was there anything that could or should have been done to have prevented this from happening in the first place, so I'm going to leave that there? Those comments for for that learning that we'll have from the Royal Commission on the issue of threats to Illinois. It feels unfathomable to me that, after everything that the Muslim community of experience, that we have people who have a desire and are acting on it to make threats against down with some community after everything that has happened, and that is something that, of course, we can't just stand up and condemn. We have to ensure the safety of the community. That's why we put in place, for instance, at Community, Safety Fund. It was a very sad acknowledgment that we needed to private, provide practical support for greater security to be installed at synagogues and mosques to ensure the safety of worshipers. That is a very sad reality in something I wish. New Zealand never had to do I'm. If you don't mind, I'm gonna go into substantive Kovich it. After the stand up of okay and least it's relevant to the memorial sure yep. No, absolutely not. Let me be very clear. We have currently no community transmission in New Zealand, so the Ministry of Health has continued to give me the same advice that they don't advise. A need for the cancellation of mass gatherings in New Zealand, however I New Zealand has a responsibility. Is the gateway to the Pacific to do everything we can to prevent any transmission or any chance of transmission into the Pacific, because, of course, the impact on their health system and the ability of their health system to cope with cases it would just be. It would be hugely damaging. We've already seen what happened with measles now I received advice very recently that there was a large number of people looking to a team Pacifica coming in from the Pacific Islands and then returning to the Pacific Islands. That was a risk that it was no appetite for in cabinet because of the responsibility we take so seriously to the specific Pacific. Even though we currently have no community transmission here, you will have petty a few petty if I could just give Petiot. Just explaining in the Ministry of Health did not advise us that we needed to cancel Pacifica. Their advice has been absolutely the same. Their advice has been that there is no community transmission in New Zealand and therefore no currently public health grounds to cancel those events. But the advice I received was that we did have a large number of travellers from the Pacific coming in now. One of the issues we've got in our favor is our ability to contact race every time we have a case in New Zealand, but that really is reliant on those people continuing to be in New, Zealand self, isolated, New Zealand and have access to New Zealand's health system. If we have individuals on large scale, as we do from Pacifica traveling back into the Pacific I can't provide that self isolation or that care, it was just a risk we weren't willing to take. Even though the public health advice, hadn't changed, and these were saw a number of other events all around the country as well. I'm gonna keep the covered questions - after the stand up, I'll, keep the covert questions and I'm happy to answer them again and I've answered this question I'm happy to take them after the stand up which she'll be in attendance, edges to stay and to stay in social housing. No, so yeah! So without getting into anyone's personal details, some of those access issues for social housing can depend on someone's status, which is why we tried very hard to make sure we gave security of status, particularly through those who had like, for instance, the widows so that enabled them to access other services. There may well be cases of people whose visa status haven't allowed them access to public housing. Of course, that won't be widespread because we tried to deal with that as much as we could in those cases, often now caseworkers are working to support them into private as housing instead and often cases actually, people are in private housing regardless because of the availability, but those people have case managers who are they're available and supporting to try and find the right housing fit well would that implies? That implies that actually social housing is a the only option will be the best option. Sometimes it's not housing is what we want to support people into, and many of the individuals we've been working with will be and had been going into private housing because of the availability, the makeup of families and, for instance, perhaps needing larger homes or even making sure that we can quickly adjust make sure housing is fit for purpose for disabilities. So that's that's the key getting the right house regardless. Yes, we've had frequent contact, and it's not just being through me, but through officials and so on. For instance, a number of events have taken place we've had in Wellington. At the end of last year, we had a protocol exercise where NGOs and social groups came together to to look at the responses. Should we have an event like this again and, of course, this the work that the give CT is doing with officials, just you feel free to ask you something. Yes, are that workers know that workers I mean network has not got done, there's a number of different streams where once we have the gov, CT and other working groups established we'll continue that work. Algorithms is an area specifically we're really we're at the early stages, but there is no timeline for this working. There's no end point. I expect it to continue and I expect all nations to continue to apply pressure. No I still I felt as uncomfortable Dean as I do now talking about myself in this regard, because it's never been about me yeah a last last one rain. Not that's not my understanding, I believe it was simply an issue of the weather, but ultimately that was made locally in terms of those who feel unsafe to worship. You know there are things we can do to buildings. There are things we can do to security gates and access points, but for me, people will feel safe when they feel supported when they feel that their community is looking after them when they feel they're not facing discrimination or jibes in the street, or you know, comments that make them feel unsafe, and so we can help support the physical. But we need everyone to help support the community with that sense of security that they feel day-to-day and they're a global threat. It's not just New Zealand. All right, thank you. Everyone.