Just as most of you aware, there's a large scale, weather system that's been to come and where's the problems. Now, for a number of days, working Tori we've seen it move through the Caribbean up, the East Coast, the United States and, as per the forecast, has now moving over the province. We expect the weather to continue to deteriorate throughout the day. The peak conditions, probably over the midnight approximate time frame, we've been activated here in our PCC or intro coordination center. Since this morning, though, we're ramping up planning for the last three or four days working closely in concert with all of our emergency management partners, many of which are represented here today and, of course, our municipal partners of the provincial departments, federal government and some of our critical infrastructure partners. So we're well positioned for this event will be staying activated here, this rule of it and in the coming days, until of any of the results of mitigating it and working closely with these partners to address those issues and their safety is Nova, Scotia powers utmost priority as hurricane Dorian progresses toward and through our province. We have upwards of 1,000 personnel, including power line, technicians, force, T, Cruise, Planners damage, Assessors engineers, supervisors, communication staff and customer care representatives staging communities from the ARMA to Shetty campus ready to respond as soon as it is safe to do so to ensure their safety, except in emergency situations. We will be in a safety stand-down, meaning our crews will be off the roads from noon until 10:00 p.m. in Weston and since the most OSHA, including Metro Halifax, when wind gusts will be at 90 kilometres an hour or higher in the eastern mainland and Cape Breton. Our crews will similarly stand down as Dorian progresses. The safety of our employees and our customers is our top priority. Customers can report any other jiz feed each map, a-10s power about CA, or call our outage line at one eight, seven, seven, four, two, eight six, zero zero, four estimated times of restoration will be posted and we will make updates to our estimated restore times once our teams have assessed the damage. We are ready for this storm and we are here for our customers. We urge everyone in the province all of our customers. Our employees and contractors to stay safe. Nothing is more important than your own personal safety. Good afternoon everybody. My name is inspector dawn Moser representing health, nitrogen. Please. I want to thank you all for coming today and this critical public safety message, one who makes sure that everybody sort of leaves here today, understanding and appreciating that's a health action, Regional Police and very well-prepared I've been through work ups through this week and have the very solid preparedness model and that in no small part working very closely in in partnership with with the RCMP all of the HR and business units and specifically e mo. We want to ensure that we all speak with the United voice and underpin the safety aspects related to to this event, encourage the public and can't be kept me anymore. Direct on this to ensure to hear following a local direction is so authorities that that if there is barricaded road closures, there's any restricted areas it sections four-way stops becomes a four-way, stop that you're following the rules and that you're placing yourself in the best position possible. So our role is the policing agency will very much continue on in the aftermath of Hurricane Dorian Public Safety is their first priority. So it's it's critical. Actually, that's an folks. Take no chances hunker down, listen to your messaging, be prepared, keep yourself safe, keep your staff and family say so. Thank you very much good afternoon, everyone I'm going to echo my colleagues messaging and saying that safety is the primary concern for the Nova Scotia RCMP, for the public and for our employees as the provincial police. We have worked with communities and organizations from across the province and we are continually monitoring the storm as it progresses and any potential impacts that it's going to have again. Our excellent relationships with our public safety partners with our communities has enabled us to put plans in place and coordinate the planning for this storm over the past week. We do have several contingency plans already in place to ensure we can maintain appropriate levels of service and respond to situations as needed for the duration of the storm and for after as well, communication is going to continue to be critical to make sure that we can make situational changes and adjustments to our service delivery is necessary. We have called in additional resources to our operational communication center and we have additional resources at the ready if need be. So again, we would like to stress to the public safety is the primary concern? Hair stay off the roads, listen to the public officials and their instructions, and would like to thank our colleagues for the part, their support and participation in the planning of this event. I'll add the Canadian Red Cross voice to the preparedness message and that people should be paying attention to all of the alerts and notifications from emergency officials. We are opening shelters as we speak in Halifax at the Canada Game Center, the st. Margaret Centre and the Dartmouth East Community Center volunteers across Nova, Scotia and the rest of Atlantic Canada are on standby to respond and we will support communities that are impacted by this disaster. We've been working closely with our partners within Nova Scotia and certainly HRM and other municipalities across the province to prepare for this storm good afternoon everybody, my name, is Erika Fleck on behalf of HRM I feel that we are completely prepared as much as we can be for this storm. We have front loaders as much as we can in the lines of supplies and our readiness and we've been working on this for days with all of our partners here in the room and then across. So the cooperation that we've had this past week in preparing has been phenomenal and we've taken our lessons learned from Hurricane Juan and all the other events realized what went wrong and what we could have improved on, and those were the first things that we fixed to get ready for durian. So I feel that we're in a very good place with regards to citizen safety, I can't stress that enough, just like everyone else here is done this morning, we are urging citizens to make sure that they are. You know they have everything at home. Squared away we've been stressing all week in our public service announcements about securing their belongings outside taking down those patio umbrellas, their furniture, kids, toys outside, and then we've been getting complaints today and notifications about lumber material left unattended construction sites unsecured. So those are a big concern right now, we've been working with our policing partners all morning, trying to identify companies and reaching out to them, so I would urge people to continue to call in to us through 3-1-1 and other means. You know let people know and police have been engaged, but I would also, you know, put a push out there to the to the public that you know. If you see these things these. These are big concerns right now. It's the items across the municipality again, those large lumber parts, ladders that are unsecured that really what the hurricane-force winds that we are affecting that could be extremely dangerous. We also, as a Red Cross representative said. We have asked the province earlier in the week to open those shelters for us and we are urging the citizens in the communities right along the coastal properties of HRM to look at. If you have nowhere else to go with family or friends, then please self evacuate. You know yourself where you live again. Those tides are expected to come in 10 to 12 meters, which is 50 feet. That's a lot of water coming on your property and we want people to remain safe to remain safe. Pardon me we're also asking the downtown business court to close early, so we've contacted a lot of them. The message is getting out there we're asking them to close early no later than 5:00 p.m. this evening. So then not only the staff can get home safely, but we do not want the citizens of Halifax roaming downtown. You know the water's coming in. We all learned our lessons during Hurricane Juan and we really want people to remain safe. Thank you. So we do have time for questions. So what I'd like you to do is as you're asking your question. Please identify who you're asking you to and they'll come in and and make sure they're answering your question at the microphone so that everyone can hear that is correct. So at this time I mean again, the residents know themselves, they know their property, so we would recommend that they self evacuate if they have nowhere else to go. But we are really concerned, like I, said, with the with the waves coming up in the storm surge, that we are expecting the good news about this storm. Although I said 10 to 12 meter waves, we it is coming in at low tide and should that shift at all and it comes in at high tide, then we can expect you know much bigger and worsening conditions along the coast, so that is our biggest concern with the people that live out. That way is we urge you, you know your property and how close you are to the water and if you do not feel it is safe, then please move yourself to somewhere where it is safe. On the inland this time we're gonna defer any further questions to our communications department at nova, scotia power, we're fully staffed at the shelters with volunteers for the next 24 to 48 72 hours, and we can house dozens and dozens of people. We've got all our cost, blankets and and supplies in place. Now at all three locations, we've got more in our warehouse in Dartmouth and Turo as well. If we need to move more we're prepared at the moment for 60 at each location, with pre position supplies to move in to either vista shelters, if maybe they officially opened at noon. So I don't know we were on our way down here and I don't know if anything open it. Anyone had showed up by then I did hear from our call center in saint john new brunswick, just before I came down and- and they said it has been quiet so far yeah. So we know we needed to be better prepared for municipal staff in order to respond to the needs of the citizens, so that was our biggest focus very early on is to make sure, as a municipality, that all of our business units were ready. We've been exercising hurricane scenarios, ironically enough that were supposed to hit on the 7th of September, and so we've made you know huge strides working collectively across all business units, making sure that all of our generators have been currently tested. All our fuel capacities are topped up that we know what you know our entire inventory of emergency supplies. Are we front loaded as much as we can for emergency water? We know that we're going to have power outages and where we were concerned, one of the lessons from hurricane Juan is that we couldn't get water quick enough to residents with that. What residents that are on wells, the so we know when they lose power that they will not have running water. So we've already pre positioned a large quantity of water in strategic locations throughout the municipality, so that we can respond very early to the needs of the citizens and that there will be no waiting period. Yes, we do. We have just under a thousand volunteers that are that we have that. We know of that. We use quite frequently between ground search and rescue teams are joint emergency management teams that are all on standby right now and they put on the ready for the past 24 hours and they are prepared to help us in any way shape or form. We know that we're gonna have to open comfort centers in the days to come, which is a municipal resource that we have, and we will be doing that in the days to come in the areas that do need them. The most we do have at-risk populations, and so we've already reached out to those so nursing homes they have their own emergency plans. We've touched base with them special care facilities, we're in constant contact with them, and you know other places like that, but we have a very good Emergency Management Network that we utilize quite frequently and especially in with this storm, and we have constant communications back and forth so I mean without going door-to-door. We know the population base as a whole. We, when we've drawn the circle around it in the Peggy's Cove. You know Aereo that way it's about 700 in the Eastern Passage. If you took the entire Eastern Passage, you know the whole coast along there, it's 10,000 and then on the eastern shore, we're looking at about 3,000 people, a story 3,000, oh yeah, yes, not yet no! Well, we are just trying to be more proactive. We don't will you rather be proactive at this point than reactive? So that's why we've been working together all morning going out to those police have been contacting them and we've had great success so far that the contractors are actually sending in crews to clean up their sites. We could do that. If we, if we enacted a state of local emergency, then we could do mandatory evacuations, but we're not there at this point. Sorry at this time we're deferring questions to our communications department at nova, scotia power. So I will be providing a contact number for the media line for nova scotia power. Unfortunately, CEO Karen Hutt is at the at the novice kosha power center, so she will be available via phone. I will provide that number. So the biggest thing is what we call a flying object debris. So people who have unsecured things in their home. You know I saw a basketball and that's still there on my way to work this morning. You know when I moved. Personally, you know stuff is gonna blow pretty quick, so flower pots, like I, said umbrellas patio, furniture, kids, toys left out, you know, I have a video of in a country. I was in once- and you know those hobby horses on a stick and I saw one of those fly through a window and all that was left was the horse head sticking out. On the other side, it was like an imp, a l'heure, so I mean you know, people that need to understand in category category one force wins, those objects can become very dangerous. So again, you know I stress the the loose debris. That's laying around the construction materials, a ladder, things that are going to go flying pretty quickly and 140 150 kilometer hour winds. So we that's why we made the call early and we put out those public service announcements in the past 48 hours, so that people would have time to plan, and we really feel that because we did that early and that's again, lessons learned from Hurricane, Juan and other storms that businesses like the mall shut down and they made that notification yesterday. So we really feel that, because we had that ode early, that businesses have been planning and that's why we're urging again the downtown core to shut early so that people can get home. There are, of course, taxis, and we would hope that people would be off the road to be home safe with their families. So what is your specific question like we know the storm surge is coming on the water, so we actually we're having a teleconference later on today to confirm that we're looking for very specific data for HRM and I. Don't have the answer right now, but we can follow up on that. But we know right now, like I said it's coming in our last notification was that because the storm is coming in at low tide, that we were lucky that it was going to be a 10 to 12 meter waves, which is 50 feet, so we just need to reconfirm that track and look at the storm surge again before we send out any further PSAs, so the bridges will close to high-sided vehicles at 80 kilometres an hour and they will shut down completely over a hundred. So again, people can anticipate that both bridges will be closed at some point today tonight. Thank you all for coming over the next few hours next few days will continues in this locations to provide media update. The province will be sending out bulletins throughout the day as needed, so it will be a regular I. Believe, you've all gotten the first one again we'll be using this location. There is a contact number on the provincial bulletin that we sent out so feel free to call our media center we're upstairs if you need anything from us. Thank you. Oh.