Good evening before I get to the details of yesterday, I'd like to say a few thank-yous. Yesterday, I was in Fort Worth with my son, getting ready to go to the TCU football game. When I received a phone call from one of my very best friends and said you got a call home now, I reached out to the city officials and they told me short, very short sentence. It's bad, so I left Fort Worth as quick as I could driving above the speed limit to get here to see what was going on in our city on the way I received a phone call from the White House saying that they are standing with the Permian Basin received phone calls from the state officials say they are standing with. The Permian Basin received phone calls from numerous mayor's saying that they are praying and lifting us up. As I speak fact, I received one email from a mayor in Florida who was preparing his own City for a hurricane, but yet he took time to call and say we're with you. You know their support. The University of Texas, the Permian Basin, has been absolutely fantastic. We have an ELC which is Emergency Operations Center, due to the amount of law enforcement that is currently in Odessa in Midland. We could not use that facility. We have over 120 FBI agents, ATF, Texas, game wardens, Texas, Rangers, etc. Here to make sure you feel safe. Yesterday was a horrible day that shook us for a very foundation, but this will not break us in West. Texas, you have to be tough. Our weather is tough. The old economy is, with its ups and downs. We've been through a lot and we will get through this just want to say a little bit about our first responders. Our first responders did an absolutely amazing job. Our first responders had trained for something like this active shooter training is something that we have stressed, but nothing could have prepared us for a movie active, shooter tragedy that happened: they're, professional and professionalism, their heart. Their sacrifices did not go unnoticed by your citizens and, as the mayor and I serve with an amazing City Council you're our heroes, and we could not be more proud of you. One of the first calls I made was to a very good friend, mayor Morales for Midland to let him know what was going on in our city. He started to find out the details. At one point, I was told that this person was leaving the city of Odessa and was headed to Midland, so I called mayor, Morales and said he's headed your way, get ready. Mayor Morales at that point said mayor you're, welcome to anything. We've got three months ago. There was a tragedy in Midland when they lost an officer. The city of Odessa stood side-by-side with our neighbors to the east. Our fire engines were in their stations so that all their first responders could go to the funerals. Our police units were serving in Midland to make sure all of them could go to the funeral for the officer, and we have been offered the exact same thing in a world where everything is so divided. It is so comforting to have the support of a sister city who will do whatever it takes to make sure you are safe. I want to make a few thanks with our sister city and our guys, Odessa police department, chief Peggy, your leadership has been outstanding. I know. This is something that none of us wish for, but I can't imagine having a better person in that position. Chief Alvarez sheriff Griffith. Thank you for being here. Thank you for your sacrifice. Thank you for everything you did yesterday. At one point, we ran out of ambulances and most of the equipment was out due to the fact that we had 15 crime scenes. We had officers, put people in their tacos and take them to the hospital. We had citizens step up and take people to the hospital, but we also had our friends from the East Midlands Police Chief Herman, Midland Firebird, chief chief in Midland Sheriff. Thank you for your support here. Thank you for all of everything. You've helped us with the reason that person was stopped was because of a Midland police officer and an Odessa police officer. They rammed his car stopped him and when he got out, they shined it and I. Think yesterday began like many Saturdays in Odessa, with the excitement of children ready to enjoy a few days out of school, and parents excited to spend time with her families, unfortunately, that cherished time was cut short by the sound of gunfire. At that time, we saw the very worst of humanity, but we also saw some of the very best of humanity. We saw first responders running towards the danger we saw our citizens running to help someone they didn't even know. I have heard countless stories of how citizens of Odessa went out of their way and put themselves in danger to help their fellow man many times, not even known the person's name. We had doctors and nurses, they weren't called to the hospitals. They went to the hospitals, they went just to serve citizens. Protecting other citizens, make bringing food to the first responder service, responders. The city citizens donating blood, because at a time like that blood is a valuable and most important citizens doing the thing that makes the most difference. It sprang after the gunfire stopped. We were saddened to learn dat. 22 of our citizens were injured in this tragedy, including three officers, one officer with Odessa Police Department, one with Midland PD, and also a trooper from the DPS I, have visited the two officers, one from Odessa and one from Midland. The Odessa officer is in fairly good shape. The middle an officer is a little bit more critical. He is stable, but he was headed for another surgery. Today, the trooper is doing well, he is at Midland Memorial, and so we would covet your prayers for their fast healing, along with the other 22 that were sorry, the other 19 that Ranger the ones that our Medical Center Hospital one is in critical condition to in serious condition, eight and fair condition. We have some at ORMC I want to say just a brief word about our hospitals, all three hospitals, Medical Center, Hospital, Odessa, regional and mitla Memorial, all step in made a huge we like to express our deepest thanks for the professionalism and the compassion is shown by the doctors, nurses and staff and administration. There has been a Family Assistance Center that will be available, starting September, 2nd from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. for families of victims. Anyone present at the crime and may not have been injured, but was traumatized. This will be not available to the general public, but we are anticipating that this Family Assistance Center will be available for a few days to help anyone that is having trouble coping with this. In this tragedy, we also lost seven of our beloved citizens. You know, ranging from ages 415, which was a young lady from Odessa High School. So please pray for our schools. Is the kids from OHS go back and have to learn that one of their friends was killed at senseless violence? A time like this I turn to the Bible for guidance and wisdom and in the 23rd Psalms and says, even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil. Are you with what you are with me? Your rod and staff, our staff, and they comfort me at this time. We need the face based community, more than we've ever needed them. I would like to thank the ministerial Alliance for putting their putting this vigil together for all of the work Thank You TPB, for allowing this to be here. Moving forward is gonna be difficult as west texans we are strong and independent and known for our freedom in us and our whatever. It takes spirit. The next few days and weeks are going to be difficult, but with the strength and the whatever it takes, spirits will show this community, our state and our nation what it means to be West Texas. We will make it through this horrible tragedy in the next few days. Many questions are gonna be asked, but some questions just have no answers like. Why is evil allowed in this world? I wished I had the answer. I wish to have the wisdom to give you the answer, but all is left for we, the living to do is to honor them to take care of them and to rededicate ourselves to cherish the freedoms that our citizens were enjoying when they gave that last full measure of devotion to our fallen citizens. May the wind always be at your back. May the Sun Shine warm your face. The rains fall soft upon your fields and until we get again may God hold you in the palm of his hand, the citizens of Odessa Midland and the Permian Basin. We will get through this tragedy by moving forward one day at a time one week at a time, one month at a time in one year. At a time we will show our beloved state and nation what it means to be Permian, Basin strong, may God bless them Nestle, my god bless Midland and God bless Texas and may God bless the United States.