Good afternoon, everyone Hurricane Dorian's power has arrived in North Carolina with wooden rain and tornadoes lashing. Our state's we are feeling the storms force, but it has only started. We have a long night ahead of us. Everyone needs to stay in a safe place and off the roads until the storm passes. Earlier today, our southeastern coastal County started to experience the storms impact with destructive tornadoes. Heavy rains, damaging winds and power. Outages parts of the Hanover County near Wilmington have seen nine inches of rain already in a short period of time. This has contributed to at least 14 road closures in that area due to flooding and downed trees, conditions will continue to worsen today and throughout the night tornadoes have touched down today. There is including Brunswick Lenore, Wayne and Craven counties and, of course, that MRI please stay tuned to your local media, for tornado warnings and watches the risk for dangerous flash flooding continues and major river flooding is forecast along the Northeast Cape Fear River near Burgaw. If your areas feeling the impacts of durian stay home and safe, don't drive through standing or moving water, if the road is covered with water turn around, don't risk your life or the lives of first responders now activated 527, North, Carolina, National Guard soldiers and we have begun receiving additional aircraft and swift water rescue teams from other states. Many communities are enforcing curfews. Tonight, please listen to your local officials. For specifics. We have 68 shelters up and running the state with more than 2200 occupants. At this time, open has needed to rise as open as the need arises. I visited a state shelter in Durham today, where some families had evacuated to escape the storm, there's so many dedicated workers and volunteers from many agencies that are working together and we are grateful for their help. Food and water supplies are available and ready to be distributed when needed for shelter, food or non-emergency information assistance, dial 2-1-1 for people hard of hearing, please dial, 8, 8, 8, 8, 9, 2, 1, 1, 6 2, to reach someone to assist you to help safely, wait out the storm and ask you to remember these tips. Of course, don't drive over roads covered with warriors stay indoors and away from windows and close your storm shutters. If you have them, never use a generator indoors, then deadly levels of carbon monoxide can build up quickly, stabler and informed and use a radio or another device for weather warnings. You can stay informed by visiting ready, NC door for emergency information or dry NC gov for Road conditions, and if you want to donate your time or financial assistance, please go to NC gov, slash, donate and, as always, we're grateful to our utilities. Duke Energy dominion, electricity's and the co-ops for their hard work and getting people's power back on our teams at the State Emergency Operations Center and those states here today will help where their most and they are ready to move into action. When needed with response and recovery with hurricane durian and leaders here to talk to you this afternoon we have Emergency Management Director, Mike, Springer, Barry Public Safety secretary Eric Cooke's, our Department of Transportation chief engineer, Tim little North Carolina National Guard, General, Jim, first State Highway, Patrol, commander Colonel, Glen McNeil, our FEMA federal coordinating officer, Libby Turner is with us Katie Webster. Our meteorologist is with us also commander, Matt Moyer, the United States Coast Guard is on stage today and Lee Williamson is providing our signing for the hearing-impaired. We'll ask questions at the end, but first time I'll ask Mike Sprayberry to give us a report. Mike. Thank you. State Emergency, Operations Center remains activated to level 1 for hurricane. During response operations. Hurricane dorians impacts include heavy precipitation and winds, as well as a high storm surge along the coast sounds and rivers. Risk of flash flooding remains high east of I-95 from the South Carolina border to the Virginia border. Therefore, we urge the use of the north carolina mercy management, flood, inundation, mapping and alert network known as finally to ensure you're aware of potential flooding in your area. You can get there by logging in and finding NC gov that's FIM ANC govt. You can sign up to be alerted by text or email by finding what rivers or streams begin to arise near you. We continue to increase our flood fighting inventory of swift water, rescue teams, National Guard, high water, vehicle teams, urban search and rescue teams, analyst strike teams and aircraft. We will continue to experience our greatest impacts for Hurricane Dorian for the rest of today tomorrow. We urge everyone in the impact of the areas to stay in a safe place and off the roads, always follow the instructions of your level. Our response assets are now fully staged and prepared for an aggressive response, we're also working on a detailed form. Preliminary damage assessment plan and several members of the state disaster recovery task force have already met the state UC and are working on a rapid transition from response to recovery. Our utility partners are well positioned for power restoration operations. As soon as the storm passes, we have begun to draw resources from the FEMA incident. Support base at Fort Bragg and want to thank FEMA for being here. Continue and we can support pet shelter as well. In closing, let me thank our local partners for all their hard work during the storm, as they work together to protect our residents and again to remind everyone to follow the instructions of their local officials. Thank You governor, thank you. Mike North, Carolina, Highway, Patrol, commander, Colonel, Glen McNeil out urge everyone. Please heed the safety precautions that have been given by first responders, local and state leaders first responders have already assisted drivers who have made poor decisions as heavy rain across our state continues to impact our roadways. Our roadways will be diminished to be able to drive safely on them. Attempting to drive during the height of a storm should be completely avoided. Strong winds, heavy rain and flooded roadways will lead to treacherous driving conditions. Throughout the day, risk will intensify overnight. The ability to identify hazards will decrease due to limited visibility as a storm north across the eastern portion of our state. It is anticipated that several roadways will become impassable due to flooding rough waters. With this in mind, no circumstances should you attempt to travel around barricaded roads through standing or running water. Keep in mind just six inches of water is enough to knock a person down and moving water can sweep a vehicle away down. Trees and powerlines, along with other roadway debris, will create a hazard for driving conditions. Residents are encouraged to stay updated by monitoring their local media outlets, radio, programming and information available to them on our race, NC app I would also like to emphasize. Please do not call 9-1-1 or star HP for any reason other than emergency conditions. Please visit, drive, NC dot-gov. Thank you. Thank You, colonel Department of Transportation chief engineer 10. Well, thank you. Conditions across the coastal areas have deteriorated over the last two hours. Currently, we have 17 current closures across that part of the state for us routes. They include us 117 around the Rosco, Avenue and College Road, and you handover, and also us 17 in Brunswick, County and 13 very assess our routes mainly and you Hanover County, also Harper's, Island drawbridge is closed at this time, as well as the Trent River drawbridge as well. I can't stress enough how dynamic this situation is. These roads were having road closures as we're probably talking right now that we're still getting closures in that just haven't been reported yet as conditions allow, our crews will go out, assess these areas. Also, you know mitigate some of the trees that are in the roadway and start our plans for repairs assessments will include NCDOT personnel, our private engineering, firm partners, as well as utilization of drones, also just want to mention our Dean of the offices. We had 35 closed and also 19 drivers license officers they're closed at this time. That concludes my report. Okay, questions for anyone on the stage governor for mr. Sprayberry. This morning we had I think the 23 swift water rescue teams actually represented about 53, Swiftwater boats and I. Think that time we get into all our have close to 70 boats. We had 16 aircraft. This morning we have two wars: Chinooks coming in from the state of Mississippi, two more 60s coming in from the state of Maryland and one more I shouldn't, say: 60s a Blackhawk and coming in from Maryland and one more coming in from Indiana. So it was a 16 to 21 on Roger other questions. Yes, sir Cady Webster meteorologist address. Thank you for that question. So conditions across the southeast tonight will continue to deteriorate as we get to the early night overnight hours say after sunset, those conditions will worsen as you move northward across the coast, so say the Morehead City type area and the Outer Banks. Those areas won't begin to see their worse conditions beginning their early morning, hours on Friday before sunrise, and then those hurricane type conditions will move northward as you go into the the northern coast and then, finally, in all areas, we'll see conditions improved pretty rapidly on the back side of Dorian, beginning in the South tomorrow, midday or mid morning and then through the afternoon in the northernmost coastal area. So really the worst conditions across the coast are expected overnight tonight into the first part of Friday and then improving after that until the early to mid afternoon tomorrow, and certainly we could see some increased winds on the back side of dorkness we've seen and other storms as well, especially along the Outer Banks and areas like that, but certainly as we go into tomorrow evening, conditions will really be improving. Thank you. Rivers rise and flooding can continue to occur, so people have to continue to listen to the forecasts and go to the farm site that director Barry mentioned to determine whether there is the potential for riverine flooding in your area. Yes, can you get the mic? Oh okay, we'll get you first sure flash flooding can occur in many places throughout Central North Carolina, some of the City of North Carolina is going to get some tropical force winds that can knock down trees. That can make power go out. So we recommend that people stay indoors tonight in these affected areas, watch our weather for Clack forecast and, if you're going to get some tropical storm winds in your area. It's best to stay home and off the roads, listen for tornado, watches and warnings, because that certainly can happen in inland areas along with flash flooding. People need to be careful tonight and we'd, rather than stay home and hunker down. Yes, sir, we actually have a care facility representative sitting here in our state ESD with us, and most care facilities felt like that they, their facilities were harmed enough to be able to withstand the event with backup power, although there have been so that gets coordinated not only with them, but here at the state here see. We've got about thirty occupants in our medical shelter right about 30 documents and the medical shelter in Clayton right now, just Kate Webster, Thank You governor. That's a great question. So, as you know, we've seen the tornadic activity increased through the morning hours and we've had numerous warnings across the southeast. I believe that that tornado watch has been reduced a little bit to include now portions of the eastern Piedmont and just central portions of the coastal, plain I believe that's in effect through tonight, but that threat for tornadoes will continue in through the into the evening hours and probably into the first part of tomorrow, and certainly we do have that risk of seeing tornadoes into the first part of tomorrow as those outer bands of Dorion move northward and our message to people would be to make sure you stay close to your NOAA. Weather Radio have multiple ways to receive warnings and if a warning is issued for your area to take cover pretty quickly as tornadoes in tropical cyclones can spin up very quickly and with little notice. Thank you other questions. Mr. Sprayberry, first of all, the Fineman site, you explain again let her stand for and explain to people I take it. This is a good way for people in areas prone to flooding or in River areas to monitor when they might get flood waters right. The flood, inundation mapping and alert network and that's f, NC gov. We have a large river gages, also down our estuaries as well to where we collect that data. It goes into the website and we're able to use predictive analysis and when we think floods are gonna be happening, yeah, the the depth of the flooding, the length of the flooding the direction rather, and so it's good information I have to do and we'll provide you with that information. They helped us significantly with Florence after Matthew, more gauges were installed and we're scheduled to have more even more gauges installed as well. For the questions all right, we will probably reconvene for another hearing at about 10 o'clock or so tomorrow. Thanks very much.