Affected areas goes as smoothly as possible on behalf of the entire department. I want to thank all of the impacted communities for your cooperation and your willingness to quickly quickly work with us to work on the mandatory evacuation zones, gathering up just those basic belongings and helping to move to evacuation centers that have been established through our emergency operation center. We have arms a hockey and here today as well to ensure that your safety is of our paramount concern. So please, as you see LAPD officers both on motorcycles on foot and in vehicles, encouraging you to leave the area. Please comply as we're working to maintain order and to keep you safe. So please let know that we are here to support you in every way possible. Thank you so much. Thank you. Sister chief Kamala next I'm going to ask council member Mike Bonin, who represents this area west of the 405 to six some words about evacuation, centers and the resources the city is providing also with our partners with the Red Cross, as we just did in recent weeks. Councilmember bonnet Thank You mr. mayor. First of all, god bless LAFD and our first responders and thank them for everything they've been doing over the past few hours and thanks to those who so willingly cooperate it under very confusing and trying circumstances in evacuating. If you are getting directions from LAFD or LAPD. Please follow them if they say evacuate evacuate if they say shelter in place. Please shelter in place. If you are in the areas for a potential, evacuation get ready get set, and if you want to go go now we have a number of different evacuation centers set up throughout the area we have at stoner Park Rec Center in West LA at Westwood, Rec Center at the Palisades rec center at Cheviot, Hills, Rec Center, and at the Van Nuys Sherman Oaks rec center. The Red Cross is available at all of those places. There are services and a place to be, and we encourage folks who are evacuating to head there and you will be well taken care of. Thank you. Finally, councilman Paul Koretz represents just to the east. This has not spread to the east side of the 405, though we're keeping careful eye and we have resources to protect it from jumping over. Luckily, the winds are blowing the other direction here towards the southwest so far, but he also chairs our committee that oversees our Animal Services and maybe we'll, can give us some information - about what to do for our animals as well. Well, Thank You mr. mayor and I also want to thank our first responders. Our amazing LA, Fire, Department, LAPD and I also want to echo the message: if you're in the mandatory evacuation zone and you're still there watching this you're an idiot get the hell out. It's way too dangerous people that stay behind are just endangering themselves and not healthy. I want to echo what the mayor said about my community, which is the 405 in east, if you're in bel-air, because of the wind conditions, we don't expect you to be in danger. However, if it were me and I know, the department isn't asking I would on the ready-set-go system. I would be ready. I would at least get my papers than anything else. I was planning on taking together and I would have my my animals at least I, wouldn't want to know where they are, and you should know, I believe the closest place for your animals to shelter. Your small animals is the West LA Animal Shelter. So please be aware of that. Keep an eye on your animals and if you need to move as soon as you get an evacuation order, follow it and move. Thank you, Thank You, councilmember Koretz. Also the West Valley Animal Shelter is available to take folks pets and for large animals. Hanson Dam people, don't think of West LA as having that. But there are some horses that are in both Brentwood and Pacific Palisades and some of the canyons I'll say a couple things in Spanish, real, quick and then we'll take any questions. Okay, nada, miss gracias, a los bomberos de los oficial policías de manana, esta mañana, certainly those in la mañana. When we incendio a key a lot of West day, the San Diego freeway, our I Rocky was Jonas obligate arias Norte, they Holland Al sure the sunset al este the freeway. He Oeste Canyon at the mezcal si tu tienes trabajo in este área, no I trabajo y es importante mantenere su seguridad ECI own orden de evacuation, Amelia meant a la e aí centros de recreation, como refugee host El Centro, a key in a lot of us today: Los Angeles Westwood, rec center tambien stoner, Palisades e también en el valle de san fernando Van Nuys Sherman Oaks Centro de Cresci on he gracias, al trabajo de los bomberos finalmente in al freeway, the cuatro cientos cinco, SC arado direction. The sewer and Trey Mulholland he'll freeway TS without happy to answer any questions or have our fire department. So anywhere. Yes, absolutely it's a great point. Please don't think about yourself right now, if you're trying to get around cones or go places where roads or freeways are closed. Those lanes that are closed remain closed. Those exits remain closed. For a reason. If this fire jumps, we have to surge vehicles immediately where they need to be, and the last thing you want to do is be in the way of them. So please let them do their job. Let them protect. Imagine that's your home. Imagine this is your neighborhood and do the right thing. My understanding is it's from Mulholland. Is that correct? Okay? Yes, we do have confirmation, it's Valley Vista to sunset, so so, right now, I was just up there. There's power on in those areas and obviously these things have their own power. So we used the technology of Talde Weah sake, and it's here who's our general manager, emergency management department. We go door-to-door, we have people, who've signed up for notified LA and then we push out I was up there, I was getting you know, seven or eight of them, even that firefighters saying but I got to get to the messages, but they keep getting pushed on here. So we know that those messages are going out. A lot of people were asleep, though, and we recognized that so they might be waking up some people who are deep sleepers and saying what the heck's going on it's a good time to get out. Don't panic again, there's not fire! That is overtaking structures or homes right now, but it's really important that people get out, find shelter go to a friend or family's house. If you don't, you can obviously go to the recreation centers and thanks to the American Red Cross, we have resources, we'll feed. You will shelter you and, as the chief said and I think he still confirms that this is not going to be over today. This is going to be a couple days at least no way: no, no, no este, Incendia, no es el resultado de en camper Mentos or the Indian taste in este área para una, investigación, I'm, ass information, durante el día, para nosotros podemos confirm our no es. El resultado esto I saw five personally and I looked over the ridge where I think there's two or three. When chief said, it may be more I want to caution, people that doesn't mean there's a bunch that are about to be overtaken shift of. The wind could obviously affect that. But right now it looked like it was probably around eight, maybe seven five for sure it could be. It could be. On the other side, I saw those five on Tiger Tail and over on the other side, it looked like two or three, but it could be maybe four or five, but not much more than that. Okay, great thanks. Everybody we'll be back for briefing later today. Thank you. We have PIOs available to do individual interviews in English and in Spanish. If anybody wants to stick around we'll, let you know when the next briefing will be. We encourage everybody to visit, LAFD, org and just touch on news. It has the most up-to-date information for any new and and and news breaking information with regards to this fire again. This is called the Getti fire. Thank you all very much I'm, not sure. Yet we'll let you know it's all. You.