Like halfway and yet gear here, like oh yeah, we have like we have all her newsroom coming. Yeah anchors, Laura bankers came in at 3:00, I think three years tonight. Are you guys in every state, yeah, so I guess they're? Staying with that, I was quick because I thought we were doing like in a commercial break. What do they dance still up here? They just toss in a Richard, now dancer Bellbrook at the house, the suspects house. That's why when they sent him there, they wanted us to be mobile because they didn't know what we were yeah when they, of course, there's not even a sighting of anyone. It's back on hey they're walking in now, I'll just duck down yep, okay, cool there's, some sauce on these cards. Now hello, I'm, nan, Whaley, mayor of the city of Dayton I, have with me a deputy chief Carper governor Mike DeWine City Commissioner Chris Shaw, head of the Dayton foundation, Mike parks, city manager, Shelly, Dickstein and assistant chief for the fire department, jeff likens. So we have some updates to give you today. I just took a tour with the governor and mrs. DeWine to show the site, so he was been briefed by our our team and understands what happened here earlier this morning and I'm going to let him say a few words well. Thank you mayor very much good afternoon. Everyone, my wife, Fran I, won't express to the victims, victims, families, the Dayton community, our great sympathy. This is a heartbreaking tragedy and it is the type tragedy that you pray never comes to your state or to your community Mara and I talked earlier this morning very early this morning. Prior to that, I'd received a call from our public safety people about about the situation. I just want to say that the city of Dayton Montgomery, County, first responders. Everyone has done an absolutely amazing job. You practice for these tragedies and you pray to God. They never occur. If you don't practice, you're, not ready. It's clear Dayton was ready. The community was ready. Maris pointed out to me how many other departments have made themselves available and have been involved in in helping so I just want to thank all of them. I won't. Thank the Dayton police department, the officers who were involved in ending this tragedy, their professionalism, their quickness, their amazing courage and their response undoubtedly saved many many many lives. We will never know how many lives were saved, but you know Police Department and mayor gave me off the tour. My wife Fran I, the two or a few minutes ago, and the assailant was obviously very, very close to being able to kill dozens and dozens more more people. So in this tragedy we have to thank our first responders. We have to thank our police department for the amazing job that they have done. The mayor and I have been in contact throughout the morning, we'll continue to be in contact. I've made it clear to her that you know any resources that we have in the state certainly is available from our mental health specialists, and our Highway Patrol course has been involved as well, but again, my hats off to the city of Dayton to the police department into the first responders. Thanks Mara certainly appreciate the governor's help Ohio State Patrol as well, who have been terrific as we've gone through a number of these issues over the past summer, the governor has always been one to quickly call quickly check in and then be here when, when we're dealing with these issues, so certainly appreciate your personal leadership. We have some updates from police and so I'm going to turn it over to deputy chief Carver Thank You mayor first thing. First thing I'd like to do is: go ahead and confirm the identity or release the identity of the shooter. The shooter in this incident is Connor Betts, CEO, NN, o RB e TT s, white male, 24 date of birth, 1028, 94 and I would ask work. We it's our understanding that that some images of the suspect have been posted by media, and some of those are not correct. So please make sure that you have the correct photograph or image of the suspect when you report that and secondly, there's a I believe some of the media has the wrong Facebook posting on their on their website. So if you would, please make sure that you have the correct ones, so we're identifying the proper person and and the proper persons image with that, we will have additional information at four o'clock. We originally thought it'd be about a three o'clock briefing for for a more comprehensive view of what happened and and what the response was. That's going to be at four o'clock right here at this location. So we will give you additional information on the suspect and actually what transpired at this time I'll give you the names and demographics of the nine people who were killed and the first one is Lois Oglesby, og lesb, why black female 27, the second one is Megan Betts, the ETTs white female 22 Syed Saleh, si le h, black male 38, derrick fudge, black male 57, Logan, Turner white male 30, necklace, Coomer, Cu, mmer, white male 25, Thomas, McNichols, MC, n IC, H, OLS, black male 25, Beatrice, Warren, Curtis, black female 36 and Monica Brickhouse life, female 39. Those are the nine names of the individuals who were killed overnight with with that I'll turn it back over to the mayor. So tonight I want to also announce we will have a vigil. At 8:00 p.m. we've talked with the leaders of the Oregon business district association. It will be on the streets of Fifth Street in the Oregon district at 8:00 p.m. this evening. Also, the Blood Center is closed. Today, we've been informed. They have adequate supply today, but we want to remind people that if they want to take action, it would be good to donate blood tomorrow, and we have a special effort that we're putting together and I want to thank the Dayton foundation and have Mike Parks come forward to explain what we're trying to do for victims. Families Thanks mirror. First, our thoughts and prayers are with the families and the victims. As two months ago, we learned as a community. We came together to help those in need and once again we'll do that and as we speak, a fund is being established called the Dayton Oregon district tragedy fund at the Dayton foundation. That'll be up and going later this afternoon. For those that would like to help and if you'd like to help your neighbors and friends, there'll be a way to do that and to assist those that have been impacted. Thank you, Mike I, think, what's most amazing about our community is once people woke up this morning as early as 5 a.m. 6 a.m. 7 a.m. folks and leaders from across the community called or reached out and said what I can? What can I do and then others we called, and they immediately stepped in and I, want to appreciate. I really appreciate the Dayton foundation for doing this quickly, as we know that there will be people that weren't prepared, obviously for such a tragic event and their and their families, all right with that I'll open up and question Mike Campbell. Yes, that's the sister of the suspect, all nine shooting victims were were located in the Oregon district on on or around history. Is there another crime scene in a different area? Related to this, as I said earlier, the investigation leads us in different direction. So obviously we we look at vehicles, we look at houses and- and yes, we did conduct a search warrant earlier today and we will put this on our site as well. So how about we do that? Maybe that okay I think that'll be best we'll put that up. That's incorrect and I will say that the family members of all nine people who are deceased have been have been notified and a Victim Witness member from the Montgomery County Prosecutor's Office has been assigned to each of those families to help them through this process as well, and that's why we waited until this afternoon to release the names. We will address that at four o'clock as best we can, we will be able to provide much more information on the actual incident itself at four o'clock. The address that we, where he was staying and where we conducted a search warrant earlier today, was in Bellbrook. That is correct. Well, all the victims are from our own backyard too, and so you know this is just an immense tragedy. You know no matter where the victims are from their victims and their heart goes out to the families. But this is a it's a Miami, Valley tragedy. I cannot. We will comment more at four o'clock. I, don't know if we'll get into that greater detail, but we will provide as comprehensive of an overview of what occurred at four o'clock the shooting took place on and around the street and sidewalk of Easter Street. We're telling you that the shooting took place on East, Fifth Street and on the sidewalks of East Fifth Street. Not the parking lot correct. We can. We can give a little bit more information at four o'clock on that I'm. Sorry, I can't hear you. We will we'll try to get you a general idea of that at four o'clock. Well, I think that's the first thought that always goes through your mind whenever there is a tragedy of any any kind. The question is that policy makers have to think about is: is there anything we can do in the future to make sure something like this does not happen and make sure is the wrong term, but to lessen the possibility or to lessen the number of people who are killed. These mass shootings, if you go back and I, don't pretend to be an expert, but you know they're all like and they're all different in that sense, and so sometimes you get different lessons from each one of them. I don't think today is the day to try to draw the lessons, because, frankly, we don't have all the facts and there's going to be ample time for the for all of us to to talk about what we learn from this from this tragedy. But again, without all the facts, I would just tell people just wait till you get all the facts, and then we can start having those those discussions. Well, we've asked well in all due respect, you've asked several questions. At the same time, let me just say that, let's there will be ample time for us to discuss the lessons learned from what happened today, but let's first get the facts and get all the facts out and there'll be time. There'll be time to have those discussions. Each one of us who is in public office has an obligation to take what facts that occur to take tragedies, whether it's a natural disaster, whether it's the disaster of a mass shooting such as this, whatever it is, and try to come up with the lessons lessons one we will will address that the best we can a fork lock. I will say this due to the short of the very short timeline of violence. It's hard to imagine that that there was much discrimination in in the shooting. It happened in a very short period of time. Absolutely you know we're always looking at what could have motivated such a horrific action as this and and like I said this morning were interviewing dozens of people and going through a lot of different. You know electronic evidence other evidence to try to determine that. We don't have that answer yeah. This is the first day. This is a you know, there's gonna be a lengthy investigation, so we'll do our best to get to get the information to you, but speculating at this point would be premature. I I won't. I won't address that. We said earlier that it was a 223 caliber, a K like long rifle weight and he had extra magazines as well as who was wearing body armor. We can. We can get you more specifics at four o'clock. Yeah four o'clock, I bet we'll see you all at four o'clock. I want to recognize some people that are here. The coroner's office has been a great partnership. Obviously the coroner has been an autopsy all day, so Eric Blaine is here. State representative Phil Plummer is here, I see state auditor David Yost is here and my dear friend and I don't think I'd get through anything without the mayor of Kettering Don, Patterson. Ok, we'll see you in a few hours. I will see you at 3:00 3:00 o'clock, we're gonna, have a press conference at 3:00 and a press conference at 4:00, because I know how much you guys love press conferences. Thank you. You.