Of this person, but if I left you with anything, it wouldn't be what we're going to do forward. I would ask you to to think of the 20 lives that were lost. Those were persons in our community and we will miss them and all of the all of the victims who either sir flirt physical and emotional impact from what happened. We are just not a community that that really this is not us. We are like the like the bright sunshine today. That is us. We are a really good and loving community, but we will hold him accountable. Thank you. My name is John bash on the United States Attorney for the Western District of Texas, which covers El Paso. My grandmother has lived here for 50 years, she's 91, since it was a much smaller community. I. Don't think she's ever seen anything like this in this community. My mom grew up here. My dad went to college here. I looked here, I was very young. It's been devastating for the community. I've been unbelievably impressed by our first responders by the DA's office, fire police FBI in the work they've conducted. We had a very long night last night work in this case, I've been in close consultation with attorney general barb. We are conducting a methodical investigation with our partners, a careful investigation, but with a view towards bringing federal hate crimes, charges under 18, USC, 249 and federal firearms charges which carry a penalty of death. We are seriously considering those charges, we're going to conduct a methodical and careful investigation with a few towards those charges. We are also treating this as a domestic terrorist case. There's a statutory definition of domestic terrorism at 18, USC, 2, 3, 3 1. This meets it. It appears to be designed to intimidate a civilian population, to say the least. We are treating it as a domestic terrorism case and we're going to do what we do to terrorists in this country, which is deliver Swift and certain justice with that I think we'll turn it over for questions. So I failed to recognize everyone in the room. The commander with the Department of Public Safety and my name- is Tommy. Gonzales city manager I'd like to send a message to the families, and that is that our first responders are working diligently to unify the families and get the bodies back to them as quickly as possible. We're not we're expending all resources in order to make that happen and we'll open it up for questions now, basically, from the manifesto that we first saw, we have to attribute that manifesto directly to him, based on that information in that manifesto. That's where that came from, and so we're going down that road, that's beginning to look more solid, laid like that is the case. We've got a reunification center, that's turned into a grieving center over in the central area, where the event took place pretty much and as a matter of fact, on that I'd like to ask the media to be respectful of the families right now, we've been getting complaints that the media have been over, burdening them with the questions when naturally they're more concerned about finding out about their loved ones. So we ask you to respectfully to abide by their wishes, but with that being said, we're looking at all responders and everyone who has been on the ground participating in this event with providing them references to alleviate their suffering. Yes, he asked there's not words. You can place to say something like that. You know you have to see it for yourself when I first got into this job, I never knew there was an odor to blood, but there is, and until you firsthand see that my description of it as far as horrific will be uncertain as far as what that scene looks. Not so I can't tell you what that means other than for the normal individual that doesn't have to deal with that on a day-to-day basis. It will leave an impression that you will never forget I'll, just leave it at that. Well, I can't get into the details of that again. We have to be respectful of the fact that this person still has his rights and even though he's cooperating, we still have to keep that in play to make sure the investigation goes forward successfully. I'm, sorry, sir, not at this time, I'm sure we'll find that out later with the help of more federal authorities. But right now, Bulls are particulars about the investigation that I think that we need to maintain within our purview I'm sorry easy, what that's a liability of Texas, yes, technically, of course, a normal individual, seeing that type of weapon might be alarmed, but technically it was in the realm of the law. I'm, sorry! Well, a protein or responding officers, I believe in Texas, Department Public Safety was involved in that particular arrest when he saw the officers approaching the scene where he was at, he basically surrendered, and that was over on the farther west side from the local student site. I believe he was how you can't confirm that, as a matter of fact, the dog, that's, why I believe he was. They occurred in the Dallas area, where the individual in question is from and I believe there was some media coverage of those residents when we did it. So again, we continue to do that. Investigation is not going to give any particular detail as to what was found and things like that, but a lot can transpire in 24 hours and as we continue to investigation to gather information. Yes, he was forthcoming with information. He basically didn't hold anything back. Particular questions were asked and he responded and what it need to be answered. Well, there's a statutory definition of domestic terrorism under federal law. You'll hear me: there's a statutory definition of domestic terrorism under federal law that I mentioned earlier: 18 USC, 23 31, and that definition matters for a variety of purposes. It has factors, I won't go through all of them, but the key factor here is: it appears to be an intent to coerce or intimidate a civilian population. That's met here at the attack from what we know in the public record certainly appears to the intimidate intended to intimidate or coerce a civilian population, so we're treating it as a domestic terrorism case. As the FBI special agent in charge said, they have activated the domestic terrorist fusion cell at the FBI and so we're going to breed it that way, going forward los carros in este incidente zone Oh. Mr. Macy do capital e nosotros y la oficina, vamos PD OPPD por el pelo de muerte, assume incidente tano Ripley que place en esta comunidad nós temos acostumbrado, a tener algo, a C in El Paso e yo tambien como el jefe de policía you're free at Walmart, ve todo que paso y east OE y yo se que el peluquero es algo muy fuerte pero en este ocasion es algo que es necesario and perdió el derecho, para estar, entre nosotros a year see we're gonna close out we're gonna close out the press conference and I just like to say that we want to thank everyone, who's reached out to city of El Paso and also want to send our condolences to Dayton Ohio and for what they're grieving as well again, the first responders. We cannot say enough, but the way they responded in the way they handle this. Thank you and if you could media, if you could make sure you get as much information to those loved ones that have been impacted. Thank you, CPR like understand, and la próxima. You.