Good morning, everyone on Sunday morning Fran I joined mayor nan Whaley, her husband, Sam, lieutenant Matt Dickey, the dayton police department to tour the Oregon district before the shooting took place it's the morning that I will never forget crime, scene tape, bullet markings, blood and probably the most poignant thing was a vendors cart with food still on it. Where he had been shot down. Nine people went out on that beautiful Saturday evening early Sunday morning, nine people who did not come home. They left their families, they left their friends grieving a loss that is really impossible to comprehend. That night, Sunday night friend I went back to the Oregon district in Dayton to attend a prayer vigil. It was a beautiful, peaceful night justice. It had been the night before the great Ohio summer night, as friend, I climbed up to the platform, and we looked out. It was amazing the number of people who were there as far as we could see there were people literally down the street, a testament to the resiliency of Dayton and the great Miami Valley. Some of the crowd were angry. In fact, I'm sure everybody was angry because I tell you Fran and I were angry, then we are angry and they should be mangry. I understand that anger for it's impossible to make sense out of what is senseless. Some chanted do something and they were absolutely right. We must do something, and that is exactly what we are going to do today, I'm announcing the following initiatives: the following actions: number one safety protection orders. We have to empower people to get help for family or loved ones, who may be a danger to themselves or a danger to others. People who have mental health challenges, alcohol or drug problems that violent tendencies and and have access to firearms, deadly combination, police and sheriff's deputies also need to be able to activate the criminal justice system when they find an individual in that situation, when they find someone who is in danger, who is a danger to themselves or who is a danger to others and has access to a gun? That's why today I'm asking the legislature to pass a law to allow courts to issue safety protection orders now I'm gonna explain this in detail, because details are important. These orders, which would be grand upon clear and convincing evidence, would allow the removal of firearms from potentially dangerous individuals and get them the mental health treatment that they need get them. Whatever help that they need, individuals could be subject to a safety protection order if they present an imminent risk of injury to themselves suicide, for example, or they present that risk to another person because of mental health issues because of drug dependency, chronic alcoholism or other serious conditions. These concerns, of course, must our Constitution demands. It be balanced against the individuals right to keep and bear arms and their due process rights. My proposal will allow the state of Ohio to file for temporary orders a hearing it under my proposal. This ultimately will be up to the General Assembly. A hearing would, under this proposal, be held within three days of the filing or sooner the individual would have all the traditional due process rights. The temporary order could be granted, a temporary order could be granted if the state shows by probable cause that person is a danger to themselves or others and has access to firearms. If the temporary order is granted, it would require the person to surrender all firearms to law enforcement. If granted, a hearing would then be held a second hearing within 14 days. Do you term if an extended safety protection order should be granted in this hearing all the same traditional due process rights would apply if the court was then find by clear and convincing evidence that the person is a danger to themselves or to others, the extended order would be issued under an extended safety protection order. As we envision it, the court would order a mental health assessment. The individual would be required to undergo any recommended treatment. The individual were him purchasing or possessing firearms in any firearm from the temporary order would continue to be withheld from that individual in lieu, in law, enforcement in lieu of law enforcement, keeping, the firearms and individual could could have them sold on their behalf to a federally licensed firearm dealer, extended orders would last for a period of six months and could be extended with another petition in another unit. An individual could apply to the court any time after three months for return of his firearms. Only if the person could prove by clear and convincing evidence that they were no longer a danger to themselves or others, as during that period of time initiative number two, we must have increased access to the citizens of the state of Ohio for the citizens of the state of Ohio to our state psychiatric hospital. We have a problem in this state. We have a problem with people who are not violent, who have been sent there by a court who could be sent someplace else, and these individuals are occupying space that we urgently need today now I'm calling on the General Assembly to take action in this area. Inpatient psychiatric care is limited in Ohio, making it difficult for individuals and families to access the level of care when it is needed. Over the past several years, Ohio's state psychiatric hospital capacity has become predominantly used by patients who are court-ordered to the hospital for restoration to competency to stand trial. This week, for example, 79 percent of the adults in our state psychiatric hospitals are court-ordered there. Many of these patients are nonviolent offenders. Many are misdemeanors, but they are they're simply in the hospital pursuant to a court order to learn how the court process works. It's the only reason to they are surely together. We can find another place for these individuals to obtain that help and that help being understanding how the court system works, so they can proceed with trial. This education certainly can be done outside of these hospitals, freeing up critical beds for people who, in fact do need hospitalization the people I'm talking about coming out of the hospital or people who don't need impatient, psyched you're at your care. Well, there are other people in Ohio who clearly do to accomplish this. The General Assembly will need to pass changes to the Revised Code to create a community-based misdemeanour, competency, restoration process, I'm, calling on the legislature today to do that actually number three early intervention schools. We have a serious mental health crisis among many of our children in the state of Ohio. Today it is growing worse, so many of our children have been negatively impacted by trauma. The trauma can take. Many forms can be living an addicted parent. It can be seeing violence on the streets seen violence in the home. It can be all the problems that come from Horrible poverty. The result is that the suicide rate among our young people today breaks your heart. It just breaks your heart. All the facts of the Dayton tragedy are not yet known, and they will be coming out in the days and weeks ahead, but it is clear that the assailant, while in high school, clearly exhibited antisocial, behaviors, antisocial behaviors that should have alerted anyone who knew about them that there was a problem, a serious problem with this high school student and told by the specialists that half of mental health conditions, problems start by the age of 14, half and 75% are identified by age. 24, providing early intervention helps young people recover more quickly and have better outcomes with their education. It helps them build positive relationships with family and friends, and it helps them have healthier lives throughout adulthood. As part of the budget that has been approved by the General, Assembly and I know, Senate President, Lee, Ralph HOF was was here. I was told a moment ago. Thank You senator for joining us appreciate it very much. I talked to the speaker yesterday as well, and the two minority leaders about what I was going to present I want to thank the General Assembly. Under this budget. We are investing 675 million dollars for what we are calling wraparound services. These clearly can be used, and it's our intent for many of them, much of them to be used for mental health services for children. These are for addressing social emotional challenges. Their kids are facing from suicide prevention to the effects of substance use crisis and all these things all these things teachers tell me impact their ability to teach the child in the classroom by providing funds to every school district. These schools can design tailored programs working with their local mental health providers or other social service agencies to help these kids earlier in life, the earlier that we can intervene in children's lives and make a positive difference clearly the better. It is. Action item number four: we're also increasing access under this budget now again I thank the General Assembly to behavioral health professionals in our schools, with 15 million dollars in Medicaid funding to provide telehealth and mental health services to students, so that no matter where a child lives in the state of Ohio, no matter how remote it is, they have access to high-quality mental health care. This, coupled with the wraparound services, will make a huge, huge difference. Let me move to action. Item number five communities know their kids. The best the Ohio Department mental health and addiction services will will be working in a more concentrated effort, will be working with communities to increase knowledge of risk factors to help parents identify when their child is showing signs of a mental illness. The Ohio Department of Mental, Health and Addiction Services will also share screen tools with clinicians help connect to community-based services and link parents, families and schools, with proven supports and strategies to manage wellness over the child's lifetime. Item number six background checks: I'm, asking the General Assembly to pass a law that requires background checks for all firearm sales in the state of Ohio, with the exception for guess between family members and certain other and limited uses number seven. An unbelievably high number of Ohio citizens are being killed as a result of chronic gun violence in the streets and in neighborhoods of our cities. Mayor. Thank you for being here for most Americans there, who talked about last night, why we mourn those who were killed in Dayton. We should not forget the other Ohio citizens. Our citizens are brothers and sisters. That includes many times children who are innocent victims of random violence and not so random violence. We cannot forget those individuals who are dying every day in our cities and across our state. You have to deal with those individuals who are inflicting that violence law enforcement officers have told me for years that the majority of violence in a community is being perpetuated by a relatively small number of individuals. We just study a few years ago, which absolutely confirmed that going back to 1977 the vast majority of criminals in this state are not do not commit violent crime. We must target those who commit the violent crime. We must go after them. We must take them out of our communities. Far too often, criminals who have absolutely no right under Ohio law to possess a gun are using guns. Nonetheless, that's who we have to go after the criminals. This must stop so I'm asking the General Assembly to increase penalties on violent felons who continue to illegally possess or use guns, the rate the legal possession of a firearm by a violent felon. We must increase penalties for violent felons and other people who are found with a gun that they do not have the legal right to possess the crime of having weapons while under a disability, which is what it's called, is currently a third degree felony punishable by maximum of three years in prison. I believe that this is a crime that, for a first offense, should be second-degree. Felony second-degree felony punishable by two to eight years in prison and for a subsequent offense should be a first-degree felony, which is 3 to 5 3 to 11 years. Excuse me item number 9 possession of firearm. While committing a felony, we should increase penalties for people who commit felonies with a firearm or whose that's a firearm, while committing a felony. Current law allows for an additional penalty of 1 year when a person possesses a firearm while committing a felony. This should be increased to a mandatory additional 1 to 3 years. I'm 10 using or brandishing a firearm while committing a felony, we must increase penalties for using or brandishing a weapon when committing felony. Current law allows for an additional penalty of 3 years. If a person uses a brandishes that firearm, while committing a felony, this should be increased at a minimum to in mandatory 3 to 5 years in prison. Again, these are my recommendations to the General Assembly. The General Assembly will I hope act upon all of them and exercise their judgment on these I am number 11 the problem of straw purchasers. We must increase penalties for those who buy guns illegally for other people, a practice known as straw purchasing now straw purchasing is illegal under both Ohio and federal law. Today, however, these well, the Ohio law must be toughened and I intend to do that. All too often firearms obtained through these straw purchases are used in serious, violent offenses I am asking the General Assembly to increase the penalties for those who purchase a gun illegally for another person today, the illegal purchaser of a firearm, the straw purchaser. This is the person who actually purchase it for the other person through a straw purchase. That penalty is a third degree felony punishable up to three years in prison. We must increase the penalty for a straw purchaser to at least a second degree felony punishable by two to eight years in prison. Number 12 I'm, also asking the General Assembly to increase, increase the penalty for a person who possesses a firearm. This is the person through the straw purchase who got the firearm and when they get that farm that they know that they know was obtained through an illegal or fraudulent purchase. When a person possesses a firearm, they know was fraudulently obtained. That person should be punished in the same manner as the person who bought the firearm an f-22 the eight years number thirteen. We should increase penalties for people who illegally illegally furnished firearms to minors. The Ohio law provides very well for father and give that gun to the son. This is done all the time we have hunters, but that's not what we're talking about. We find too many of our kids are carrying guns on the streets, often with tragic consequences. So adults through the illegally furnished firearms to Myers, must be held accountable today and properly furnishing and firearm to a Meijer, only a fifth degree, felony up to 12 months in prison, I'm asking the General Assembly to make the crime at least a third degree felony punishable by up to three years in prison action item, 14 school tip line. We are expanding our school safety tip line where kids and adults can call or text anonymously, with tips about potential school violence, I'm calling on Ohio ones today to utilize that tip line. The number is eight, four, four, seven, two, three three, seven, six, four, eight four, four, seven, two, three, three, seven, six: four. We will have that on our website. Tom it'll, be on the public safety website. I believe as well is and again we're asking for people to step up. You see something when you hear something do something we want to make sure people understand that they have the ability to make that call. They can certainly always call their local police. They can call their local sheriff call somebody so we're expanding that school safety tip line. Let me talk about the world of social media, while each one of the mass shooting tragedies in this country is the same, and but it's also different and the lessons that we learn from one should be applied, and it should be cumulative for the lessons we learn from all, but one things that we have seen is that, time after time, the assailant when you go back, you see on social media. The signs were there, they were there. We should have caught up in the 24/7 world. Social media threats can do arise at any time. Our hub is what's called at the Ohio Department Public Safety is expanding, I told them to expand their ability to monitor and track potential threats on social media and to share that information with local law enforcement and with schools. We now have the ability, the software to target specific phrases. Specific words. This is not that we're modern everybody social mirror, but we're looking for that sign from that violent offender that might save a life or ten lives. We will be in touch when we find things with the local schools and local law enforcement partners. I am Sept 16. The budget that was approved by this General Assembly also includes nearly nine million dollars to help harden soft targets like nonprofits and religious organizations, to make their facilities more secure. We have seen too much hate and we're seeing hate targeted at religious groups, and that is wrong. This action, General Assembly, took, is to help them help them prepare help them avoid tragedy. Item 17 working closely with Sandy Hook promise. Ohio schools are now implementing know the signs safety assessment intervention program across the state to know the signs, safety assessment, intervention program, this program, equipped school staff, with knowledge and skills to identify potential threats of violent action and to take steps to intervene. Currently there are 23 training dates already scheduled again. I would appeal to our schools not had that training go out. Take advantage of that. Take advantage of that training. I know also that the Attorney General has additional training in other areas. That could be helpful for schools. Our state is heartbroken. The fabric of our society has been torn. We are shrouded in deep sadness, the needless loss of lives that occur in Dayton as Freya and I. Were there once Sunday I thought about the parents who had lost children, children who had lost parents, friends who had lost friends. Now more than ever, we need to come together. We must come together as the much larger Ohio family, because when one family grieves all of us grief, we have an obligation to each other. We have an obligation to include not exclude people, we have an obligation to help others. We have an obligation to look out for each other. Someone is showing signs of struggle problem, we must help and we must not turn away. There is a saying that and I quote tragedy should be utilized as a source of strength and quote no matter what sort of difficulties or how painful the experiences experience is if we lose hope, that's a real disaster, end of quote so now is our time to be strong. Now is our time as a state to come together: Democrats Republicans, liberals, conservatives, everybody to come together and I'm calling on everyone to do that. Look we might have some differences. We should never forget that what holds us together as Americans as Ohioans is so much greater than any differences. Look. We can do this. We can do the things that I outlined today. We will do them. We can do meaningful things to protect lives, it won't be easy and although it is dark now, the Sun will shine again as we find the grace in the glory and each new sunrise and the hope of each new day. I believe in this state, I believe in its people we can come together. We can come together to do these things to save lives. Let me just add: there's no magic about these proposals. There's no guarantees in life. If we do these they're gonna be violent, someplace in the country. Well, we know there's going to be some violence. It's the world we live in. We understand, but I can tell you this. If we do these things, it will matter. If we do these things, it will make us safer. Each one of these by themselves is not going to solve all the problems, but I believe in my heart that each and every one of them will help each and every one of them will lessen the chance of violence each and every one of them will make this a better state and make this a stronger state. The work that we have ahead of us, though it's not just in these proposals, and if you look at these proposals, quite frankly, particularly in the area of mental health, where we have a crisis, it's going to be the day-to-day slog, the day-to-day work that is going to make the difference. It's the blocking and the tackling I'm, not the football player John is but it's it's you've got, do it every single day, but I can tell you if we're committed to do this, we can do it if we're committed to making sure young kids have more access to mental health. If we're committed to reducing the trauma that they experienced, we can make a big big difference. Let me say something to my home, the Miami Valley, and to the specifically to the people in Dayton. We will spend the next few days burying the dead. We will spend the next few days, hoping and helping that those who have been injured, helping them recover, praying for them, but the people of Dayton and the people of Miami value are resilient. If anybody has a doubt about that, they should have been there Sunday night, where, as far as you could see your people, people holding up handles people going to the scene of the crime and saying we will not be intimidated. Dayton is a great city. It's a city, as we all know the great history, it's a city with a great future. So many great things going on the mayor and I have talked about this a lot she I are both are very optimistic about the future. Updating as people are resilient, because we've already seen so for the people of Dayton, who are better days ahead from the people in Miami Valley. There are better days and ahead. Sun will come up. There will be opportunities in the future. We will always remember those who died. We will always be scarred by that, but we will do what Ohioans have always done and that is pushed forward more happy to respond any questions from the media. Well, the things that I've just outlined, they were all in some process, but look we're all human. The tragedy focuses you, and you know it was time to get him out. The first item that I mentioned as an item that we've been working on for months. We were that close to getting it done back close last two days, John drove it home and we got it done so a you know, it's what I hope. You know what you hope comes out of this is a renewed energy and renewed sense that we need to tackle these problems. Some of them we were already tackling this- gives us a harder push. All of us I think all of us know how to to do these things. I I can't tell you exactly what was in the governor's proposal, Governor Kasich proposal. I will tell you that I'm will. Let Johnny answer this in a moment, but we were very careful to try to do something that wouldn't matter, and that would work but at the same time something that clearly protected due process and guaranteed those individuals due process. Let me just add one more thing before I turn to John one things in answer to the previous question that I hope comes out of this is once this is passed by the General Assembly people know about it and use it each one of us I think. Certainly anybody who's been as close as I have to law enforcement can come up with examples of where we had someone who everybody in the town knew had a problem, I think of one guy who had long I won't say where it was, but he had long term mental health problems everybody knew about. He was an alcoholic and he had an arsenal of guns and everybody sort of knew the day was coming, but nothing but whatever different reasons, nothing got done. So what I hope comes out of this? Not only we passed the law but that people understand that it can be activated now due process is there and John Johnny one. Thank you trying to address the specific question. What was different is that we sat down with the Second Amendment community. They are here today. We invited them to be here and to be part of that process. Their major concern was is their due process under the law and this provision we provide due process under the law. The if somebody is an immediate threat, the police can remove them that exists in our current law, but then there will be a due process through the court system. That will then give the ability for any weapons that the Avenger individual has to be taken by police, but it won't just happen at the police's discretion. It will happen at the order of a judge. That was the primary difference and the sticking point on these issues and instead and said so. We brought people to the table to have the discussion to work it through. There will certainly be discussion about as it goes through the process, but that's the primary difference between what was what was referred to as a red flag law and what we are referring to, which is different than that as a safety protection order which provides for that due process. It's also emphasized. Excuse me, but let me just also emphasize when we say safety protection order, we kind of wrestled with what to call it. The idea is that you're, you know you're going to eliminate some suicides. By doing this, I mean you're gonna help, so it's the public and it's also the individual. Sometimes these people are their own worst enemy, and it's just the way it is so you're going to save some lives there. You can save some lives out in the community who else okay. This is in our prepared statement is what I read. That is that that is the exact process. It is a two-step process, but every stage there is protection, no I think it's literally. We can get you my statement, it is there I mean it is a is a process that is activated. It's a process that is activated initially by a family member or by the police and I. Think that's what so. If you have somebody else out in the community who is seeing this, they can go to the place and report that then you start through the process, and there is basically what I would call a temporary order. That hearing is from three days and then you flip right over into a more permanent order, but in both of those new process, hasit has to take place all the due process right across exam. So you got yeah you gotta get service on the person. In other words, you have to know. If I am, they have to have the opportunity to come to court. So it's all the procedures that we are so used to in a criminal justice system and that we, you know so well. We hope that judges will put this on a rocket docket and we'll deal with it and get the people in and serve them and I'm served make sure they have their due process and get them in there. What we are saying it we hope it happens. Much sooner, what we're saying is the judge would have three days to do this. That first hearing we would then say after that order and there's a different standard of proof there. Then, then, you would flip over into the permit hearing, which would have to be within 14 days, practical issue so that you understand, because I spoke with law enforcement about this I spoke with people from the secondary manemma community. We tried to thread the needle on everybody's concerns, but if somebody is an immediate threat, taking their guns does not remove that threat, you need to remove the person from the situation and then go through the due process to take the weapons away. If the judge so orders, because you there are many other ways to commit violence other than with guns, and so if a person is an immediate threat, we need to remove them and either pink slip them and put them in a mental health facility or put them in jail so that this process can take place. It's not seizing somebody's property without due process. That was the the stick. That was the issue that couldn't get resolved in the past. We've worked with voices across the the broad array of concern. We believe we have those sorted out, and this is heavy JAMA took very good. This is this. What we present this General Assembly is heavy on helping that person, so it's not pure, we won't protect them from themselves, will protect them from hurting somebody else. But if you, if you look at that proposal, you know it calls for a help going directly to that individual and that's that's what it's very heavy on that and we believe, unlike in the past, when it failed that we brought people together and this can pass and become law and and begin to be implemented sooner rather than having the old fights that ended up in inaction. There are a lot of issues that we could talk about. There are a lot of issues that quite candidly, if you're serious about getting results, I'm Congress, ult's oriented guy- some of these things have to be done at the federal level John. You want to add anything to that. No I think that's sufficient and the paper legislator. Look as I indicated there are a lot of this was in the works. In fact, all of it I think there may not be some exceptions, but I'm, not aware of anything that was not already in the works. You know. Part of this is I, have made this very clear throughout this crisis that we're going to do things that matter. We're gonna do things that are constitutional and we're gonna do things that can get passed so making sure something can get passed. Is a key you'll find after four years or eight years with me, I'm bottom line results, oriented I, don't do a whole lot of things just to be doing them, so our job is to get results. Our job is to get something passed and so getting it in the proper form. For example, our item number one which you're just talking about. We needed to make sure that we had the buy-in that we had the assistance from the Second Amendment community, because if we presented that bill to this General Assembly without that the bill would go nowhere. So what I owe the people? The state is results. I, don't know um rhetoric, rhetoric, fine, sometimes an occasion for it, but what they want, and what I've heard year after year from the people of aisle is fix. The problems help us make things better. That's what this proposal does, but as far as the timing of all those that's, why we're trying to get these things in a you know. You know in a way that we can get them passed by the General Assembly IIIi have talked then, with all four legislative leaders. I had those conversations yesterday, I have said to them. We will get you copies of it. I tried to outline in broad brush strokes. What we were going to do. I also said to them. I fully understand that the General Assembly will do what the General Assembly does, which is hold hearings and and look at look at these things. But you know these are all things that I believe can pass. These are all things that we can get done. These are all things that can will make a difference. These are all things that are constitutional and it was great. It was great that Larry Hoff was a great sign. That's the I know he had to go, but he was here and that's a big sign. I talked to all all four of the leaders. We started this Tom you want. Can you come up tom? Stick records I want to get the chronology correct. This is this is not brand new, but it's it's going up like that. So you talk about my general. We start talking about it yeah we did thank you. Tom stare at Director of Public Safety, and we did start talking about this with Attorney General at the one and working on some of these things. At the Bureau of Criminal, Investigation I would say. The difference is we're now being proactive rather than reactive. We've probably historically been reacting with social media. After an event, we you know, go back and take a look at what what we can find out. What we're trying to do now is be more on the front end of the prevention side of it again, not not the NSA looking at every every social media, but but looking at those key words and phrases using software and technologies and trained staff to be on the front end of these situations. There could be yes, this is anybody can do this, so you know well, we worry about correctly worrying about the government state doing it, but when someone puts that out and what we're what we're seeing time after time after time is there a warrant with this? You know you see social with almost every case you're, seeing warnings on the internet, something they're, putting up posting you when you drill down at you see him go back to this young manager, who's, a young man, you see what he was saying in high school. You see social alienation, you see writing things. I mean there's one case a few years ago, tragic case, were you know, person in high school I believe was high school had written. Someone must die on the top of their page. Well, you know teacher said: well, that's not good, but look. These are signs and this is you need. We need to look at this as a package. We need to look at all the different things because part of this, as I pointed out, we had already started down this path: there's 675 million dollars when we asked this legislature to give us wraparound services. It was a direct result to of what we have been seen time and time again that we're having children traumatized and they're having mental health problems and we've got to deal with those mental health problems. So so a lot of this was moving forward, but you have to look at it. I think holistically in how we help kids every every single day. In some cases we're going to be able to identify a kid who's, suicidal in other cases, we may identify a young person who is exhibiting all kinds of bad signs that in you know a few years or not, but not a few years, they'll they'll turn into a killer, so it all comes together. Each one is important: each one should be passed. I see, no reason that all these cannot be passed. I expect the General Assembly to do his constitutional duty to look at these issues to hold hearings to bring in interested parties, but we have tried to put together these proposals that are constitutional, that make a difference and that we think we can get past now. I'm not saying it's gonna be easy, I'm, not gonna, say it's going to be easy, but to get back to a question that was asked a moment ago in reference to folks that folks in Toledo, the momentum that that has been created by this horrible horrible tragedy, you know I think, is putting a spotlight on this you're reporting it more more talk about it, everybody's looking at it more now, as now as it is a window of opportunity for us to change things, to do what we need to do, the connor bad situation, making of one I'm sorry halfway, would blink much wild like that when he was in high school to the mid-level services, your funding was it the parents, the students on the school bus was that the teachers, the law enforcement, because they're all look. First of all, we don't know all the facts about him more facts keep coming out as the news media does the good work it does. But the answer is all of the above. If you look at the combination of all the different things, either that we have already said in place in motion in this budget, that was for those of you from Ohio- was passed in July in that budget and in the additional proposals here. There's ample, we hope, there's ample opportunity to for someone to speak up to identify and the key to identification is you have to be able to do something with it, and so one of the things we heard from teachers is well, we don't have anything, we don't know what to do with it or you know we need to be tied into the social services. So if you look at where our thoughts are and again I've gotten some questions from superintendents about, where is this 675 million dollars over two years supposed to be spent? What can we spend it on in regard to the wraparound services? The the answer is. This is something you can spend it on and what we envision you doing is not you know, creating out a whole cloth, use those resources to tap into the local community resources, so the resources they're already in the community, with the animates reward or other ways to get that. So the answer is all all of the above. Every every school district under this budget will get money. We did what we have done and this legislature is done and tried to make sure every school had the resources to do that, and and when you look at it from that perspective, what you do is you allow the poorest school districts with more poor kids to have more resources because they don't have other resources. So, yes, I am I, am hopeful and confident that every school has the ability to do this. We also have money in there. We didn't talk about this, but which is related. We also have money in there in regard to a social-emotional learning, which is we have put under the under the broad category of how we help young people avoid going down the pathway of addiction. So when you talk about that in there, but that's that's a part of this as well. I do not know much about to visit. My understanding is the president is coming tomorrow and you know I was invited to be there. I've talked to the mayor about the visit, but I don't know that I. Don't at this point, know the final details, what their, what they're going to do was there a second question, look I think it's always appropriate for a governor, the president to go where there is sorrow to go for people are hurting. My understanding of the visit is that's what it's focused on being here, saying: I'm, sorry, it happened. I agree for you. That's part of what life is about and I think that when a president can do that, it's a good thing and I think it's part of the responsibility of the governor. The governor says when I go I said look I represent the people. Ohio people are grieving all over Ohio for you. When the president comes. He can say that about about the country in it. In both cases it happens to be true. They capture everyone's attention. What makes this time well you're gonna have to be the judge of that. I don't have a crystal ball, but these are doable proposals. These are things that really will matter. These are things that we can get done, not say it's easy to get it done, but you know we look at results and what matters is results, and then we do things that will make a difference that will make our children safer, our communities safer or friends safer or family safer. We look at that every day, I mean that's a you know, that's the the job of the governor as I said. Many of these all of these proposals were in some different phase, and we knew that in some cases we could do it ourselves through through executive order or through or agencies, and we down that pathway, but we also knew others. We through our system, need to go to the General Assembly and to get the General Assembly to it to pass them, and so this is a window of opportunity and let's not mess it up. Let's not miss this opportunity. This is our opportunity to do to do. Do these things look well. Thank you for the question. Since this tragedy started on Sunday morning, I I've made clear that every one of these shootings is different, everyone's the same and some respects. Most of them involve a person who is marginalized, for whatever reason. Usually it is a male, usually someone in that range of age but they're different, and if we, after a tragedy, only confine ourselves to doing those things that would have prevented this tragedy. We're missing a real opportunity. So we need to look at all these tragedies together and quite candidly. We also use this opportunity to look at other problems that we have. That might be somewhat related. For example, you'll see in here proposals that I've thought about a long time and I tried to get past when I was the Attorney General and we didn't really get much past, and you know we've been preparing to take to the General Assembly having to do with violent people out in on the streets and in targeting repeat and violent offenders. So we have an obligation to use this as an opportunity to pass things and get things done that are going to save lives. What all these have in common is I am convinced their implementation will save lives, no magic about any of this I can't guarantee. We won't have other tragedies, but what we have to do is is to continue to chip away at this, and we have to continue to do things that that make a difference in that matter. So we look at this not confined. If we only confine ourselves to the facts of this case, we will come up with a very limited answer to our bigger problems on the on the whole package, as it relates to guns. The difference is that we focused on keeping guns away from people who shouldn't have them either for mental health reasons or because they've broken the law and can't legally possess firearms, and we did all that without infringing on the rights of law-abiding citizens. That's why we worked with the Second Amendment community. That's why they. There. We've asked them to be here today, because it's going to take all of us to get this done and we can't finger point and we can't draw lines and this ain't. We have to bring everybody together to do it. We have to listen to the details and we have to work together to get this accomplished and I believe we can and what the governor outlined today is that he's not just focused we're not just focused on one issue: we're broadening the conversation about a lot of the brokenness. That's out there in our world today on the mental health front on the opioid front and the addiction front that it is that he has been such a great champion of you know: suicides all of these things will, as a package, do a part play a part of helping to save lives for people all across the landscape of Ohio. Now, let me just add one other thing: there's a PS, my friends in the mental health community I think would want me to point out the obvious, which is that the vast vast vast majority, in fact way over 90% of the people who have a mental health problem or not viola at all, and so you know, we need to understand that even people with severe mental health problems well over 90% of them or not violently at all. So you know we have to have a lot of different things coming together, for example, for issue before our item number one comes together, but we part of part of our challenges is is is stigmatizing those with a mental health illness. We've got to start treating people with the mental health illness like they had cancer. They had some other problem, medical problem, that we is a medical problem and we got a better something. We've got to get over and we're making progress, but we got to do it. We got to do a better job and that's part of what some of these programs are trying to do. You.