Today, judge bachmann has affirmed our position that johnson and johnson, motivated by greed and avarice is responsible for the opioid epidemic in our state. Johnson and johnson will finally be held accountable for thousands of deaths and addiction caused by their activities throughout the trial Archer. Our our team proved what we have alleged all along that the company used pseudoscience and misleading information that downplayed the risks of opioids leading to the worst man-made public nuisance. Our state in this country has ever seen the opioid crisis. As a result, when opioid sells in Oklahoma began to skyrocket the death toll from unintentional prescription, drug related overdoses mounted, leaving in its wake broken homes, families and communities. We showed how the company repeatedly ignored warnings by the federal government and its own scientific advisors about the dangers of its drugs and the risks of marketing its products. In the way it did. The company promoted its products through unbranded campaigns by funding front groups, and many patient groups meant to look like grassroots organizations that spread the company's misinformation. We have proven that Johnson & Johnson built its billion-dollar brand out of greed and on the backs of pain and suffering of innocent people's. Although we showed the way Johnson & Johnson created the epidemic, we also showed the brilliant work of those in the state who've been serving on the front lines. These are individuals at agencies like the Department of Mental, Health and substance abuse services led by Commissioner Terry white Tom Bates and his team at the Department of Health and at the OSU Center for wellness and recovery led by doctors, kayse, Shrum, Jason, Beeman and Julie crawl. These people I just named in the countless others who I didn't our heroes. It is safe to say that without them there would be thousands more dead and even more would still be in the clutches of addiction. Well, Robert Browning once said a man's reach should exceed his grasp or what's a heaven for so we took the position that, given all the scientific review, all the expert consultation that we did with with folks like teri and her team with addiction scientists in the state and around the country that, given the potential for folks to relapse and given the extent of the epidemic dealing with it comprehensively, was something that we felt was the most responsible way to address this. So we gave the judge of 20-year 20-year plan a 30 year plan again that was designed to ensure that we were dealing with everything that this defendant caused. So what we have is cumulative Lee from other from the other defendants. In this case, we've been able to put together almost a billion dollars to help people in the state deal with the consequences of their actions and we're very proud to be where we are today the judge's order. As we've reviewed, it is very clear with respect to the actions of the defendant and its culpability with regard to the epidemic in the state question over here then, here question over here the judge said one year: did you go back to the judge and ask to the legislature? Well, it's a 40 plus page opinion. We have speed readers on our team, but they don't read that fast, so we're gonna spend some time. Looking at the opinion, we've also we've I've already started meetings with leadership of the legislature and the governor. So there's going to be a united front with regard to how we proceed with this, it's it's. It's going to be an important step forward in dealing with the epidemic. You know. Certainly we would have liked to walk out of here with seventeen point: five billion dollars, seventeen billion dollars and change, but realistically we've been able again to put together almost a billion dollars to help Oklahoma work. Its way through there's no question about it and the record that's now available to my colleagues in other states is certainly something that's going to assist this process around the country. There is no question in my mind that we had to bring this case that it had to be tried that these facts had to see sunlight, that's been accomplished here and at the end of the day, you can't sit in a corporate suite somewhere for the last twenty years and over supply the country ten times more of this drug was coming in and then you had concomitantly fifteen times more people dying from opioid overdoses. So there's no question in my mind that these companies knew what was going on at the highest level. They just couldn't quit making money from it and that's why they're responsible pretty hard question to answer. I'll try I feel like my boys, looking down, it's pretty pretty tough Neil, but I think my son and Austin are celebrating today and we got to get help. That's these other kids, so I'm very grateful for the court for what he did and depends on what you know. These other companies do now and my optimistic I think I think they'll appeal this thing and fight till hell freezes over, but my boy and Austin are fighters and we are -. It's hard because you love your kids, you know you're you're, looking at the worst thing they ever did in their whole life. That's all people judged by Austin was a good boy. My son is a good boy, they got sick and you know what I know, what caused it now and I plan on fighting it in some form or fashion the rest of my life, but anyway, I'm still here and I'm gonna keep fighting hey. Thank you.