Good morning my name is Laura: Walton I'm, the president of Ontario School, Board, Council of unions and I've, been leading our negotiation team in Central Parking on behalf of 55,000 education workers represented by the Canadian union of public employees or kewpie I'm. Here today, with Darcy me Katherine, who is the school boards coordinator for QP and I'm, also joined by Fred Hahn, president of QP Ontario, representing all of our members in every sector throughout the province. As you know, QP members began work to rule job action. Two days ago on Monday September 30th. Our decision to work to rule was taken after we had met with representatives from the Ministry and the council of trustees Association for more than twenty days, despite Q P's best efforts, we were not able to reach an agreement that secured services for Ontario students or delivered a fair deal for the dedicated education workers we represent. We decided to initiate work to rule in the hope that it would create enough pressure to resolve the impasse we had reached with the province and school board trustees. It was a step towards meaningful progress that would lead to a freely negotiated settlement. We were clear: the intent was to apply pressure to employers and the government, while maintaining student safety. This hasn't happened. Instead, we are seeing behavior from our employers that has given us great concern without any justification whatsoever from school boards. We have employers, closing programs and laying off workers. Some boards are paying parents to do the work of QP members. Some are asking students as young as 10 and 11, to supervise students across the province. Boards are cutting more services and putting students at greater risk. This is not safe and this is not sustainable. We have no choice but to invoke the next step in the legal process. We follow for school board bargaining. This morning, QP +, OS BC. You gave the legal 5 day notice that our school board members will commence full strike action on Monday October 7th. Even as we take this step, we are prepared to get a deal that will avoid strike action. We are inviting the Council of Trustees Association and the ministry back to the table for some hard collaborative work. We have cleared our schedules and are available as soon as possible if there is a fair deal to be had parents, students and the public can be assured that QP will find it I commit to the families of Ontario that our team will be doing everything possible to find a deal. That is fair for everyone. If there is no fair deal to be reached, make no mistake: QP members are ready for full strike. Action on October 7th I, now invite Darcy to share Thank You Laura I'm Darcy me Catherine, the Ontario School Board coordinator for QP. We understand that this situation will be stressful for students, parents and communities in the short term, but this government's cuts have hurt students and our schools across the province, and our focus has always been to reverse this damage and to secure services. Qp education workers are determined to respond to the current situation in a way that will ultimately benefit students, families and our communities. We do not take escalating our work to rule to full strike lately. In fact, we believe that a fair deal is with in the provinces grasp. There are outstanding issues, but QP always comes to the table with solutions. The minister and school board trustees have raised the issue of our members, who can't come to work because they are sick and injured, and it is true that this has been a sticking point at our table. We have proposed other measures to address the causes of absences, improving return to work protocols, examining the effects of excessive workloads and classroom violence on sick leave. We have solutions. We are ready to help them address the concerns they have. We aim to secure services for students, services that allow them to get the most out of their learning experience by ensuring that they are safe, healthy and supported in schools. These principles inform every single one of our proposals. We invite the province and the CTA to come to the bargaining table. We urge them to stop fixating on cuts that do nothing to help our students and our workers and instead to focus on securing services for our students and ensuring decent, secure jobs for education workers. It's now my pleasure to introduce Fred Hahn president of QB Ontario Thank, You Laura, and thank you Darcy. My name is Fred Hana I am the president of QP and Ontario. We have 55,000 members who work in our schools, but we also have over 200,000 members who work for cities and towns all throughout our healthcare system and our social services and at universities in every corner of the province. Many are also parents and grandparents of students in schools in Ontario I'm here today to offer the full support of our entire Union in the efforts being put in by our school board workers to use collective bargaining to fight back against the cuts to services in our schools. From the beginning of this process, our school board membership has been clear about their goal to restore services lost by cuts, but of the provincial government to protect services going forward and to do so in a way that doesn't penalize our members. Quintero education workers deserve respect. Students in our schools deserve properly publicly funded and publicly delivered education services. Our communities need public services, not cuts, but the four conservatives have cut hundreds of millions of dollars from Ontario's schools in the last year and that's resulted in the loss of vitally important services and supports for students. Our education workers make, on average thirty eight thousand dollars a year. There's some of the lowest paid workers in our public education system. The majority are women, more than 70% of them are laid off each and every summer they faced years of cuts to the important services they provide they've already faced years of frozen wages and wages that do not keep pace with inflation. They have already had their charter rights violated. Enough is enough, our students, our schools, our communities and these workers deserve a fair negotiated agreement. They deserve better. They deserve services that will actually help students and not penalize workers. We're proud to stand with keepeez o sbcu as they push to negotiate a fair agreement and we will stand with them and whatever actions they have to take in order to do that, keep anteras committed to rallying the support of our union parents and communities in this critical fight for fairness, public services and respect Thank, You Fred. In conclusion, let me say this: make no mistake: Kewpie members are prepared to go on strike. We are ready. We are ready to do the hard work needed to prevent this action. I hope the province and the CTA are prepared to come to the table and do the same I'm, hoping that the government and CTA wants to avoid a full walkout as much as I do I'm giving students and Families my personal insurance that we will do what it takes to get a fair deal that protects the services and that both sides can to be fair, I'm happy to take your questions within minutes of work to rule beginning on Monday school boards had already taken the initiatives to have children as young as 10 and 11 doing supervision. They started laying off canceling programs. We had one board that sent out an incorrect memo, stating that we would not provide a medication to our students. They literally took the weekend to figure out ways to reduce services that are already at a critical point. Yes, yes, in York Catholic, we already have seen them cancel their entire continuing education program programs canceled. Won't it exacerbate the situation rather than Aleve it definitely, and this is to apply pressure, we don't see a work-to-rule. The answer to work to rule in the five days notice is a way to have people. We configure how we're going to provide student services instead, they've essentially just started withdrawing services even further than what our work to rule lays out. So there may be a full strike in order to achieve what we need. The previous question, you know: won't that put the breakfast clubs programs at risk by striking. So the sad story about breakfast programs was in 2008 2012. We actually negotiated additional service monies so that EA's and you sees we're able to have a seven hour workday, which included doing the breakfast program, because we saw that as a much needed services in our school in the last eight years. The government and the school boards have made the concerted effort to reduce all of those services and have cut all of those positions and have asked people to come in volunteer to do it. Instead, we hear what folks are saying about the breakfast program and we're making a move to provide breakfast programs on the lines polling stations at schools across Ontario for the federal election on October 21st. What happens if this strike continues until then? Well, what I'm hoping is that the government and the CTA will get serious that will come back to the bargaining table will resolve. The issues that are outstanding will provide an agreement that is fair for our members and preserves services and that that we won't have to get there. If that does happen. What's the contingency plan, Elections Canada has already sent a list. Some things like that, yeah and and they'll have to deal with that, but there's nothing that our members would do that it would impede the democratic process to allow people to vote Minister last night and and one of the things that he brought up was absenteeism and that there's a you know a pretty high percentage of educational support, workers that are absent and that you know after eleven days, pay is still 90 percent and that ends up costing boards millions and millions of dollars for budgets that are already strained, and that was one of the sticking points allegedly um. What's your response to that? And what do you have to tell Ontarians that may see that as a waste of money, because, most most folks don't have ninety percent pay after eleven days being off work? But the minister calls absenteeism is really the reality that our members get sick at schools. Anybody who has anybody who's, a parent who has a kid that gets sick, knows that their family members get sick. You know this happens in schools, but absenteeism or sick leave also includes people who've been injured at work because their workloads have increased because other co-workers won't replace because they were facing violent incidents. No and no small reason, because there weren't enough supports and services in those schools, and so our team has it as well and is willing to address all of those issues, to figure this out to make sure that that things make sense both for our members and for students and for school communities. I can answer that Travis. So, first of all, it's an average 55,000 people across this province, which means that we do have people who unfortunately receive diagnoses that mean that they're going to be off work for quite a sufficient amount of days, but we also have people who don't use any days at all right. So this is an average, the 15 days, which is not the correct number that we saw in the data that proves that they provided, but as an average of 55,000 people. So that takes into account folks who have cancer diagnosis, who have done surgeries who have had knee replacements. There is a number of reasons folks are off sick. We have said to them. We hear you but you're talking about absenteeism. That is a symptom of the problem. That is not the problem itself. Let's get to the table and talk about why folks are away from work and that is going to bring out conversations such as workload such as workplace, violence such as workplace culture. All of these things will have to be addressed. You can't just point at ill people and punish them in order to achieve minimal savings. We are opened up the invitation today we have not and I do know that the minister has gone on record, saying that we do I have asked for him to send those to me again. I have looked in my calendar, I have looked in my email, I have not seen a single offer of any dates. That's why we're here today saying? Let's get these dates on the table. Let's get to the table, let's roll up our sleeves, and let's make this happen. Definitely it's a and service security. I. Think many of the folks around here have heard me say: service security. Quite a lot. We have huge concerns that we have parents contacting us that there are not EAS to get their children off buses, that there are libraries that are safe spaces for some of our honorable student population being closed because those positions have been cut and it's quite concerning when you take a look at the financial accountability assessment and learn that there is more money going to upper management than is being provided to those frontline workers. That's a real problem and we need to address the level of services. Think the cuts need to be reversed. We need to maintain those services and we need to improve them in the future, because our children deserve nothing less. When I see detrimental effects on students, work to rule dances, paying canceled that sort of thing the government is gonna say that you guys are using students as pawns. How do you respond and what do you say to students that are looking at a fairly bleak future without you without you guys doing so? We had very heartwarming piece come in to us today. We're one of the students in one of our high schools went and tied a purple ribbon around every single locker, the public and the students are standing by us. They understand that there may be some short-term losses, but in the end they are seeing those losses because of what this province and what the school boards have already done when they are not able to have classes that they need in order to graduate and move on. When we have the government and the school boards reducing our jobs, which are good jobs that our students could be performing in the future, they understand that we're fighting for them number seven is: do not administer medication for clerical, our secretaries, don't administer medication. Medication is administered by EAS, that's what is assigned to the medically fragile students. Clerical is the office secretary. They should not be doing medication at all ppm. What ppm 81 actually outlines that it's a legal document and those are education assistants that are aligned outlined in the government's own policy. We are delivering medication that is not struck. Work by our yeas I'm gonna take Collins. You know you guys have the work to real campaign right now. Why is that not enough? Why do you have to escalate this to a full strike? Why can't a work-to-rule get you to where you want it? Yes, definitely, and you know what we did for six weeks last time, so I hear what you're saying, but we did not have employers and the school boards and the provinces making issues like they are right now, where they are actually putting our students in jeopardy. No one who is 10 years old should be assigned to look after to kindergarten classes over lunch hour reason that is happening, and we have no verification that that's happening that you guys are making, but the only reason that is happening is because QP has started work to rule in the first place. So who really is putting students safe? It wouldn't be happening at all. If we had enough services in the schools, that's like you brought that up a couple times now. Parents might find a shock in here 10 and 11 year olds. Looking after students, where is it happening, can you give us? Can you give us specific examples? I have several school boards where it's been reported to us several school boards. Where that's been reported to us, we even had one report coming in where school board's tried to offer students in high school volunteer hours to do supervision, which is actually a violation, because you cannot be doing volunteer hours during school time in accordance to the ministry. So there are several too many to sit here endless today, and the reports keep coming in coming in coming in what is wonderful about this is that our parents are calling our hotlines and our parents are talking to us about how concerned they are they understand why they're doing this? What they don't understand is why schools are being left open across this province instead of the buzzer being handed over to the administration, as per the work-to-rule document, principals have chosen to unlock the doors and leave them unlocked. Why are you informing the media first before the Ministry of Education about the strike action, because, as of ten minutes ago, government didn't know that this was happening? That would be incorrect. They just saved it earlier this morning they received it at 9:30 this morning, so half an hour notice before you guys publicly. When reading your articles, it seemed like many people already knew about it already quick question about whether what it would signal to you if the government recall the legislature to legislate you back to work. That would be a mistake. These workers have already had their rights violated once they're not prepared to go through that again, what people should be doing is taking their time and energy to go, sit at a bargaining table and resolve the issues in a way that provides services for students and doesn't penalize our members. That should be the focus, but the timing of this, the timing. Okay, the political timing, can you say anything to persuade people that this doesn't have to do with the fact that there's a federal election campaign- and you know it might actually you know- harm the Conservative Political Fellows of the Ford government to have terrorist goals in a strike during election time. One would suggest that the action of this government, since June of 2018 are sufficient to already have done harm. We are choosing this because this is the time for our members. We came in very early into the bargaining process to try and achieve a deal before school even went back, and then you give a work-to-rule campaign, a very short amount of time to work. Mike, the public not think you're, trying to create chaos in the Ontario school system to benefit other political parties and hurt conservative and your share. The only chaos that has been created in this system is as a result of the cuts of the provincial government and, of course, we're campaigning against those cuts, as our parents, as our communities as our families. And, of course, we've got to use every tool that we have as a union to try to protect services for students to try to protect the work that our members do. That's what that's, what our members are doing with collective bargaining. The timing of the collective agreements happen to coincide with the timing of a federal election. That was not timing of our choosing. Can schools stay open and you know our our support workers striking, because or does the Union know if teachers are not far behind so that would be taken on a case-by-case basis and it really is dependent on the level of services of the people that we represent in that school I do have school boards, where we only represent one particular employee group, I, don't know if they would shut down versus a school board where we represent a fairly diverse group, it really will be left. I would assume unless the minister chooses differently. I would assume that it would be up to each local school board to make that decision. I'm aware that effo is doing strike votes as we speak workers in general, regardless of what the job title is our really frustrated, and it's frustrating when you're sitting at a bargaining table and you're having someone attack some of your most vulnerable members and asking them to head towards poverty. Just because they've received a diagnosis, that's frustrating and I can see how other teacher groups are following along and doing what they need to do. I respect them, I support them. They know their membership best and will do what's in the best interest of their membership, just as we do what's in the best interest of ours, we've had some really good discussions and then we've had some other discussions that are not very fruitful and I. Don't think, that's any different than any other negotiation table. Everyone comes in with a mandate. You know, I will run folks. You know we did work to rule for six weeks under the Liberal government's as well goes to the crown and to the chair of the Council of Trustees Association. Yes, it would. It goes to the crown who then gives it to the ministry. When did you guys arrive at this decision to escalate? So it's been a long couple of days where we've been fielding. These calls in the decision was placed. We brought in together all of our leaders again last night, and the decision was taken last night in the system with disabilities. Are you concerned that a strike means that many of them would not be able to go to school? I'm also concerned that the future they have right now under this current government and the way the school boards are going, are not providing them the supports that they require day in and day out and I say that as a parent of someone with learning disabilities before this press conference this morning about this five day notice, it was going to be given and if those discussions did take place were there any discussions about teachers crossing the picket line. Should those discussions we gave our partners a heads up as we would, because we all work together in schools and discussions are ongoing about solidarity and support, but each of the teachers unions that we have been in touch with have expressed their support in solidarity for our members, we're going to talk to them about that and figure it out. Oh, we do have someone here to speak French today, okay, well, look that would be ideal. I think it would be ideal, because what we want here is pressure to resolve these issues so that our schools can function and so that people can just get back to doing the jobs they love but they're dedicated to I know. Our goal is to achieve a collective agreement that actually restores the services that work overseas. Well, if, if that is a decision that the government takes, but by way of their actions- and it will be their actions that lead us there- you made one quick allegation: I believe that the front doors of schools aren't being lost. Yes, is there an understanding of what you know potential you know negative outcome could be from that. Absolutely we asked we never asked for the doors to be unlocked. If you look at the documents that were provided, we have said that they need to return the buzzer system over to the administration. It's the school boards in the administration who have taken the tactic to unlock the schools rather than continuing using the buzzer system. They would be the ones choosing to leave the door. We did not there's nothing in ours that says that it actually clearly states to return the use of the buzzer to the administration. I know you said previously worked. Rule campaigns have been much longer what was carrying on, but we're still going to begin tearing continuing this on we're. Not stopping work to rule we're going to continue on that factor is just the extent that the school boards are doing. Unlocking doors is a really good example. That's not a safe practice. That was not done last time, we're willing to go back to the bargaining table and have good discussions about where we need to be in order to achieve a fair, collective agreement that is going to provide services to our students, schools and communities, but also ensure that our members are taken care of nope. If you see any light at the end of the tunnel, let's say Sunday night Monday morning. Are you guys willing to absolutely the goal here is to get a collective agreement? Oh confident are you that you have the public support.