As mayor of Canada's capital, Jim Watson has participated in lots of capital pride parades, but this one is special I'm getting a lot more hugs today than I did in years gone by, and that feels great. Last week in a column in the paper, Watson opened the closet door and told the world he's gay I've been thinking and tossing, and turning about it for the last year or so and I just thought: I had a week's holiday and PEI and had some time to reflect and sat down and wrote the piece and I thought it would be difficult to write, but it just came flowing out. I met a few little editorial changes and then sent it to the newspaper, the column, a national in international headlines and brought good wishes from around the country and around the world. It's been really overwhelming. I'd say about 95 percent, very kind, thoughtful comments and there's always five percent that are not so not so warm and fuzzy. But it's been quite an experience for me. I think it's really important that such a strong important person and can come out of the closet whenever they feel comfortable, 40 years sure for a huge figure, like the mayor of the capital city of our country, to be able to do that. That was an amazing thing for some their opinion of their mayor changed. Actually it does. It changes my opinion and that he felt strongly enough to reveal a private part of himself that he kept so privately and it yes, my opinion of him has gone up immeasurably because of it pride parades. Another events like it had been around Canada for about 40 years and they played an important role over those years in changing society's views about the LGBTQ to community, making it easier for people like Watson to come out. You really feel the sense of warmth and love here at the Pride Parade. It took Watson 40 years to make the decision to tell the world he's gay, and he has some advice for those thinking about coming out. What I said in the column was that you know don't feel pressure to come out. Do it on your own terms, but at the same time don't wait for 40 years, like I, did David I can Global News.