Hello I'm David akin, and this is the West block policies, perspective and players. Well, the election campaign is underway and politicians are Criss crossing the country. Looking for your vote and ahead of that October 21st vote, one of the most critical areas in the country will be the Greater Toronto Area in writings, like Whitby, there's no incumbent, both the liberals and conservatives are working hard to win here: I'm, Todd, McCarthy and I'm the Conservative candidate in Whitby. What we're all hearing at the door is, affordability is the number one issue for people here in would be the high taxes. The broken promise is the fact that the Trudeau government is out of touch in terms of their priorities. They just don't feel that the government of mr. Trudeau reflects their values or their priorities they feel talked down to. They feel that mr. Trudeau is arrogant and right here in Whitby Selina, who was a former Liberal MP elected in 2015. She left the Liberal Party she rebuked mr. Trudeau, and she decided not to run again because she couldn't tolerate working with someone. She couldn't support on a matter of principle. I respect her for that, but if his own Liberal MP turned on him, what does that say about him in his party? So Whitby has a clear choice to make and it was a very close election last time we're working hard to make sure that we get our message out to get our positive vision for Whitby and Canada to the doors and it's resonating. People are overwhelmingly agreeing to take long signs and, as I said, the number one issue is affordability, high taxes. People want to do their part for the environment, but the problem is the carbon tax doesn't get it done. It just puts people under a greater burden. It'll increase the price of gas by as much as 11 to 23 cents per litre in the coming year or two, and our choice is resonating. The Green Home Tax Credit is really what people want its citizens choosing to make a positive impact to fight climate change to do their own part to reduce their carbon footprint. So that is a positive choice which gives our citizens a tax credit reduces. Their taxes gives them a tax refund, puts more money in their pocket. It's all part of our of helping people get ahead. Hi my name's Ryan Turnbull and I'm the Liberal candidate for whippy there's. Definitely clear trends like the issues that are coming up for people in web D I would say to talk one that I've heard at the door is climate change. People are concerned about our climate they're concerned about our you know, protecting our environment and they want to see action. A lot of people think we need to go further than what we've ever done before, but I think there's a lot of support for climate change being one of the key other. You know issues like unemployment, I think people are recognizing that the Liberal government has, you know, created a million jobs and achieved you know reducing unemployment to a 40-year low, so I think you know the Liberal government is being well received at the door. Professor peter grave teaches politics at McMaster, University in Hamilton Ontario and professor sketch it out for us. Why is this part of the country, the Greater, Toronto, Area or GTA? So important, and how do you expect the campaigns to deal with this area? Well, two reasons: on the one hand, it's a greatest population center in Canada, and so you have the largest number of seats up for grabs, and the second thing is that these are seats that change, so they voted conservative in 2011 to deliver a Stephen, Harper majority and liberal in 2015 to deliver a Justin Trudeau majority. So the fact that they're in play makes some extra interesting for the parties, so in downtown Toronto, for instance, the NDP did very well in 2011 and the Liberals in 2015. So presumably it will be a conflict between those two in the seat, rich suburbs of Toronto, it's much more between the Liberal Party and the Conservative Party, although even there we saw in the last provincial election, the NDP did better and given that mr. Singh is from Brampton, there may be some surprises in parts of the the Greater GTA. But it's mostly a liberal conservative fight in the suburbs. Clearly, the parties recognize that people living in that area are finding it tough economically. They feel that they're working hard and not getting ahead and so I guess it will be whether they are looking for a solution in a sense of thing that will hit them directly in the pocketbook like removing the GST from home heating, as Andrew Shearer has proposed, or whether they look for more collective solutions to say we need better investments and things like housing or pharmacare, and that would help bring make the ends of the months a bit easier, in which case a party like the NDP or the Liberals might be more interesting to them. You.