As you know, yesterday on the floor, 354 members voted in a bipartisan way to oppose the president's dangerous decision in regard to Syria by two-to-one. Republicans voted to oppose the president's actions. There are only 60 votes in favor of the legislation. The legislation would have called for Turkey to use restraint for us to help our friends to be a trustworthy Ally to two Kurds, especially in humanitarian needs. Now that they're being bombed by the by the Turks are being attacked by the Turks. It also calls for the president to show a clear plan for how Americans will be protected from Isis, which has been further unleashed green light to the Turks actions taken that are renege on our handshake with such with the Kurds and now and now we need to have a plan to deal with what happens with Isis. As you know, that was the subject of conversation yesterday at the White House I also pointed out to the president, I had concerns that the L road seemed to lead to Putin. The Russians have been trying to get a foothold in the Middle East for a very long time. Unsuccessfully, and now the president has given them an opportunity with the Kurds reaching out to them for support in Syria. They have the Russians were the beneficiaries of any withholding of assistance or encouragement to the Ukraine again Putin benefits the Russians benefited Putin did only president could place some doubt about our commitment to NATO right from the start of his administration. All roads lead to then president said well reason I'm, taking the troops out of too serious, because I promised in the campaign to bring the troops home. My question to him was: is Saudi Arabia home the Saudi Arabia home? Why are our troops going to Saudi Arabia? If you promised to bring them home? He said well, the Saudi Arabians are paying for it that really we're putting our troops in harm's way for Saudi Arabia, because they were paying I, it just didn't add up, but what it did do was caused a meltdown on the part of the president, because he was unhappy with that those questions and it was unfortunate because we really went to we were invited to the meeting. The president started off the meeting by saying I, don't know who else for this meeting I didn't I'm more like well. Well, let's proceed anyway, and we had hopes a real mission was to find out what the plan was. Leader. Peter Schumer was very forceful in that discussion, but the president. What is the plan my plan is to protect America? That's a goal: that's not a plan. What is the plan for us to be protected from Isis now that some of them have been unleashed in Syria because of the green light that the president gave the Turks and and reneging on our trustworthiness as an ally with the Kurds who had been our friends so for these and other reasons that was most unfortunate.