Yes, we don't comb Special, Counsel anymore, mr. Robert Muller. We can go more into that if you wish, but on one focus. One focus I want to make is in his testimony. He said that the Russians are attacking our elections in a sweeping and systemic fashion and that they are doing it as we sit here, a disruption of our election that happened in 2016, and now they are doing it again. That was Wednesday when mr. Muller testified him person. On that. Yesterday, the Senate Intelligence Committee released a bipartisan report showing that the elected election system in all 50 states were targeted by Russia, and yet the president calls us a hoax and Senator McConnell refuses to act just as the other day in the Senate. There were something there were a number of bills, one of ours, the SAFE Act that would save our Federal Elections Act that the Republicans objected to bringing to the floor the pub this is a this is about patriotism for our country. Our electoral system is the heart of the matter of our democracy, and yet the Republicans still continue to say no need to protect that the path that we have is a one that respects that the states could manage our elections, but when it comes to federal elections, we want them to have the resources to do their job well, so we will continue to legislate on that score, legislate, investigate and litigate on that on other issues that mr. Muller testified to as well. No I'm not trying to run out of pot. Let's get sophisticated about this. Okay, okay, would that be? We won't proceed when we have what we need to proceed not one day similar and everybody has the liberty and the luxury to espouse their own position and to criticize me for trying to go down the path in the most determined positive way again. Their advocacy for impeachment only gives me leverage I have no complaint with what they are doing, but I know the mother. What president would keep calling him special counsel. Mother mr. Muller said the other day confirmed, confirmed in the public mind that the president has obstructed justice. You know what he said. It could have exonerated own people whatever didn't, but he was not able to investigate the president's finances, personal business or otherwise, and that is what we are doing in the courts so I'm willing to take whatever heat there is there to say when we run the decision will be made in a timely fashion. This is an endless and when we have the best strongest possible case and that's not endless either I mean it may be endless in terms of the violations of the law that the president is engaged in. But that's what I say to you I, don't think there was any hatchet. Well, that's! That's! That's we're in that political arena. Let me just say this because I have some level of confidence and actually joy and seeing diversity in our caucus. We are the Democratic Party. Ever since I came here, we have been engaged in differences in a pen of opinion in our caucus, and that is a good thing. We are not a lockstep rubber-stamp representation of anything except representatives of our district and what that means. So in our caucus we have our differences, respect that, instead of making a big issue of it, respect that those are our differences and how we express ourselves as representatives of our districts is our responsibility. I've never seen actually like. Yesterday, we had 219 votes for the bill. If anybody asked any questions about that 219, a very unified, very unified caucus in doing what we needed to do for the American people, even though it was a compromise, even though it was a compromise. I certainly wanted more, but it was a compromise when we win the White House and we win the United States Senate and we continue to win the House of Representatives and we'll have more leverage in that conversation, but I, don't think they're ever I would never even say that it was a hatchet, but I do think that we we sat down today. We had a good meeting and the congresswoman is a very gracious member of Congress. So we've had a very positive conversation about our districts and how we represent them, our country and how we need to meet the needs, the diversity of America and the challenges we face in terms of issues and how immigration and people are respected, I again referenced, Ronald Reagan, as opposed to the current occupant of the White House, so I feel I've always felt I again, it's like your and a family and a family. You have your differences, but you're still family is that your family, your family, always agree on everything. You do have meetings in your family- oh my god. Oh my goodness! Well, you may be a model for us and we just had a meeting to clear the air.