And we will go from there, so let me just cover who will be talking tonight, we'll have start off with Scots Trent fel. Our senior meteorologists will give a briefing about what we've seen with the current event also shares the thoughts about the future event. We have mark Quayle on our incident commander for the current outage, that's affecting about nine hundred and sixty thousand customers and then we'll have some closing comments from and evz who is, president and chief executive officer of Pacific, Gas and Electric Company. So with that I'm gonna welcome, Scott up to the podium all right, Thank, You Keith, so I am Scott strand, fella, PG&E, meteorologists and, as I think we're all aware. A very strong Diablo windstorm unfolded overnight continues today and by most metrics we have evaluated. It appears like it is the strongest storm offshore wind storm that we've seen since October 2017 and by some metrics stronger than October 17. We do have a rarer. Mono wind event appears to be arriving now in the southern sierra near the Madera and Fresno County border near the communities of O'berry and Oakhurst, one of our weather stations. In the community of North, Fork was only gusting to six miles per hour as of 3:30 p.m. but as a 4:00 p.m. shot up to 40 mile miles per hour with RH plummeting into the teens, and you know, I highlight this area, because this is an area that experienced extensive tree mortality due to the recent bark beetle epidemic. So we've been keeping alright closely our eyes closely on that situation down there we have seen some impressive wind gusts today, I'm sure you've all seen some of the values out there. In the North Bay, we saw multiple peak gusts recorded at or above 90 miles per hour, one of our readings from our PG&E weather station, topped 100 miles per hour, and it did record sustained wind gusts 78 miles per hour and we'll go out there and verify that that station was reporting correctly on the on the top of Mount st. Helena. We also had couple of weather stations, one of them sustained winds were recorded to 72 miles per hour with this event again, coupled with very dry relative humidities and just to put those wind speeds in perspective. A sustained wind of 74 miles per hour is considered hurricane-force peak wind gusts down the Sacramento Valley generally 50 to 60 miles per hour. Travis Air Force Base did gusts to 64 miles per hour. Today in the northern Sierra we saw peak us in the 62, a 70 mile-per-hour range based on the wind speeds and reports of damage that we are already receiving in some of our urban locations and information that I've been receiving for multiple sources. We do anticipating. We do anticipate our crews, finding significant damage to our assets from vegetation and other sources once the patrol process commenced and put in perspective with the event that we went through on October, 9th and 11th, we found over 120 instances of damages and hazards. In that event, and given the wind speeds that we saw in this event, much stronger I expect to find expect our crews to find much more damage to our assets out there. So a team of PGD meteorologists continued to not only monitor this event as it moves north to south, but a potential upcoming event and I'll mention that we will issue the all-clear when conditions warrant. So that field crews can get out there and do their important work of restoring energy to our to our customers. We have already issued the all-clear for some of our areas in the far north portion of California, so crews are they have given the all-clear and, for instance, locations around Redding and north of Redding and into the Humboldt Trinity area, and we anticipate giving the all-clear for all locations in Northern California sometime early tomorrow morning, dependent on real-time observations from our weather stations and observers that we've placed strategically out in the field. Unfortunately, as I alluded to, we are actively planning for another or wind event to impact Northern California Tuesday morning into Wednesday morning than our southernmost portion of our territory. Kern County, particularly the T hatchapee area, Tuesday night into Wednesday. Overall, we are expecting the wind component of this second system or third system and losing track now to be weaker than the current event that we're in. However, we are expecting fuels and the fuel component to be more significant because they will be drier after drying. Out with this event, the northern operations predictive services interagency forecast Center also does indicate that critically low fuel moisture values have been reached in several areas across California and Northern California, including the PG&E territory, and that fire danger indicators such as the energy release component from the national fire danger rating system in many locations, are at near or exceeding historical values. We do continue to coordinate and and partner with our county state and federal forecast agencies on daily interagency coordination calls and everyone assent is essentially a line that we do have another period of high risk coming up for that event, that I mentioned Tuesday through Wednesday, so with all the bad news that I've been up here, letting you know about for the past couple weeks, I do have a sliver of good news in that we're not a another event. Beyond that event, Wednesday weather models do not anticipate having a fourth event for us, so with that all in there turn it back over to Keith Thank You Marc good afternoon everyone. My name is Mark Quinlan I'm. The incident commander for our PSPs event, the 10:26 PSPs event about nine hundred and sixty-five thousand customers have been impacted at one time or another associated with this event. I'll get into the specifics of that. In addition, we've received roughly a hundred thousand. As of the beginning of this conference. We have about a hundred thousand customers that are out of service based on emergent outages. Yesterday, I signaled, there's a large footprint, that's associated with PSPs, that's the nine hundred and sixty five thousand portion, but we did experience or anticipate that there would be additional customers interrupted on the energized portions of our system due to the heavy winds that we were anticipating and that has shown itself this afternoon. So our restoration efforts are on a couple of fronts, were dispatching crews and our first responders out to these emergent outages, as we normally would do in the winter or during regular day-to-day business for outages, and we are also starting our patrols and our restoration process on some of the areas of our service territory, Scott referenced them, namely in the North Valley, the northern Sierra and the North Coast. If you recall the zones, we split our system up into six zones, a seventh zone came in for that mono wind. That Scott mentioned that's occurring right now we were able to pull forward the all-clear times for zones, one and five, that's about 18 fire index areas and represents about 8 of 38 counties that were impacted. So with the changing weather conditions we go with the forecast. We monitor the actuals timing shifts on occasion. It's been favorable for us. So far we weren't, anticipating being able to start our patrols and restoration on a few of these zones until tomorrow, but they came in early wind conditions decreased in those areas and it allowed us to start a little earlier. So that's very, very good news. At one point, we were actually patrolling and restoring areas in the northern area of our service territory and, at the same time, Dee energizing southern areas of the service territory, because it's such a large 70,000 square mile service territory, so lots of operational complexity associated with that, but so far being done safely and without any disturbances or impacts to the overall interconnection in the state of California or the larger West footprint. The good news is that all clears for all of the remaining zones will occur sometime tomorrow morning between 0 600 and 0 800. There was a small area in Kern County that we're still monitoring. We feel that that's going to drop out of scope because wind conditions are not coming in is originally forecasted. So that's good news for the folks down to the South to Scotts point. The next event is October 29th and that begins between zero, eight hundred and zero nine hundred in the morning, and it ends roughly October 30th at ten o'clock so similar to this event, the footprint is similar. Customer counts are a little bit different, a little less impact than what we've experienced so far with this event. But the timing will be similar where we'll have areas of the state that come into play, where we need to de-energize earlier than some other areas, so we're working with the meteorology team and running all of our advanced analytics and looking at our forecast models to make good informed decisions because it's referenced yesterday. We do not want to interrupt any customers any earlier than we need to want to do this as close to the high-risk period as possible, because we understand how and burdensome power interruptions are to the general public were included in that. So we completely understand in terms of our field resource team that has started the patrol and restoration sequence, 6,000 field employees, roughly a bit north of that we have 44 helicopters that we're using to do air patrols. We're also continued to leverage that night flight capability. That's been furnished to us through Cal OES on the fixed-wing aircraft. That has the ability to see some of our conductors at night via high-res camera and some infrared technology. So that's saving some time for us to do patrols at night number one and then it allows us to redeploy the helicopter assets to the distribution system. The following morning, we have made a request for mutual assistance to our partners in the industry that consists of 130 employees that have already arrived on the PG&E system and are working. They are Patrol resources, qualified electrical workers to help us do these patrols. We have 110 additional employees that have committed and will be on the system tomorrow for their safety briefing and onboarding. We've also made a request for a hundred and fifty additional four-person heavy construction crews to help us out with any type of repairs that we need to address as a result of the high winds and we've been working with some contracting partners to secure an additional 40 helicopters that would be incremental to the 44 that we already have, and that would really expand our air attack on this and enable us to restore quicker than usual. We remain by the side of cAL FIRE on the Kincaid fire footprint. We understand it's still a volatile situation, especially with the high winds and the impacts to the to the fire, but our team is they're working under their direction and we're doing everything that we can to support those first responders. Finally, in regards to crcs, we have 60 community resource centers that are open referenced yesterday, that the hours of these are between 8:00 in the morning to 8:00 in the evening and there's a number of different amenities that are provided for our customers to recharge phones, get water, hot drinks, dry, food, Wi-Fi access and things like that to provide a little comfort during these times. So with that, that concludes my operational briefing and I'll turn it over to Anne dvz Thank You Marc good evening. Everyone I'm Andy, Beasley I, am the president and CEO of the Pacific Gas & Electric utility. That means I have oversight for all of our utility operations. Let me start with the gratitude for the first responders fighting the Kincaid fire. It is a volatile situation. I spent my day touring around Sonoma County I actually visited with our incident command at Rohnert Park, that is supporting cAL FIRE in meeting the challenges presented by the Kincaid Fire we're working closely. We are working at their direction and I will tell you that what I saw today left me very satisfied with the work that PG&E people are doing in support of the first responders on the Kincaid fire. I. Think, what's important to note is that this is about all of us I keep saying that, but this is about a sense of community about neighbors, about our friends when you think about the PG&E workforce. That's those are people who live in your communities. They are your friends. They are your neighbors. They are part of this. They feel it personally and they take personal responsibility to ensure that they are doing everything they can to make sure that you remain safe as well, but there are obligations on all of us. I also had the opportunity today to visit our CRC's up in Marin and Sonoma County. I would recommend that if you need your phones charged, if you need to find relief or comfort and if you are impacted by the PSPs, please seek out those centers. Their locations are listed on our website, PG&E, comm, PG, comm, all right, okay and the reason I say that is, is because, as you heard in the weather, we're coming up to another event, which might be on the heels of this one, very close with its emergence during the morning hours of Tuesday, as we said before, and we continue to stand -. It is our objective to restore every customer, that's impacted by a PS PS as quickly as we can as safely as we can, and we always want to do that before they experience another event. This one's going to be tight. We have over 600 thousand accounts that we'll have to notify if they're going to be within scope- and you know that we do write, we do notify 48 hours out 24 hours out four hours out right up to the event, and while that could change, there is a concern that we may have customers who are impacted by this event. Who may not have normal communications available to them. They may not have the radio they may not have the television they may have left their devices loose charged in expectation that they soon would have their power back. What I urge as I urge all of you to ensure you are prepared for the fact that your power may not come back and saying that please make sure your devices are charged. If you can't do that in a place that has power at a friends or relatives or at a community that still has lights, please go to the CRC's and charge your devices. It's imperative that we're able to communicate with you during these type of vests, and we ask that you do that, because preparedness is everything we all have to be prepared for these events and your ability to manage through these events without great trauma is based on preparedness, and we will do what we can to assist, and we ask that you do things that you need to do to make sure that you're capable of managing without parachute and not come back on now now is that the CRC's I did talk to customers and you're right. What we do is not popular I will tell you that people congratulated us there. People were angry, but I talked to not to have to hear from them how good a job we were doing, but I talked with them to find out what we, what more we can do. What are the issues that they're facing how we can help, and we had those conversations and I came back with ideas and we will start to implement some of those and I'm not going to talk about what they are per se, because I want to make sure that we get them out and done. But this network of CRC's is a valuable thing and I hope you take advantage of them. One of the questions that came up was always the question of the scale and scope. Do we have to do is so broadly, why do certain communities have lights and others don't? And we try to explain that, as we've said here before we bring engineering and analytics to this question, we look at years and years of meteorological data years and years of outage data, and in doing that, we look for the highest risk zones where we have the potential for catastrophic wildfire and, as we've said, the thing we try to prevent is debris contacting our lines in high wind zones where there is dry and plentiful fuel and the probability of fire spread is significant. So when you think about 30,000 miles of conductive, which is more than can wrap around the earth, the question is: that's: what's in scope, to do anything less to do anything less would basically be rolling dice around public safety and we will not roll the dice when it comes to public safety. So that's why it happens. That's. Why is that significant and broad as it is, when you hear about the wind data that we had in 100 mile an hour gusts and sustained winds and the 55 to 60 mile an hour zone? We believe that these decisions continue to be right, but the obligation on us in doing these pre-emptive shut offs is to ensure that we understand the hardship our customers face and do our best to ease that burden. So we've started notifying customers for the next shutoff and again. I would hope that everybody does prepare. We continue to work with relevant agencies because we cannot provide everything ourselves. I also visited one of the Red Cross shelters, which was nearby one of our crcs and I can understand the challenge and magnitude of dealing with individuals that have to be evacuated from their homes. We don't take this lightly, we take it personal and we will do what we can. The last thing, I will say is that once again, we've had instances where our field workers have been accosted and threatened, and we would just ask that, while we know and I personally know that, there's a lot of anger out there do not. Please do not direct that to our men and women. Our employees are contracted people who are there for only one reason to keep you safe, but to ensure that they can restore your energy and power as quickly as possible. So with that we'll open it up to questions all right, so questions the room David, you want to start any questions. Betty, you KPIX. Can you speak specifically to what the Bay Area could expect in terms of impact during this next round that begins on Tuesday? Thanks for the question Betty right now, the event is still under scope. I will say that, from a geographical perspective in terms of areas of the service territory, they're impacted it's very, very similar footprint a little bit reduced, so the Bay Area footprint from a North Bay perspective will be nearly identical when we start getting into the East Bay and South Bay smaller scope, and then, regarding the current shutoff. Do you know how many customers were affected that were not included in the original PSPs that may have lost power or experienced down lines or damage or anything of that nature, and by original PSPs? Can you clarify on that did not get an alert that they may lose their power, but since yesterday they may have lost their power. Oh I need to ask follow-up questions so that I get this right for you. So are you referencing the people that were energized and experienced in an emergent interruption because of regular wind activity that weren't part of PSPs? Yes, I can tell you that, right before this conference, we were at about a hundred thousand customers that were currently out of service because of that caused emergent. I would anticipate, though, that throughout the day that number is larger over a hundred thousand and they wouldn't be normally notified that you know they're going to be interrupted because they weren't part of the scope for PSPs. So there's a difference between proactively shutting off the power and then areas of the service territory that don't have that fuel risk or the mountainous terrain, but are still exposed to the winds which we anticipated would have some outage activity. We would not have proactively notified them. Our notifications are kind of focused on the plan. Eruption piece, not the unplanned I hope that answers so much like a winter storm about someone who would not get a notification that their power is going to go off because we don't know where there's gonna be damage on the system PSPs. We do have evaluate that. It's mark noted nine hundred and forty thousand, and then we have skated a little bit yesterday afternoon with the folks down south of Madera and Fresno County. So those are the ones that did receive notifications, hello, loose fan, yeah with abc7 news. You mentioned that you notified some customers about the potential of Tuesday sheriff's. Can you maybe specify how many were not a fight, and also you also mention that some people are you know they don't have power right now. Search has that some of those customers, I still don't have power at this point, are now going to have power, maybe until Wednesday Thursday, because of this new round. So thanks for the question, I'll answer the last one first, and this is consistent with Andy's remarks. There is a potential that there may be people that are currently interrupted as a result of this PSPs event that we do not get to restore before the weather becomes unsafe again, and they remain out of service and are out until we get the final all-clear we're in the process of determining where and who, because we understand how important that is to customers, we understand that they need to make plans and- and we want to be transparent, as we can we'll know by tomorrow morning in regards to the customers, the first part of your question that were notified of this, this upcoming event on the 29th. We made our t minus 48, our 48 hour, advance notification today and we'll make a 24 hour notification tomorrow and then the eminent for our notification right before we turn off. So we notify just over 500,000 customers today of a potential for PSPs. That number will change before the 24-hour notification goes out and there's two ways that changes. The first element is weather, weather conditions change. Obviously, the footprint changes of the assets that could be impacted, that's one aspect. The other aspect is the transmission component, so we have a transmission system and a distribution system, distribution, configuration and customer impacts is rather easy to determine. Transmission is a little more difficult to determine because it involves performing power, flow analysis and it it involves us working closely with the California ISO to simulate the removal of that equipment to see what the impacts are on the Greater interconnection. So it's not a an easy proposition, such as distributions, so we're working on that and when we get that additional impact, we'll add that to the 500 and then we'll make that t minus 24 all in the same general areas that we've had today. It's really just a matter of expansion of the geography, so same zone also that the weather all clear that we're getting my essentially daybreak tomorrow is ahead of what we thought so that'll help us out yeah. So you kind of set it right there Keith, so we were anticipating most of the all clears to take place tomorrow, sporadically throughout the day, really weren't, anticipating many of those zones coming available to us to start our our process until tomorrow, and luckily we were able to start on two of those today so think of it as a head start. But all of the remaining areas that are impacted right now will have all clears issued in the morning between zero, six and zero, eight, which is good news for us, because that coincides with about the start of daybreak, and that means that we'll have a full twelve thirteen hour period to facilitate conduct air patrols, and we anticipate restoring a lot of people tomorrow, David David Baker with Bloomberg a couple of numbers questions: do you actually have anybody restored? Yet, in this event, since you've had the all clear up north, we do the number the numbers change. Once we get into full swing of things, we we restore anywhere between ten and twenty thousand an hour on average, once we're at full force all the aircraft in the air everybody moving. So we had some small incremental of restoration activity right before this press conference. I expect we'll probably have 20 to 50,000 customers restore while we're here we were right in the middle of a move of returning a transmission line to a substation that would restore about 20,000 customers, so I'm very optimistic that we'll make it we'll put a dent in those numbers tonight and we'll work all the way up to points where it's you know safe to do so we'll work into the evening. It's at at some point, we'll have to stand down and then we'll pick it back up in the morning and just to clarify and the numbers that you were talking about earlier between the public safety shutoff that we had it's roughly nine hundred and sixteen thousand ninety six, the approximate that and the unexpected outages that just come with the storm. A hundred thousand. You ended up with more than a million. What else rest emerge that the lost power? That's correct! Well, we'll know exactly how much after the event is completed, every outage that we have either planned or unplanned we document we do an interruption report, state cause and file that in our records. So we measure our performance on that. So we'll we'll have all of that data available post-event. So it will definitely be north of a million one. Last question that somebody asked one: are you aware of any incidence today we had so many fire starts today. Are you aware of any that might have been tied to some of your power lines? I saw in KPIX, they were saying there might have been a downed line next to the Lafayette Tennis Club, when that went up. I didn't hear about that fire. A lot of attention to the fire that broke out near the the bridge, the Carquinez bridge, that caused a cup of two of our lines to operate from the smoke and that put our system in a little bit of a degraded state as it relates to reliability. So our intent there was to allow the fire to move pass through under the lines and when it was safe to do so confirm there were no temporary flight restrictions with cAL FIRE and then get a ship in the air after the winds died down a little bit and we patrolled that line and as the start of this conference, we had about 50% of the line patrolled. We had the line, patrolled in the area, the fire and it patrolled good. We were running it all the way back to its source, closer to moraga, just to confirm that there wasn't anything, no interaction or interference with that that section of it and if not we're going to reenergize that put that parched portion of the system normal. That was the only impact no damage just operational activity due to the smoke actually started that fire negative over here Joaquin following out the San Francisco Chronicle, just to follow up on David Baker's question, any other incidents that that you know. Besides the Vallejo one I saw reports of Milpitas, also the Lafayette as well a fire in Lafayette that might have been related to release anecdotal reports that there were. You know down lines in the area. Yeah I don't have that information, but we have our wildfire safety operations center. We have that up. That's a 24/7 facility that monitors fire activity, both emergent and planned, controlled burns, and they were very active today. Tracking fires, our primary intent there, when we are notified of a fire, is what we need to do to support the fire suppression efforts with either the local agency or cAL FIRE, depending on the size and scope of the event. We don't really focus on causation of ignition or anything like that, and we always cooperate with the agency who has control the scene. So there also is a wildfire safety operation center analyst that is full-time in our Emergency Operations Center as part of my staff as the IC of the event, so that they're right there and they've got direct access to all of those systems that we use to monitor fire activity. Well, this is anybody else. Our David Unified will go loose after that yeah just sort of an overall question I mean the last big PSPs we had here. There was a lot of criticism about how it was carried out and things that didn't work well in terms of the website, call centers and things like that operationally. How do you feel this one is going in comparison? Well, maybe I should should answer that I think the execution on this one was improved. All right, I think the major elements that we dealt with, which needed significant improvement as we got a lot of advice and criticism, was that really around coordination coordination with the counties, the coordination with tribal governments, tighter coordination with all state agencies and better communications with our customers? And that's where we've been focusing in the core of our operations? When you talk about the planning, the scoping, the reconfiguring, the de-energization, the reenergize, ation I. Think that and I say this without a sense of of of pride in my own organization was performed as well as they could be performed when you think about the last major PSPs and credit to Mark and his team and all the hard-working men and women in the field, when we had 780 thousand more or less accounts that would be energized. The speed at which we brought those back was quite remarkable and I would say, would be unmatched in the industry. Now granted we weren't dealing in a storm situation. This was a planned event and therefore you would expect and move more smoothly, but I will say, given the magnitude and scale of our technical operations that were safely performs, because this is dangerous work, it was was I, think set a new standard, but where we definitely needed to improve, and we made significant improvement and we're not yet done making improvements is in the coordination with everyone else, who's part of this, and recognizing that you know it's not only the counties. It's not only the other relief agencies, it's not only the tribal governments. The literally is the customers that have to be involved, and the danger with your business like ours, is that we are very good operationally and we tend to have an operational focus. Historically, there's never been such a thing as a massive planned outage of this scale, and so it's not surprising that there's some things that we just haven't gotten down to the same level as our operations, but they're significantly improved with just what your question was, and we will continue to seek feedback and when this event is done to improve it even further mark. Just a clarifier to add to that for our for our outage on the October ninth event: 738 they're a little bit more. What was our our total turnaround time about 40? It was roughly 48 hours, but I'll put it in a little context. That's you know. I've made comments today and in previous conferences about our ability to perform aerial patrols, that that is the most efficient way that we can patrol our infrastructure from both transmission and distribution perspectives. But our challenge there is: we can't do those patrols at night via helicopters for safety reasons, because you have to fly low in the wired environment to get your eyes on the asset, so that really you know of a 24 hour day that that means that 12 hours of daylight is really your opportunity right, and so, if you think about 48 hours, that's really 24 hours of of restoration opportunity and we were able to restore. You know that very large-scale event in 24 hours of opportunity. What I'll say about this event, this events a little larger, so that's an element that we need to consider. In addition, the winds were stronger and they were for a longer duration, so we anticipate finding additional damage out there. Then the September I'm, sorry, the October, 9th of that an event in which we found nearly you know north of 120 damage cases so confident that we're gonna find just as much or more than that associated with this event, so that could delay restoration for some customers if repairs are needed and significant damage areas. Thank you, after this next round of PSPs starting Tuesday. When do you first see that those nine hundred and sixty-five thousand customers will have their power back? The all-clear I believe is Wednesday around 10:00 in the morning, and so I would estimate preliminary 48 hours from there notwithstanding any damage we find and the 965 right now we will start restoring to Morrison. That number is going to go down for starters, right, yeah, that's correct, so the 965 that were impacted at one time keep in mind some of those as have already been restored. Maybe re interrupted so it's hard to it's. You look at it at a point in time and the numbers change additional customers are interrupted. Some have been restored right, so we anticipate getting a lot of customers restored to my earlier comment tomorrow, because we're gonna have that full day we're gonna get as much as we can get done tomorrow safely and then we're gonna ride through that next period of weather, where we're gonna be de-energized due to due to safety risks, and then, after that, to Scott's point we don't forecast another event: we've had rolling events right, rolling events over and over and over again as soon as we clean one up we're prepping for the next and and after this one that you know we kind of get back to normal and at least for a week to where we don't have any other events, so I'm anticipating will be about 48 hours. From that all clear, how do you feel for time? Pg&E turned off electricity in just one month, and you were mentioning yesterday we have equipment. Forty to sixty years old I mean it's one month for shot us, that's a lot. What was the last time this happened? Well, it's never happened before, because the program has only been in place, @pj knees since 2018 and in 2018 we executed PSPs one time in October on the fourteenth, and you know this year we're seeing more instances of weather that calls for it. So I'll just say that I, don't recall winds like this, like we've had this week and even earlier into the week last year, I don't recall them since 2017 when we didn't have a public safety shutoff plan, but Scott mentioned that these winds were strong, some of the strongest that we've seen in recent history here Scott do we have any context for yes kind of three events like this yeah, so we have a 30 year, sure yeah, absolutely sorry sighting. So we do have a 30 year, weather high-resolution climatology that we've been able to analyze to determine when these offshore wind events occur before the first rains. We also simulated fuel moistures over that entire 30 year period, and so combining the weather and fuels element were able to basically run back in time and look at how many events we would see year over year to kind of answer. You know that question and and what pops out is that wet weather is extremely variable year to year, just like how much rain we get is variable year-to-year. So there's some years in our historical record where we would have zero Public Safety power shut offs like 2016, was a remarkable remarkably calm year. If memory serves from that historical analysis, but then there's some years where, like this one, it's a little bit of an outlier and above the normal amount of Public Safety power shut up. So we would usually experience on a typical average, but it it all, comes and arrives with the weather. And unfortunately we got these offshore wind events before the first big rains of the season and that's just how the cookie crumbles. In this case Andy. Can you address the customers who are upset they're frustrated? The governor has been very critical. The utility they're all saying this cannot be the new normal PG&E needs better solutions. We need better infrastructure going forward. This can't be it well, you know, there's there's a lot of conversations to have and we will be engaging in all those fronts when we're past. The events right in front of us number-one priority for us is to ensure that we're doing everything we can to prevent catastrophic wildfires past that and I said before. We are already starting to plan to ensure that PSPs becomes the absolute last resort or not necessary, and what that means. If we believe that we have seen a fundamental change in the environment in which we're going to operate, it requires us to rethink how we provide this essential service. So the programming that we've been talking about- and it's just the beginning- is the continuation of the hardening of the system which, which talks about different type of equipment. It talks about undergrounding, there's a lot of that work already going on. It's our enhanced vegetation management to ensure that we're minimizing the opportunity for debris to fly into the right-of-way under standard clearances to prevent that. It's also increasing our ability to reconfigure the system so that we impact fewer and fewer company customers, and that's this issue of adding sectionalization or switches so that we can change the way energy flows along with that. It does then require a different strategy in terms of distributed generation, because what enhances our ability to reconfigure the system is providing new sources of energy that we can use on a temporary basis to supply areas as opposed to shut them down, and then the third excuse me in the last is this question of micro grids. Can we have resilient zones so that we change literally the way we think about the provision of energy over the long haul? The execution of all these things will make it less necessary to have broad big PSPs. We do believe that this will take time that PSPs must remain a viable option and what will allow it to be a viable option. Is our ability to execute it seamlessly in cooperation with state agencies and tribal governments and counties and our customers to make sure that when we have to do it, we can do it with the minimal disruption and hardship. It's gonna cost, and that's really where we're going. A technical question. People who are affected by this current shutoff is there a chance that their power is not restored in time for the next shutoff on Tuesday that they will not have had power since Saturday. It depends on a number of factors, but I will say, and what I want to say very clearly is: let's say that, yes, there is that possibility that, even as well as we can execute the restoration- and you heard more talk about that- and it will depend on the the damages that we find associated purely with the windstorm, we want people to think every customer to think what happens. If they do not get restored, can they go for another day and a half or two days and take all those precautions? It's important that we don't come to become a complacent that we don't set goals that can lead somebody not to take care of what they need to take care of, so I would ask everybody who is listening or watching this to make sure you're prepared for the for the potential that your power may not be restored. That's not what we want to do and we will work very hard to get everybody back, but as soon as you have your energy back or if you don't get it, please make sure your devices are charged that we can communicate with you and prepare for your own safety. That's very important! So I'd like to talk about it. That way tomorrow, we'll be able to more talk in more defined terms. Those who will be impacted what's very important for us at these 5:30 conferences, is to get as much information out to our customers that we can so they can plan and prepare for these events. Okay, I think that takes care of everybody. I want to thank our sign language interpreters for being here again today. Very helpful I appreciate them, helping us get out important safety, information and preparedness information to all customers. So with that we're we're done we'll be back tomorrow at 5:30, and if you have additional questions, you can always call the media line four one: five, nine, seven, three, five, nine three zero! So thank you! You you it's internal! It's not! My camera. I was like what I actually think, there's, maybe a clue that you use the same time always plug in the life.