We begin with breaking news tonight. An image of Justin Trudeau has surfaced of him in brown, face back when he was a teacher in Vancouver the photos from a 2001 Arabian Nights theme party, and it appeared in the yearbook of West Point Grey Academy a private school in Vancouver, where in his 20s Justin Trudeau was a teacher. The photo was obtained by Time magazine and its existence has been confirmed by the liberal campaign. Now all of this, of course happened. Long before Trudeau was in politics, much less the Prime Minister. Still it's a big deal. Trudeau has just spoken about it. Here's what he said in 2001 when I was a teacher out in Vancouver I attended an end-of-year gala, where the theme was Arabian Nights and we dressed up in Aladdin, costume and put makeup on I shouldn't have done that I should have known better, but I didn't and I'm really sorry called the vendor stepped down. I think there are people, who've, made mistakes in in this life and you make decisions based on what they actually do, what they did and on the case-by-case basis. I think I deeply regret that we that I did that I should have known better but I didn't. How do you feel about this coming up right now? Obviously, I regret that I did it it's not about timing, it's about having done something that I shouldn't have done and I'm really sorry. I did something like this. Mr. Trudeau is that the only time in your life you've ever done, something like that when I was in high school I, dressed up at a talent show and sang dale with with with makeup on mr. trudeau, what do you say to racialized Canadians, who are likely going to be offended by series photos and hearing about what you I regret it deeply I am deeply sorry that I did that I should have known better, but I didn't and I did that and I shouldn't have done that. This is something that I shouldn't have done many years ago and I recognized that I shouldn't have done it I take responsibility for my decision to do that. I shouldn't have done it. I should have known better. It was something that I didn't think was racist at the time, but now I recognize it was something racist to do and I am deeply sorry to a Majeed, so be the Harjit Sajjan. If you have any words to say to some of your staff who may find this offensive. I have made a number of calls to friends and colleagues tonight and I will have many more colleagues. Many more calls to make. How can you look at Canadians and tell them? That's not true. I have worked all my life to try and create opportunities for people to fight against racism and intolerance, and I can just stand here and say that I made a mistake when I was younger and I wish. I hadn't I should have known better than but I didn't and I did it and I am deeply sorry, for we would make that decision on a case-by-case basis and look at all the factors involved, but I can't answer a hypothetical line. Why should you be allowed to stay I'm going to be asking Canadians to forgive me for what I did I shouldn't have done, that I take responsibility for it. It was a dumb thing to do. I'm disappointed to myself I'm pissed off at myself for having done it. I wish I hadn't done it, but I did it and I apologize for I've been I've been forthright when this has come forward that it is something that that I regret deeply. Having done, we've been told privately, there's an arsenal of things still to come for in appropriate social media behavior in the past. There's all of that go. How could you credibly do something like that now I've taken responsibility for it for having made a real mistake in the past I I stand here before Canadians as I will throughout this campaign and talk about the work we have to do to make a better country together and I'm, going to continue to stay, focused on that and continue to work to fight intolerance and discrimination. Even though obviously I made a mistake in the past all right, our chief political correspondent, David akin, is on the phone with us tonight he's covering the Trudeau campaign, David. Obviously a lot of reaction to this photo and there will be reaction now to Justin Trudeau's reaction to it. He was contrite. He was apologetic. He was subdued. What are your thoughts after listening to his reaction? I guess we're going to have to find out what you may have heard me ask in that press conference I mentioned several of his colleagues who background skin have dark skin what they might think on their leader. It's a very serious thing, of course, when an individual does this and I also have to. In that clip, we didn't play one of the things I asked the Prime Minister was in February of this year. The governor of Virginia is name, is ralph north and he was involved in a similar incident where medical school yearbook photo surfaced, showing him in blackface, and it was very controversial in Canada, and it seems hard to me that Justin Trudeau at that time did not say well I've done that. Not once but twice and that he would not at that time in February, when a senior politician in the United States was having to come to grips with. Having done this in his past that he would not have said I. Did it too again we're going to give reaction. I know Andrew Scheer, the conservative leader he's in Sherbrooke Quebec tonight at Eastman speaking the reporters and, of course this election is significant because he's the leader of the other major party, the leader of the Democrats, is judge Lee Sang, a turban wearing Sikh who-what quite clearly was I, wasn't so shocked, but he had to stand there and absorb what he was thinking, and he too spoke to reporters earlier today and we're going to play a clip. Doesn't he sing it? Just a reminder sitting is speaking before Trudeau spoke just now. Well, it's troubling I mean it's really, it's insulting anytime. We hear examples of brown face or black face, saying it's really it's it's it's making a mockery of someone for what they live and what the relived experiences are. I think he needs an answer for it. I think he's got to answer the question why he did that and what does that say about what he thinks about people who, because of who they are because of the color of skin, faced challenges in barriers and obstacles in their life? Racism is real people in this room, I felt it I've heard. The stories I've experienced in my life he's got to answer those questions and again I asked him if he had considered resigning at the author resigned, his answer, he'll be asking Canadians for forgiveness, but of course, in this short campaign, only a week old Liberals have been dragging out social media posts of their opponents that are often 8 9 10 years old, in which some of their opponents said racist things made homophobic comments, its other objectionable, behavior and liberals up to this point have not been as forgiving as Justin. Trudeau is now asking Canadians to be so forgiving David. He was asked several times when he brought it up. Why didn't he bring it up earlier and questions along those lines? He kind of dodged those? What's your take on on how he handled that line of questioning I think, certainly you mentioned out the doctorís that he was contrite, and so, even with that, it did speak, take an extended set of questions from the reporters on the plane, I'm sitting on the plane, just a few feet from where he took those questions, we're about to take off the Winnipeg campaign event, but I still think there are some other questions and they're mostly about the questions. Why didn't you come forward at some point? It's on other friends likely knew this came to light because a one of the Associates of his at the school in Vancouver that he was working at in 2001 I, remembered this photo in a yearbook earlier this summer thought it ought to be come to the attention of Canadians and contacted a reporter at time time. According to the New York US news publication and the Prime Minister confirming it and is not shying away, but that is again and again confirming he did it through here in his wife, while he was in high school dressed up, as he said in makeup in blackface, makeup and sang the song Jo. So two incidents that Justin Trudeau is confirming this evening, but again really not having an explanation as to why he may not have thought it wise to confront this in his past at earlier points when they say other politicians in very high-profile cases, the United, States and elsewhere were also coming to terms with this sort of activity. He mentioned that he had made some phone calls to. You know members of his party of different races and that he had more phone calls to make. Obviously, is this going to appease people who who will be upset with the decision he made as a 29 year old teacher? That's we're going to have to ask them and I certainly think that this is one of the things in addition, of course, to asking his political opponents. What they think and I can assume is going to be some predictable responses from his political opponent. I think some of the most interesting responses will be from his colleagues and if you look around the cabinet table, it is a very gender diverse it's across this baggage 50:57 when it comes to gender, but it's also quite an ethnically diverse cabinet. But all this talk petite Canadian, for example, that deep veins are cheats, fashion, MRG, so he's barred artists jagged. He sent many many people of all races in his cabinet Chinese flat, Asian South Asian, and they may have some concerns. They may want to hear more from him about this judgment. We have seen, obviously, as the Prime Minister was saying in his comment, that his government has tried to take a stand against racism. Acknowledge racism in our society, reduce racism in our society, but now, when he speaks about that, it may be difficult for some Canadians to get him the moral authority. If you will to do so, and he may have to stand and be seen standing with others in his caucus. That's one of the interesting things in in the days ahead that I'll be looking for. It's got to be one of the strangest events. I can recall in all the elections I've ever covered. This is it's strangers, probably be under Ward. It's definitely a bombshell. There's no question about that. No doubt and it could have a very real impact on his campaign and their campaigns have many liberal candidates in this election, not the first time that Trudeau has been embroiled in a controversy over over multiculturalism. This brings to mind for a lot of people, his trip to India and the embarrassment that that that created there when he wore traditional Indian garb and really seemed to immerse himself in the culture. Some felt that that was a step too far is that legitimate criticism I think it isn't that I think Justin should himself would have bit as much, and he referred to that that his comments on the plane here to be in Halifax earlier this evening that perhaps use a little too enthusiastic about that I've been traveling with liberal leader now for the last four or five days and I can tell you as I, speak to liberals across the country. This is something they bring out, that they were a bit disappointed in their leader, the person they support when they saw what was coming from India. It's something that's taken, a shine, the bidding off of their Liberal leader and it's reduced by the enthusiasm to Liberal leader again. Does that factor does that play into the campaign? We're in does that plan that the decisions made at the ballot box on October 21st? Obviously, that is that the biggest we shall see the statement there, but I thought a good name, amazing, stuff David. Thank you very much for your reporting, we'll. Let you to continue covering this campaign and I know that there will be much more on this in the coming days, but thanks Davis. Okay, thanks.