Oh and if any of the city commissioners want to come in, stand up for it on this side from the side. Okay, my name is NaN Whaley, the mayor of the city of Dayton I, appreciate all of you, who've been with us since 7:00 a.m. this morning. We've had a briefing at 7:10, 1, 3 and 4 o'clock, and certainly appreciate the work of Dayton Police Department and chief Beals team and chief bill himself. The Community Police Council, many whom I see standing here behind the cameras, have received this briefing as per as our regular process, and if you could stand on this side, Commissioner Shaw, we are really appreciative of them taking the time as they always do. Regardless of the incident, they come to our community to sit with the police department to discuss the response, so I'm very grateful for them, because even when there are incidents that don't get any press at all, they are there and I want to make sure that they know how much the City Commission in the city of Dayton and the police department appreciate. Their leadership. I also want to mention that tonight, at 8 p.m. we will be having a vigil at the Oregon district on 5th Street. This is a way that you know this is our district. This is our community, and so we will be having a vigil. Everyone is invited to attend and encouraged I want to recognize everyone who's here of the elected sort. Obviously, senator sherrod Brown appreciate him coming down from Cleveland senator Peggy laner is here with us today appreciate her coming Commissioner, Shaw and Mims, who have been here all day, just doing whatever needs to be done as well as Commissioner Fairchild. Just having that support of our community leaders and our state leaders has meant a lot to me personally, and certainly I speak on the behalf of the citizens of Dayton, but it means that a lot to them as well. Ok, so I'm going to turn it over to chief Beall. This is a pretty typical piece that we do on officer any kind of incident, and certainly I just want to say that the the amazing amazing work of the police department and the fire department this past. You know 12 to 15 hours is demonstrated, but I'm really amazed at what they do every single day. This is what they do every single day and and I am so grateful to get to be the mayor of a city with such an outstanding police and Fire Department Chief, Richard, Beal, Thank, You mayor so I'm here to provide an update for what you are well aware, as an active shooter that kurd in the oregon district and the early morning, hours of today, a little bit of a timeline. Today at 1:05 a.m. officers were patrolling the oregon district during bar closing time and heard gunfire. They observed a large crowd running away from this gunfire. The officers immediately advanced toward the gunfire and within approximately 20 seconds they engaged a suspect. It was actively firing and attempting to enter a crowded liquor. Establishment threat was neutralized in approximately 30 seconds of the suspect firing his first shots. You will now hear a one of the 9-1-1 calls be received. Now you will see a video that was taken inside of one of the shops on Fifth Street in the Oregon district. The suspect has been identified as a Connor. Steven Betts is a minimal criminal history as an adult, his traffic violations, speed, founder control and failure to yield. He was wearing a mask like bulletproof vest in hearing protection. He was armed with a point two to three caliber like rifle with 100-round drum magazines. He has a 24 years of age and he is deceased. Fatalities from this assault include louis Oglesby, a black female 27 years of age, Megan, Betts white, film, female 22 years of age. She is the suspects sister Syed Salah, who is a black male 38 years of age, Derrick fudge black male 57 years of age, Logan, Turner, white male, 30 years of age, Nicholas, Coomer, white, male, 27 years of age, Thomas, McNichols, black male 25 years of age, Beatrice, Curtis, black female 36 years of age, Monica Brickhouse, black female 39 years of age. In addition, there are 27 confirmed victims who were injured and were transferred transported to local hospitals for treatment. Basic overview of this scene of this entire incident is now on your screen. In the lower left hand corner you see a square that is the approximate location of the suspects vehicle that was parked and in the suspect, left and then went on to commit this assault. The rectangular area toward the the right side and more center of the diagram is where the suspect fires dispersed shots and killed his first victim. He then enters on to 5th Street, and then there are eight other victims killed by the suspect before or he is fatally struck at the entrance to net peppers, which is where the circle designates. This is just a suspect initial route, so you saw that square block our box. That was on the screen, saying where he fired his initial shots. This is that area lumen ated in the daytime here and that red arrow is the pathway he took to get the fifth Street. We're now going to show a couple of videos of this event that will show graphic content. They will show police officers engage this individual. They will show multiple shots being fired. We have done try to eliminate any video at this time. That shows any victims who are shot so we'll start with the first video. These are outside of Ned peppers. The Dayton police officer running on the top of the screen to engage the suspect, see the suspect entered his bottom right-hand corner of the screen. That's him there entering or attempting internet peppers when he has struck multiple times, and he stops there and there's another video here a little bit different angle. You see a lot of officers who were entering in from the upper left-hand corner of this screen and begin heading down the roadway there to engage the suspect. Here's one officer there, another officer coming patrol rifle additional officers, responding an officer with a sergeant with a shotgun. Next is a photographs of the suspects vehicle, which is a 2007 great Toyota. Corolla next is a photo of the firearm used by the suspect you see in the lower left-hand corner those double drum magazines with have a capacity of up to 100 rounds and, on the lower right hand, corner that that firearm is identified. The officers involved in this in the active shooting in this event include Sergeant William Knight G at night, who came on 1997's more than 20 year. Veteran remaining officers have been on at roughly about three years. They include Officer Brian, Rufus officer, Jeremy, Campbell officer, Vincent, Carter officer, Ryan, naval and officer David Dellinger we've had extraordinary assistance from many many different agencies: Montgomery County Sheriff's, Office, Ohio, State Patrol, the Federal Bureau of Investigation representable with us here on stage Alcohol Tobacco Firearms, also in our federal partners joining us here on stage: Sinclair police department, university of dayton, police department, five rivers, Metroparks Kettering, Police, Department, Riverside, Police, Department, Montgomery counties, coroner's office, you've, her Heights Police, Department, Montgomery, County, Prosecutor's, Office, Box, 21, Red, Cross, Bellbrook police department and also the US Attorney of southwest Ohio has joined us on stage who have been very supportive and helpful in this investigation, which is ongoing. Just gonna remind you that we're a little bit more than 12 plus hours into this event. So much is unknown. The Dade Police Department homicide. You know we handling the Criminal Investigation administrative investigation will be conducted by professional standards Bureau and that occurs anytime, an austere discharge as a firearm, her Police Department the policy for the five officers and one sergeant we're gonna, be placed on administrative leave that is per protocol. We are still asking for assistance to this investigation, notwithstanding the substantial local and federal and even state resources dedicated to this investigations. If there's any information, garnets incident, we were regards requested to be relayed to dayton police department, like calling the tip line at nine three, seven, two, two five, six, two one, seven there's a Family Assistance Center has been established at the Dayton Convention Center, where you are at and can be contacted directly at nine three, seven, three, three three, eight four: three zero and for additional information. Please follow our xx Twitter page at dayton, police. That is the entirety of the presentation at this time. The status of this investigation. Once again to reiterate, we are very very early into this investigation. Any suggestion at this time a motive would be irresponsible. We do not have sufficient information to answer the question and everyone wants to know why we do not have that answer at this time. We will clearly pursue this investigation to try to understand motivation in this crime to assuming that there is a motivation, that's understandable. So that's still before us, we have a lot of evidence to process through from digital evidence, to physical evidence to phone evidence. So much much investigation is before us, so we're very early on this is very basic. Preliminary information I'm able to provide at this time with that I will open up to any questions you may have. We have no information to substantiate that at all. There was there was a superior officer after the suspect was down who removed the rifle from underneath him or the weapon from underneath him. That happened, but I have no information to corroborate what you were. What you just mentioned, we're gonna have to do this in orderly fashion. No, she was not the first victim, but she was one of the initial victims right as the he came out of that alleyway she and a another male who is was a companion of the suspect, was shot and wounded, so they were victims initially after the first person was shot, so very close proximity, I can't speak to the evidence is recovered. We clearly did recover evidence there. Much of this we have to examine so I can't really comment further on that at this time. Well, there's more than one gun, but they can tell you that particular weapon that you saw was ordered online from Texas but transferred to the suspect at a local firearms dealer here in this area, there's also a shotgun that was acquired from a local firearms dealer here, two different dealers, but the ridge that weapon originated in Texas. Let me say: there's nothing in this individuals, history or record that would have precluded him from purchasing that firearm. There was no indication that that is illegal at this time. To mention it I. Don't think I understand your question. It's a white male! We have no evidence to suggest that there's a bias motive in this crime, it is certainly dozens were fired. I, don't think we have a count at this point, so I don't want to put a number out there and it would not be accurate, but dozens of rounds were fired. We're hearing from what would tell you that what was crucial in their response was the availability of both shotgun and patrol rifle. That was crucial. That was a commitment we made really well over a decade ago and even added to that inventory. Since my tenure is chief I'm in my twelfth year now so recognizing the potential threats that we could face, particularly people wearing ballistic armor. We know we have to have the kind of equipment and weaponry to be able to thwart that that was pretty crucial in this case and I'm sorry, you had probably had a question: yes, yes, they have the information we have as they all came in the same vehicle, but they separated at some point. No information in that regard. Well, I think you can imagine. This is a nightmare for them and I think they are struggling. As you can understand, we've had a chance to have contact with them. Yes, we've had. We have no information to suggest that we had an opportunity to talk to the individual who wrote in a vehicle with them. So with that his part of her investigation, that's ongoing. Yes, we do have the information, but we're not gonna release it at this time we're hearing from classmates of his from Bellbrook saying when he was in school there he was suspended for a year because he had a hit list. Can you confirm any of that I know? No criminal charges were fine, I can't confirm and I'm gonna come because it's gonna speak the potential motive. Right I mean that's what people are trying to get to here. There is far too much information that we have to review before. We can even begin a conversation about a possible motive and I will not talk about any potential. Slice of evidence is value or not at this time is just way too early. Yes and I'll just reconfirm. We have a the shotgun. Wasn't yes, so there are two weapons, but one of which was using the L it. Let me just say that those weapons eventually wound up at that location. They separated at some point later in that evening. So what he did during that time that they were no longer together is a question mark in our investigation and something we're gonna have to determine. I think that question was already asked and I said we're not going to talk about any evidence. You know I I, don't have a number for you right now. We were trying to confirm that we basically do ballistics check. So we look for shell casings at the scene. Then we have to match that against magazine capacity and brown's missing and that's not always a precise comparison. So I don't have a precise number for you at this. We don't have any reason to believe that any of the persons deceased were shot by other than the assailant at this time. They did at some point in time. I. Don't think we have a precise time for that, but clearly it was some point in the evening that they did part ways. I, don't have that bail between right now we don't have that specific information. I, don't think we have that known with absolute certainty. There was a vehicle's shot early on in that exchange right, but right, as our officers were either engaging or about to engage. So I can't really speak to that. Precisely that's really something! We can't tell at this point: it's it's a question. It's a nagging question and I: just don't have the answer we're trying to sort through that ourselves know that I'm, aware of not that we're aware of so we really don't know if there that was somehow love importance. We don't have I, think anything precise on the other twenty-seven doing one critical once critical, well units interesting because we already have a concentration present or just because it's an entertainment venue. We realize a lot of people come to Oregon district I've been there very recently. So certainly we know a lot of folks are be there and we have police officers present. Because of that reason so well, this causes to evaluate. We will evaluate everything that touches on this incident, just to determine whether we do need to anything differently, but there were certainly plenty of officers present that acted virtually instantaneously and effectively ended this in thirty seconds. It was crucial had this individual made it through the doorway of net peppers. With that level of weaponry, there have been a catastrophic injury and loss of life, so stopping him before he could get inside there, where you saw the people they were running in there for protection was essential and minimizing the degree we could casualties and deaths from this incident. I'm not aware of that being the case. They were obtained legally, yes, none Mike. No, he was he's one of the ones that was injured, transported the hospital that is correct, yeah ballistic vest that's some sort of a mass correct. I, don't have the information available just to clarify the companion that was the shooters companion or the sister's companion well, I'd say was one in the same I'm all came together: I do want to pause for men because I want, like the FBI, has a site that we want to get out publicly. Todd, have you come join us and introduce yourself yeah, I'm Todd, wicker ham, I'm, the FBI Special Agent in Charge, for this part of the state and www.fbi.gov Dayton is shooting right, so one more Dayton shooting after WWI FBI, gov, backslash dayton, shooting and what we can people can submit there if they have videos, if they have other social media associated with this shooting that they think would be a value to the investigation. This is where they can go to upload this, to get it in the right hands as we're working gently with dayton on this investigation, Thank You Ben. Do you want to mention anything regarding Department of Justice attention to this matter? Chief I just wanted to say, on behalf of the United States, that the Department of Justice, as you can see, has working closely giving our full support to Dayton in its investigation. The United States stands with Dayton our condolences to the victims and the families of the deceased, and obviously the United States is going to provide all resources that it has that it's disposable from any agencies in order to further this investigation to its completion. Working with the Dayton police, you can, we can get it to you, but we'll get the video. We have to find a way to do there cuz there's a lot of you here, and so we got to figure out how what that looks like. So maybe it's out there in the public domain, you can access I, don't know what the let's talk that through that's a technological piece: I, don't I, don't have mastery over right now. So what to come back to that right right, we have six. So a sergeant and five officers fired at least one round. Yeah I answered that previously he was wounded, but not so serious that we were not able at least to have some initial conversation with the ad I. Don't have a great answer for I can tell you six of them or they're that engaged that I can tell you I mean certainly there's there is training I mean even looking at someone's gate, how they walk and be suggestive of carrying a firearm. Certain mannerisms can be suggesting them carrying a firearm. This firearm wasn't hidden, so this wasn't hard to probably figure out once it emerged, but for weapons that are more concealable, that's a little bit more of a challenge, but there are some ways for people to for police officers and particularly - a to have some indication that person may be armed and be able to take action. Well, it wasn't sold in that in that final condition that has some level of modification to it yeah. So there had been some modifications and I can't speak. It isn't specific, but it wasn't sold in that particular State. Ar-15, like alike, would be a properly probably the right way to say that we did. We have digital evidence, we have phone evidence, so I want to want to get into greater detail there, but clearly we were looking for any kind of evidence. We can, this day and age a lot of evidence of digital. Yes, not at all do we know who's registered to to his father, not this particular type of event. Now we've had some multiple casualty shootings, but they weren't what we would describe as an active shooter. Certainly my tenure, that's! What's not known, it's just not known, so we can't say that what precision, whether the weapons were there, all the time or after they separated that's when the person wouldn't got equipment and geared up. We just don't know at this time we're hoping to determine that collectively, I, don't know it's a question: I want to kind of speculate here, we carry sufficient and we do have the ability of additional rounds should we need them and we deploy those in a way to sense. If we think makes sense, I'm not going to say what that is, we need to resolve every piece of certainly evidence evaluate every piece of evidence that we have now and we'll receive until the point. We believe we have no more evidence to review, and that includes interviewing over. We need an interview that may be able to shed light on this individuals conduct in recent days, as well as any historical information. We think would be important to know that could explain conduct ultimately so until we have what we think is the known universe of of evidence, we're going to keep pursuing this investigation. I, just don't know when that's going to do I, don't have the information and folks I've told you everything. I really can share. Today, you'll, probably ask a lot of questions again. I've already answered. That's going to conclude this interview appreciate your attention. This manner I ask you to lift up the victims in this event and give them the honor and dignity they deserve in their lives and for their tragic, ultimately, avoidable death. That's gonna conclude our press release press conferences for the day, I'm sure we'll have more in the coming days ahead. I appreciate your patience. I appreciate you working really diligently to confirm any information that you have had today. I. Ask you to continue to do that. If we're not giving you the information, there's a reason. Why? Because the investigation is under way, I want you to I'm asking you since we've been so forthright in these conversations to respect that back to us as well, and make sure that before you put anything up that you have, it confirmed. Okay, thank you for being great today, no more press conferences. This evening it planned okay, 8:00 p.m. on the vestige of vigil. Tomorrow we don't have any. We don't have our time scheduled for tomorrow, but you all will be the first well, no more press conferences tonight, the vigils at 8:00 p.m. tonight in the Oregon district, okay, no more press conferences tonight, I'm sure we'll have press conferences tomorrow, you all will be the first to know after the vigil it will be open to traffic. Public can walk through now. I should also mention the Oregon district transportation garage is free tonight for people that want to come down to to be a part of the vigil they can come and just go in park in the Oregon district garage. Okay, thank you. Okay, I'm trying to get my card quickly, so I can get this video. You.