When Catherine McKenna jumped into politics five years ago, she knew she was exposing herself to public criticism, but it got ugly soon after she was named. Minister of Environment folks decided to label me climate Barbie, and it's not even just like. There were way worse things out there more recently, she was given an RCMP security detail because her family's safety has been threatened more than once people. You know saying things when I'm out on the streets with my family and it's happened in a number of different cities, and it just it just made me realize that we do sometimes have to call these things out. A political attacks, getting personal, isn't really new. Just ask former Liberal MP Sheila Copps, who famously called out conservative John Crosby in the House of Commons in 1985. The short answer is just quiet and down baby I resent his remarks in the house. Talking about quiet down, baby I'm, not his baby and I'm nobody's baby and I'd like him to enthrall a cops, had a security detail as deputy prime minister during the 1995 Quebec referendum, because she was a target, but she points out social media changed things then didn't have a whole country as their platform. They had maybe a local community now as soon as they spew it out it's across the Twitter experience and that's why many fear this election campaign will get very ugly, mean nasty, elbows up no-holds-barred and that's not right. It seems to be personal, look, there's a fair debate to be had about environmental policy, and we should have the debate about environmental policy, not the debate about the people who are delivering the messages, while many are bracing for the worst longtime NDP strategist, Ann McGrath says at least now we're talking about it. It was often easy to sweep under the rug, to dismiss to to put aside to have even a state of almost willful obliviousness. That is no longer the case and I think that is actually very good. Still. Personal attacks remain a deterrent to getting more women involved in politics. A 2018 survey by advocacy group, equal voice, showed a large majority of women. Don't want to step into the political arena because of the abuse.