A white pickup truck in this cellphone video. That's on your screen right now. That is the description of one of the videos or one of the vehicles that was hijacked from Odessa. We do know that there were shooting incidents in both Midland and Odessa. As far as initial reports, we know that there's at least one innocent bystander dead, at least ten injured. We have received reports that there may there's a little bit of panic going on at the Music City Mall in Odessa, what we're working to confirm everything with officials right now, we've been in contact with the Midland Police Department, the Odessa Police Department in the county, Midland District, Attorney's, Office, and right now we have a Melissa Hendricks peach, our news director and they know. Obviously I was ready to grill today and watch a little bit of football and not prepared to come to work. But it's one of those days where you drop, what you're doing and get out here and help out we've got room. It only took a few minutes for me to realize the severity of the situation. Given the amount of phone calls that we got. The panic, any people's voices right and once I got a hold of DPS for the first time the severity and everything kind of settled in yeah, just kind of been in reaction mode since then, yeah national story right now we're getting phone calls from all of our fellow colleagues and family members. So a lot of us here have not had a chance to respond to family members who are worried about us because they're hearing these reports- and we are trying to get in touch with them to let them know we're okay and then also get them updated on the information. So but it's one of those moments where everybody's pitching in and getting the very latest information out that we can, while helping to get that information to family as well. So let's update what we have so far I know everybody has been talking about this from beginning to end, but what we do know is that there was the chase on I-20 right. Drivers were heading westbound right. It appears that's where the initial shots were fired disappeared. That's where the DPS officer was injured. We do have reports that he's in stable condition, and it appears that several people bystanders may have finished you active threat in Midland. That was the latest information that we got from Midland about 20 minutes ago. So, as far as where the latest activity of possible active shooter right now would we would have to estimate that there might be more threat in the Odessa area, but that doesn't mean that people in Midland should go outside or start patrolling around and trying to everybody right now in Midland and Odessa needs to stay inside. That's the latest information, never tell you when they choke so about how my hunties, what I'll do is give a very short opening statement. I'll take a few questions, then I mean. Surely you guys understand that this is a very fluid situation that we're just we're gonna have to get back to ok and understand also that we will have periodic updates. This won't be it will will keep you guys informed will make sure everyone knows what's going on well what a horrific day for Odessa actor county in building Midland County. Let's start at the beginning situation started about 3:17 this afternoon when a DPS trooper attempted to stop a gold Honda. When the DPS troopers got the car stopped, he was then shot by the occupant of the car. The vehicle will continued westbound into the city of Odessa and shot an individual at I 20 in our West. Excuse me Mary easily. Apparently the subject then drove on our east loop to 42nd Street, where there are multiple scenes and multiple victims at some point, the subject stole a mail truck ditched his car and there were other victims after that. The victims in went eastbound back on 42nd towards synergy which is a local movie theater, and at that point it was contacted by law enforcement. The officers from the old Ethel Police Department, the Midland Police Department, the Texas Department of Public Safety and then I'm sure others again. This is a very fluid changing situation. So please understand that what I'm telling you is is not written in stone these these facts, these this knowledge can change. Okay. At that point, this subject was contacted by law enforcement and he an exchange of gunfire happened and that subjected deceased at that location. We have law enforcement injured. We have the DPS trooper in Midland County. We have one MPD officer and one OPD officer. They were struck as far as civilian casualties. We have at least 21 victims, 21 shooting victims at least five deceased. At this point, I'll, please understand that this is not just a NOPD in a Midland Police Department and a DPS thing, both Sheriff's Office Midland, County, Sheriff's, Office and Edgar County Sheriff's Office was involved in the hunt for this guy. Our local school district, Police Department, our University of the Texas of the Permian Basin school. Excuse me, police department was involved. This was a joint effort by just a multitude of departments to find this animal and bring him to justice. At this point, I'll take questions right now. I'll tell you that he is a white male in his mid 30s I. Don't have a positive identification on him. Yet I have an idea who he is so I won't release that information until we're absolutely positive. We have we've had calls, which is to be expected, because obviously our citizens are a little jumpy after this, which is also to be expected. But at once this individual was taken out of the picture. There have been no more victims. There have been reports that that's possible, but again there have been new, no confirmations of that I can't I can't tell you that right now and in you know, the big thing is it's so chaotic still at the local hospitals that it's very difficult to get that information. Well again, once we are able to compile a list of victims names, we can absolutely put that out. Sorry, the hospital has set up area for patients, families, Medical, Center Hospital, has another area per patient sandwich in the cafeteria and maybe chocolate. So we got reports of two vehicles earlier today. What I guess is that not confirmed I think what the issue with that was that you had the the original vehicle and then you had the mail truck at one point. We didn't know that that was the same person, but that is confirmed now same person. Anything else. Obviously it was a gun at this point. I'm really not sure. How did the incidence again it started with this traffic? Stop the attempted traffic stop by the UPS you know, I would I would tell people to still be cautious still trying to stay in their residences if all possible. We do believe that we have the threat contained, but I can't be 1000% positive. If that's the case at this point, no, no absolutely I can't tell you of a motive at this point. I do not at this point. I don't know. I would assume that he's part of the victim list, but I'm not sure of his status. Not to my knowledge. Thank you guys. I'm gonna go back to work and we'll we will update you periodically. Okay, this is police turkey inside if ger ke is Goerke Turkey, yes, John, Alvarez testing, one two things: oh sorry, chief, john alvarez, jo hn, al VAR, e z, fire chief, odessa, fire risky. Well so far, we've got 21 victims that were transported to either medical center or or MC. We've also had some that were transported to Midland Memorial Hospital, so that that's the cow at this point, as our our Pia public information officer, said that once we get that information once we get the list, then we'll be able to put that information out to the public to be able to reach out to the loved ones somewhere. Yes, for the most part that we're going to shock victims important, unfortunately, we did have the count right now is five deceased. According to the the reports that I have received. So that's what we have at this point- that is my understanding. I mean I'm, not not law enforcement, but that's that's the understanding that I have is that it did move from Midland Odessa and unfortunately we did have some casualties here. Well, it's too early to say right now at this point, but I can tell you that right now is just you know, just shelter in place right now, I'm sure the the police department has sent out that message to the community to make sure that everybody's aware of what's going on at this point, that that count we're just trying to figure that out at this point, but I can tell you that we've notified Medical, Center Hospital, we've also notified, or that's a Regional Medical Center and middle of Memorial Hospital. So we've also notify our outlying communities, such as Andrews crane for any assistance. We do have Midland Fire Department here that is assisting us. They've had got several units at our assistant that are provided to us to assist Cistus with any any thing that comes up. Ma'am I, do not know. I do not know that as I'm, not law enforcement, but all I can tell you that we've had several casualties that we transported. We had several of our units we to the point to where we had a call for men. The fire department to assist us with some of our EMS runs out here. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Well back here at the newsWest nine studios, we're just going through all this information trying to kind of digest it. One of the yeah one of the things that came out of the press conference is that they are not sure what kind of firearm was used so right now we don't know what the shooter was using. I, don't want to speak out of turn. Obviously I'm caught up in the fluidity of this situation. When I was speaking with DPS officials, they told me that the shooter had a rifle. Now, that's from that's, not a désolée stai mean. Obviously, these law enforcement agencies all have to speak with one another and confirm information with one another, but that came directly from a DPS official that we rely on for a lot of confirmed information. It was also in the heat of the moment yeah, but it's just not confirmed right now, but it appears he told me that they were using a rifle, also really important to note that whenever they're doing those press conferences they're doing that as a courtesy to the public to let them know what's going on and get us updated, they're taking time during a very hectic moment to give us the very latest information that they have, that he chief Goerke was expressing concern about giving information out that could possibly change even what he was giving exactly yeah and he painted a little bit of a timeline that kind of cleared up that to shooter situation. For us still a little bit of a questions about what was going on with that white pickup truck. Obviously, there could have been different descriptions. Maybe something else happened. Would we just knew that we did have reports at Cynergy that came from police gurkey? So, but if you listen to what he had to say, he basically said again, as we had suspected that this all started with a traffic stop. Just after three o'clock, DPS officer tried to pull over a gold Honda on I-20 that suspect that driver firing shots hitting that DPS officer and then taking off I twenty-two East loop and then East loop, where he said another person was shot in that area and then from East Loop to 42nd Street, where apparently most of this chaos took place and that kind of lines up with everything that we heard from social media reports. Everyone was what's going on at a Home Depot. What's going on at Twin Peaks such a heavy police presence and from police Goerke chief jerky, he said multiple shootings and multiple victims in that area before he traveled to Midland and then back east to synergy where he appears to have been killed when that trooper initially pulled the suspect over in the gold Honda. The suspect in that gold Honda shot that trooper right there, and this is where the whole thing started, that vehicle went west, like you said: East, Loop, 250 and traveled to 42nd Street, multiple victims there and then multiple victims at Cynergy, again, Odessa police, Ector, County, Sheriff's, Midland, police, Midland, County, Sheriff's, School, District police, even the colleges and the EC is dmpd. Everybody is helping out with this and something that's not uncommon to this area, but obviously, given the scope in the the gravity of this situation, you love to see that our officers are pulling so able to work together in such fluidity and another. If you missed it in the press conference, he did identify the suspect as a white male in his mid-30s I found it interesting. I, don't know if you caught it, but he said that he had an idea of who he might be leads us to believe mate. Obviously we don't make any assumptions or play the gossip game, but maybe this person was a local. He seemed to have I mean that's just what I took away from it, considering that he said he might know who he was, that will obviously be released in the near me. In anything, you know they run plates and and find out who it is. It was true, they just aren't releasing any names, but he did say that he had an idea of who that might be, the suspect again, that suspect was shot and I. Think it's really important to mention the victims in this case, because there are 21 victims shot and at this time we don't know the names of any of those victims, they aren't releasing those and one of the reasons I think that they're not releasing those, as they said, they're, compiling a list of names and, of course, next of kin and things have to be notified. If there is a death involved, we know 21 victims were shot, we don't know the severity of those injuries, but we do know that five people right now are confirmed dead right outside of those 21 Williams yep and right now we do have some new sound. We have some breaking sound that just came in to our newsroom from apparently a witness to one of the shootings, so we're gonna go and take that sound bite for you really quick police officers, and then there was police officers nearby, the area. So as we were leaving that's when we saw the the US postal van going right as we passed the street and a hydrated to be going east like towards energy and they had behind energy, they had the road blocked. He ran into a police couple police officers and they were shooting at the van when when they came to a stop once I guess they got nearby and they realized that he was. He was not alive, is when they they pulled him out of the Vans, crazy and I. Just never realized that we would have experienced anything like that here in our own community, because everything we were running and yet, at the same time, you're looking out for your loved ones, making sure that they're behind you're, a close by you, know your hearts going in a hundred miles an hour. Thinking. Are we going to get out of here alive? It's it's it's. It was crazy, it was. It was scary, it was crazy, it was all hearts were racing and you know so. The husband I was I didn't know. We were gonna, run out the front door and get shot or run up the front door and be safe, obviously just a very scary situation and kind of hear the fear in her voice there, as they kind of she kind of laid out the end to that a shooters life at Cynergy where he appears to have been shot and she was kind of there for that. I remember, we spoke I spoke with when we were kind of receiving all of these phone calls and the really the heat of the moment and everything was unfolding. We got a call from one of our sales associates Simona, who was at Cynergy as well, and she said: SWAT had run into the theatres and she you can I was trying I had so many things to do, and I didn't want to obviously put her off as a friend and a colleague, I was trying to confirm information, but just hearing that that that fear in her voice. It's just it's something. That's it's tough to deal with at times, I mean anyways. Now we're gonna go ahead and toss it over to Lauren, who has some reports from social media for us. That's right, Dana, I'm, still on social media, just still looking at y'all's tweets still looking at that information that you're wanting to know from us or maybe hear if you've missed it. But like we said we, the press conference has confirmed that five are dead and 21 have been injured, but of the of those five I've actually come across a tweet. We cannot confirm this information. This was not confirmed in the press conference. Danielle lei has said mail carriers whose vehicle was stolen is dead. They did confirm that that mail carriers vehicle was stolen, but she's, saying that the mail carrier is dead. My husband works for USPS and he has confirmed it. It was a young lady that was just tragic um. Do you all know where that mail carrier was when it was stolen at the time we believe it was out of Odessa at this time, we're not sure exact. We know that the vehicle went west on I-20 and according to chief Goerke, headed down east loop, you know Desa to 42nd. Street was at some point and that movement of the suspect that he abandoned his gold Honda and then stole that mail truck yeah. As you can see on her screen right now, we've got some of our local officials. I've seen Brooks Landgraf. This is Jerry Morales and we obviously had the statement from governor just a few moments ago, who are all expressing their condolences and asking the public to remain safe, and you know please stay away from going outside tonight. Just stay at home. That's been the message all along since this all started at about three o'clock and now we're actually going to go ahead and toss two Tate Owen who's still at the Medical Center Hospital and she's, going to give us a little bit of an update from out there so Tate. What do you have for us? Yeah? Thank you. So you'll have a care in Medical Center hospital in Odessa, keeping an eye on the situation as it unfolds, and you know we're actually not seen as many ambulances arrive, as we would expect to see with a situation like this now we do have reports that are confirmed. Five people are dead, including in Midland, police officer, Odessa, police officer and a state trooper again, we do have confirmed reports that 21 people are also injured. So, if I step out of the scene for you just a little bit, so you can take a look at what we've been looking at. You can see that there is an ambulance right here now he's getting ready to leave the premises as we're speaking so again. As this situation unfolds, I will keep you updated, I'm going to stay out here at the hospital and watch things and all nothing you thank stating just for some clarity. I know, she's got a lot going on out there at the hospital as a she continues to try and compile the latest information for us. It kind of sounded like she said that five people were dead and that included the Midland Police Department officer, Odessa, Police, Department and DPS officer. That doesn't appear to be the case. According to the police chief querque, we don't believe any of the officers and I'm getting a little I'm getting a social media report. This is, of course, unconfirmed. All social media reports are, but we are getting a social media report about an area on I-20 from Jay jbs Parkway, that there are trucks out there and lots of blood on the road and it appears to be an oilfield sand truck. So lots of reports like that coming in where folks are out and about and may not be aware of, what's going on and coming across these scenes and again we if you, if you have relatives that are out and maybe running errands and may not be aware, you might just kind of check on them or ask them to you, know, stay stay put for just a little bit while law enforcement is working, a very difficult situation, yeah and you know a little bit removed now from the police conferences, I guess if just in case you're just tuning in, we should probably go ahead and run through the facts of the case as of right now, although we started with a active shooter threat appears that threat is over here in the Permian Basin. That's the latest from police chief Odessa police chief, mr. jerky. He says the suspect has been killed. We do know that 21 victims were shot. We know that five are dead. We know this all started with a traffic stop which it appears to have taken place and I believe Midland County off I-20, and then that's where that off. That's where that suspect, during that traffic stop just shot at a DPS officer, the traffic stop was being conducted by DPS, shot the officer and then possibly shot, maybe a civilian there. We know that of the 21. We haven't confirmed how many were shot in each since incident, but after that incident, after that traffic stop, he fled. The scene, fled to Odessa shot somebody at I 20 in East loop and then took east loop to 42nd Street, where we got all of those reports. We got all of those phone calls about so many different shootings kind of unraveling there and by the Twin Peaks by the Walmart. By that very popular reports of multiple yeah, it comes there yeah very popular shopping area. We got reports that UTPB had been placed on lockdown and think all of that kind of work together in that situation and after those string of shootings. What appears to be, he then fled back to Midland and at some point excuse me I'm getting ahead of myself at some point. He hijacks a mail van right, flees back to Midland, shoots, a middling officer and possibly more victims, and then heads east to synergy, and that appears to where this all came to an end and dps and, as we mentioned all officers on Midland County, Sheriff's, Office, Midland, Police Department after County, nearly every local agency kind of came together converged onto the suspect and were able to shoot and kill. That suspect. We know that suspect is chief Goerke says, is a white male in his mid 30s. We know that chief gurkey says that he believes he knows who the suspect is and has him identified, but they are not releasing any names at this point until they are completely sure and have that information confirmed we'll get you that information as soon as we have it confirmed, and we will let you know more importantly, we will get you the names of the victims as soon as we know they are compiling a list of those victims. We know 21 victims. So at this point we know that five are dead. You know an interesting thing that we don't know yet is they have not said exactly what fire what type of firearm was used, and they have not said why that gold Honda was pulled over initially, we don't? No, it's so far, they're just no reports of that. So we are working on getting you that information. We have a newsroom that is full of people right now and support coming from all of our stations across the state of Texas to help us out with this story. So we will keep you updated on digital and social media as well as here on the air right and I do have a new statement from President Trump on Twitter, as we remain kind of in the focus of all of the nation. At this time, given the horrific nature and the gravity of this situation, president Trump has tweeted and I'll quote just briefed by Attorney General about shootings in Texas, FBI and law enforcement is fully engaged more to follow. And again, we already know that Governor Abbott to help brief, I, guess federal officials and local law enforcement and kind of try to move forward from this tragedy. You know you know Melissa, it's not something that I really wanted to talk about, but obviously I think if you, if you follow newsWest nine, you know, I was in El, Paso and I. Shot. I saw that community that had to rally together and I didn't think that I would have to report on something like this again. So soon it's just it's it's. So it's so painful because you know we just look at the numbers right now, as we try to bring you the latest information. We know that 21 people are affected. We know that five are dead. We know that 21, those 21 people, branch out and the families and friends and that make up our community and obviously we don't know the condition of those people that are hurt and whether how many will survive and how many we could end up with more and just the loss of life at just it's something that senseless it's senseless, senseless and yeah. This is something that no communities is prepared to deal with, but certainly something that you never expect happen to you, and you hear so many times. People saying that whenever gun violence is going on- and you know lots of finger pointing and the bottom line is that you know- we've got the bottom line on today and saving lives that unless we need to remember them correctly, we need to mourn them. This gives the community a chance to to come together in in tragedy and hopefully, eventually send a message to these people of violence that that they won't it's just it's just so tough to come here, yeah and- and at this point again, you know, hang on to your loved ones- tell them to stay inside tonight, an extra prayer for those victims, certainly for the victims and we'll we're hoping that we don't get any more reports of any more victims, 21 right now, five dead. Is that tragic? No idea? Why do you month? Oh yeah, no idea what sort of injuries, but we do know that that 17 month old, that's just under two years old, a little toddler shot in the face from what we understand and is heading out to University, Medical Center in Lubbock, for hopefully the best care that we can possibly get that child. So keep in mind that it's important to stay out of the way of officers who are trying to work these scenes it's important to let them do their work and do their jobs so that, if there is a second suspect, they'll find them at this point, they've not indicated that there was anyone else involved. They believe there is only one individual that was causing all of this chaos. We believe that's a white male mid-30s. They believe they know who this white male is and- and one thing I wanted to touch on you kind of mentioned that there is, they don't believe, there's another threat out there right now. They believe that one suspect was the case and one suspect has been killed, but we have gotten reports of the Odessa City Mall we've gotten reports of the Midland, the Midland mall and police chief Goerke addressed that he said you know these calls are ok if you're frightened they're for you. If you feel something might be miss out of place. Please call let us look into it. Let us have our officers respond to it. Let's prevent any other violence from happening. He understands people are a little jumpy and he understands you know, given the nature of this case, that people are a little on edge, so remain vigilant, remain aware of your surroundings, but as of right now, many places rightfully so went on. Lockdown and I know we had a bureau reporter out at the Ector County Coliseum they locked down that Ector County Coliseum he was inside. He said there was nothing there that was out of the ordinary and that they did take them off lockdown, but kept that heavy law enforcement presence just outside of the gates to make sure that everybody was safe inside so again, law enforcement, taking extra precautions to keep people safe. We know that Music City Mall was also an area that they were concerned about to get inside. Make sure that you know that the folks that were inside of the mall were ok, and at this point we don't have specific details, but I believe many of those folks out there in the mall were evacuated as well, so just taking those extra precautions and making sure any times a situation like this take every precaution necessary. It's always better to be safe than sorry. Now, right now we do have another sound bite. That's come in from a witness to these shootings we're going to go ahead and let you here pick up here went into the Coliseum just trying trying to get to safety, because there were, you know, groomers those factors that the shooters in the area. Of course that's all been confirmed now. So a lot of people just taken shelter inside the Coliseum there's, there's a mother kind of running out towards the Midway, where the rides are and whatnot saying he was going after her daughter. Oh my gosh. She had to get her daughter and I was testing everybody into a little little frantic situation right there, but she got her daughter and after that, I had a few people came running in the Coliseum heavy law enforcement presence on the premises still and I would. Imagine, though, continued to be the case still, okay. Well, we are getting some new information into the newsroom at this time. We do know that there are some events going on in the Permian Basin right now and Caribbean Basin Fair, which is there at the Ector County Coliseum is still going on, as is being reported from one of our reporters, but the crowds are very thin and really you're not recommended to go out there. If you had plans to go out there go out another night, maybe reschedule it for another time, because tonight is just you don't want to be on the roads. There are still investigations. There are still police presences out there. You don't want to get involved with that, and our other reporter was able to inform us that summer mummers has also been cancelled for tonight. So you know sure you can get a rain check on those tickets. It's a great event. Everybody loves summer mummers, but not tonight, I'm getting in I'm getting an unconfirmed report. That is an update on the Midland police officer who was shot. This unconfirmed report says that he is out of surgery and is in stable condition. Now this again is very unconverted, be very good news, very good news and any other reports that we have coming in. We actually have a breaking report right now. I don't want to interrupt you, but we are going to have a press conference from the Medical Center hospital with Tate. So let's go ahead and hear the latest from what's going on there. Maybe we can find out what's going on with all those victims that we know we're affected. That's it. I didn't hit the TV you because my TV is plugged into the park all right. We try to give time every time. I set up sorry all right here we go. Thank you all for coming out here on a short notice. We appreciate you being here. First of all, we're just gonna be very short and very brief, but we felt it necessary just to update everybody and just to get on top of this situation. Let me introduce myself first. My name is Russell Tippin I'm, the CEO of medical center health systems, I'm joined here by Matt, he's our chief operations officer. We have Cherise here, she's an RN and that we have our marketing guy here, Lucas, so we're just what we're going to do here. Just briefly, is give some some facts. Some quick information I know everybody's want to know with what the status and everything is, but I we just want to come out a brief after this is over we're gonna go back, get some more details to get our heads wrapped around this and then we'll inform the media when we're going to come out again with some more information. Okay. So, first of all, let me start with this. Anybody that hears the sound of my voice. You need to grasp on to your loved ones and hold on to them, and you need to pray for this town and all the towns and the families and the and the victims involved. You need to hold on to them, because this is a scary incident and nobody is guaranteed tomorrow and if you are here, you can hear my voice. Please take a minute to stop and give your thoughts and your prayers to all the families and the victims of this tragic incident. Okay, first of all, that's the first thing we need to do. First is do that. I'm gonna, give you just some information about what we have going on here at Medical Center, and let me give you an update. What we know is right now we have 14 victims in the hospital. Okay, we have 14 victims inside I'm, not ready to discuss ages or anything like that. But I will let you know. We have 14 people on site. The hospital has staged an area for the families. We have counselors grief, counselors, everybody, social workers with the families right now trying to provide them some support. So we have them staged in the area we have an executive nurse and the nursing team is signed to that area to take families and update them on their family members or friends that are here, and so we have somebody signed to that to work with the families. Okay, the hospital and all the locations are locked down, and that's only for the safety of our staff and for everybody in the hospitals. Okay, once we feel it's safe to open that back up, we will but right now everything is locked down for safety purposes, all right, our nurses, doctors, everybody lab techs housekeeping. Everybody is doing a fantastic job. We have. We have good blood sources. We have good supplies right now. Everything is good at this point. Okay, as far as we know, we're getting wrong we're hearing it like y'all are we're getting a lot of updates a lot of information, but right now the hospital is stable, is secure, everybody that was in the hospital we've secured them we're taking care of them, while taking in all these people at the same time, pace you're just joining us. We we are covering a very difficult event here in the Permian Basin DPS trooper tried to pull over a gold Honda. This all started with this one car being pulled over when that DPS trooper tried to pull that Honda over that driver of that Honda shot that DPS trooper. That vehicle been traveled down east loop in to Odessa on 42nd Street, multiple victims there, where he stole a postal van and took off, believed going to back to Midland shot of what we believe was a Midland officer, maybe some more victims. We don't really know about I mean we're trying to. We do we're doing the numbers as we get them. We know 21 victims, we know 14 and medical center house, but we know one was airlifted and we know the dot. The officers know we don't know exactly how many people were shot and what sitting you know what that case may be, but well obviously paint that picture after going to Midland, though, went back to Odessa and to the synergy there and again, multiple victim. We do have something in those various locations. We want to go ahead and we know we have a lot of college students in the area and a lot of this craziness was taking place at that Twin Peaks in that 42nd and University area, so UTPB they had issued a lockdown of their campus. So right now we just got this tweet from the University of Texas of the Permian Basin. That's asking students and I'll read and quote. If you are on campus resident, we will be verifying that you are okay. If you live in the RDH, your Ras or hall director will be checking with you. If you live in apartments, please come to the Parker ranch house at 6:30 to check in obviously just want to make sure that all of their students are okay and that everyone is accounted for. We are getting messages. Speaking of social media, though I don't want to interrupt you. We do have Victor Blanco on deck who's been wanting to share with us some of what's going on in social media, he's definitely the most in touch and into a guy that we have so Victor. What's going on in the social media, world Thank You Dana, thousands of people are reaching out to address what is happening, including including our president ret president Trump reached out. To said he has received a brief on what is happening as well as local government. You can see behind me here. We have President Trump, we tweeted about it, saying that he was addressed by general bar about the shootings in Texas, as well as other law enforcement agencies that are engaging I'd, also like to share with you some tweets from local government. We had J Ross, lacy tweeted out prayers for both communities of Midland and Odessa. This is truly a tragedy and, of course, representative brooks Landgraf. He reached out to say the tragic situation unfolding in Odessa is serious. Please stay in your homes, I've been in contact with DPS officials, speaker and government governor, and we are working to help in any way possible. But in the meantime, he's asking that you pray for these victims and again you're not alone. There are grief counselors out there, but if you're not able to make it to them- and you just need to speak with somebody- please feel free to reach out on social media. Our newsroom phone number line is online. You can reach out anytime, let's go ahead and toss things back over to you, Dana and Melissa. Thanks thanks Victor. We just found out that Medical Center Hospital is gonna. Have another briefing it's about 7:45 about an hour from now, so there they will continue to to update us on what's happening there, they're treating 14 victims from the shooting right now. The total in all is 20 one victims with five of those already confirmed to be dead. We know that a 17 month old was transported to University Medical Center Hospital in Lubbock and is going to be treated there. Our thoughts and our prayers are going out to all of the families involved and again recapping a traffic stop for reasons right now that we do not know Goldin. We don't even know why he was pulled over it's still another big question, gold, Honda's DPS trooper wasn't was he speeding was driving recklessly to get pulled over just so many unanswered questions. Obviously those will unfold in the investigations to come, but speaking of the Medical Center hospital, we're gonna go in toss things back out to Tate Owens and she has a another update for us from the hospital all right yeah. So I am out here at MCH and I'm talking with some people out here, they're all bystanders, just kind of taking a look at the situation and really trying to take it in for what it is. Now we just heard from a hospital official, they told us that it is definitely a scary situation. That's unfolded. He said that if you're able to hear his voice or I guess my voice at this point- that you should hug your loved ones and be thankful that you're here now he said that the town definitely needs prayers. They do have grief counselors inside the hospital at the time to help the families kind of cope with everything. That's been going on so again he did tell us that there are 14 people here at MCH that are being treated now. Like I said earlier, there were people that were transported out of the hospital to make room for those more critical patients. That was what we heard from Medical Center officials. Now again, we've been told that the blood supplies are good they're, not needing any blood or anything right now the hospital is stable, but it is on lockdown now he said that was for the safety of both the hospital officials and the patient. So that is what is happening right now: I'm gonna step out of the way just a little bit so that you can get a good look at the scene. Now the hospital official also said that information is coming in wave, so he's going to continue to update us. As information comes available now, victims started being brought in approximately around 4 p.m. at this particular hospital. He also mentioned that they're pretty much pasady, so they can't really handle any more patients if any more need to brought in. He couldn't say whether or not they're aware victims at other local hospitals at the time, but we do have by people that were confirmed dead and 21 injured. So we do know that they have to be at other locations, just kind of by trial, of elimination. Now of those people dead, we do know that it for sure has to included a Midland Police, Department officer, Odessa, Police Department and a state trooper. So just keep in mind how serious the situation is. The hospital is going to provide us more information at 7:45 this evening and as we get more information, of course, we'll continue to update you. So just go ahead and stay tuned with us at newsWest, 9 I'm, going to send it back to you guys in the studio, Thank You Tate I do want to share with you UTPB just tweeted out that the dining hall will stay open tonight until 9:00 p.m. to accommodate any students. If you need to go and eat check-in speak with somebody, they are there and they're available. You can see behind me. There's the tweet again they'll stay open until 9:00 p.m. just stop by check in with somebody make sure that you're okay, if you need it again, there's 51,000 people talking about this online right now, if you'd like to join in it is very unfortunate that we're trending at the moment for this reason, but it is happening so go ahead and hop over there. We got plenty of tweets coming in and out again, we have all of our local government reaching out to let us know: Mike Conaway and his wife Suzanne. They said they're praying for our men and women in blue victims, first responders on scene hospital staff, preparing for the worst and loved ones of all affected by the senseless act of violence in Midland and Odessa, and they asked everyone to stay safe and stay informed. So again you can read their UTPB will open their their dining hall again. If you're an on, if you're an on-campus resident, they will be verifying that you're, okay, so you'll need to check in with your RDA RDH or your Ras or hall directors and they're gonna come check in with you. If you live in the apartments, please come to the Parker ranch at 6:30. That's this evening, 6:30 at the Parker ranch house to check in they just want to make sure that everyone is okay, again 51,000 people talking about this reach out. If you have something to say, join that conversation. If you are a student on campus, please go check in with your RA and let them know that you, our home and you are safe, so that we can get everybody accounted for at this time. Let's go ahead and throw things back over to you Dana and Melissa Thank You Victor. So thanks Victor, as we continue to compile this information I think every time. Every few minutes we should probably just try to relay what happened as we learn about it and we kind of digest it. I'll go ahead and go through the facts of what we know in this case and again it all started at just after three o'clock: a traffic stop in Midland County by a DPS officer on I-20 that traffic stop led to the driver shooting at the DPS officer, which then struck that DPS officer. He was injured, but in stable condition. The the scene then goes the that driver then fled the fled. The area went west on I-20 ended up at about the East loop in I-20, shot another person according to police and then headed east towards 42nd Street. That's where a lot a majority of this mayhem took place. We're told that there were multiple shooting scenes, multiple victims and that's also, where police have said he hijacked. A mail van took that mail van back to Midland they're in Midland apparently shot a Midland police officer and then headed back east and again. This is where it all kind of comes to an end by reports of police that he made it to about the synergy, the Odessa synergy and that's where so many local law enforcement agencies were able to converge on this suspect, get him pulled over, get him stopped in his vehicle and at some point, exchanged gunfire killing. That suspect who has been identified as a white man in his 30s, some of the things that we're still unaware of or how many people were shot in each location and the gun that he used. The firearm again I spoke with DPS. In the heat of the moment. They told me that it was a rifle. We don't know what kind of type of rifle, or what kind of, and really anything else about the firearm other than the speculation that that DPS officer in the heat of the moment mentioned that it was a rifle. We know 21 victims right now, I believe chief gurkey said that those victims were shot, but we do not have any sort of idea of the severity of the victims and the no no indication right now about we're working right now to to get that information, and we know that out of those 21 victims that were shot, one was a DPS officer. One was a Midland Police Department officer, and one was an OPD officer. Five people are dead now from this shooting rampage, and we know that 14 of these people are being treated at Medical, Center, Hospital, again, all with varying conditions, varying conditions and Medical. Center Hospital is compiling a list of names of those victims and hopefully we'll get some more information for you on those victims. Medical Center hospital did say that they would have another press conference in about an hour at 7:45. I think it's about an hour from now, and so we hope to bring you some more information and, of course we are tracking all of this information on social media and we are, you- can get information on our web page, any anything that we can get you that comes into our newsroom. We have an entire team and they're working on this right now, so information is still coming in and again we've gotten a flood of information. We try to confirm everything that we can with officials. Obviously you've seen the press conference making sure you know even chief Jerky's information said. Could change so just know that what we are giving you is the best information that we have. So this is what we know right right. This is very fluid. What we know one shooter is what it appears to be. Chief gurkey stands by that statement. One shooter stole started with a traffic, stop shot a DPS officer stole a mail van shot, multiple people within within Midland. We have 21 victims as of right. Now five people are dead of those victims, don't know the gun, man that was arrested as a white male in his 30s and he is dead killed by officers at what appears to be synergy. Indeed, chief Goerke said, though, that they they didn't have any shootings after that suspect was caught. So some good news there that day be contained. You know, nervous calls. Jumpy calls people something's going on people are nervous and which is perfectly understandable and they respect those calls and they enjoy. They don't enjoy those hoses long term, but they appreciate those calls because they they want to make sure everyone's safe and they take every precaution. But as of right now, like you said no other victims, and it doesn't appear to be an active threat now we do have some new video coming in this is from within Twin Peaks I haven't seen it. So, if you were aware, okay is this: is this raw video? This is raw video from a shot by a viewer. Yes, okay in this video that appears to be looped, you can see the officers and heavy artillery with their armored Iran and their helmets and assault rifles in hand, a scary situation for anyone, obviously eating at that restaurant. We did get reports that that suspect, went up, went east on the east loop and at 42nd Street. There was a really a scene of mayhem where there were multiple shootings and multiple victims. Obviously, officers responding with all force needed right there in that situation. Just it's scary to watch I mean you have to have the utmost respect for our officers, who are willing to put themselves in harm's way anytime. Their duty is called and heavy artillery every every heavy firearms armored gear just ready to take on what appeared to be a very dangerous situation. Now it didn't get resolved there. That suspect was obviously able to make his way to Midland according to chief Gerke and then make his way back east to synergy where that's where he finally ran into that final road. Stop of local authorities who were not going to let him take this dangerous situation. One step further and lots of unconfirmed reports coming in right now about what's happening with surgeries and with law enforcement, surgeries and saving lives out there. So hats off to our medical staff here in the area who taking care of these these victims, they are trained for this and they do trained throughout the year for active shooter type situations or for situations where multiple victims are coming in at one time, so they're really being put to the test today, because it's it's a difficult time can't stress enough that we do know that the suspect is no more shootings after that suspect was taken down by police, but we are encouraging. Everybody and law enforcement is, is asking you to stay out of the way of their work and to stay home while they make sure that this situation is is under control, like you said, cook cook a home-cooked meal staying with the family hug, your hug, your loved ones, stay close with everyone tonight and just say a prayer for the victims. Obviously we have quite a few victims and, like I, can kind of mention before from my experience in El Paso, you see how quickly that branches out into a community with 21 victims, there will be friends, there'll, be family, there'll, be friends of friends and obviously we'll have more stories, we'll identify them and remember them and mourn them, and we can expect those kind of things to happen in the near future as we learn more about who those people were and how their lives were tragically cut short right now we have another look at the screen, we're going to cut to that. This is a look at Cynergy. This was the scene. We obviously have told you that that shooters life, the active shooter threat, came to an end nearby that synergy. So you can see just how many law enforcement officers are there. Heavy police presence from Odessa, DPS, I'm sure, there's Midland Department I mean just in that small little frame of maybe 20 yards. We see about 30 vehicles, there, Oh law enforcement has in the area has pitched in to help out. We know that we have Odessa police department, the Ector County Sheriff's, Department Mill and PD, the Midland County Sheriff's Department, and even the MISD and Ector County Independent School District Police, as well as the colleges here in the area with their police patrols, are helping out so a very good show of support and teamwork amongst law enforcement here in the Permian Basin to handle this situation for everybody, which is so important, because, given the proximity of Midland and Odessa and the the fact that the suspect was racing from one city to the other, without that kind of communication. With that cut, now that kind of fluid response there could have been a lot more danger. That could have been a lot more damage not to not to understate anything. That's happened here, but obviously you have to be thankful for the police's response and how they were able to kind of converge and end this situation. Dangerous situation for everyone involved absolutely well. At this time we have been on air now for about two hours. We want to continue to broadcast to you. Let you know everything that, as it comes into our newsroom, give you the latest information, the latest from officials as it comes in, but right now we are going to go back to your regular scheduled programming in just a few seconds, but we will continue on the website on newsWest, nine comm and as well as facebook live. So you can continue to watch us. You can continue to bring you all the latest information as we get it. Obviously we still expect to hear through officials throughout the night. We still expect to hear more about the victims. We still expect to paint this grisly picture and more and everybody that deserves to be mourned. It's gonna be a long night, but we will be here will be here to give you all the latest news and all the latest word from officials to stick with us on newsWest 9 com and again we'll be back at newsWest 9 at 10:00, and thank you for sitting in we're. Gonna go ahead and toss things over to Victor who's, been watching our social media presence and watching the social media presence in the Permian Basin Thank You. Dana, yes, I am again we're trending online with over 50,000 people talking about us on Twitter alone, the hashtag Midland shooting it has started trending and again. If you want to join in on that conversation, many people are reaching out, especially UTPB, who is saying if you are a student or even if you're, a non student and you're in the area and you'd like to seek counseling or you just want to check in with somebody please reach out to them online. That's on Twitter at UTPB or just reach out to us here on news, West 9 and we do have newsWest 9 digital again. Many people all around are tweeting about this to include President Trump, governor Abbott, who said he will be visiting tomorrow for a press conference. But I just want to read to you some other tweets that we had come in earlier again from JC Ross lacy, who tweeted out that his prayers for both the communities of Midland and Odessa, saying that this was truly a tragedy and then again, representative Landgraf Oh again behind me there you can see Kim Paxton, who said I'm horrified to see such a senseless act, terrorized the fine people of the Permian Basin. Thank you to the courageous, local and state first responders who work quickly today. So again, many many of our state officials and local representatives have reached out to share their condolences and their prayers. So if you could join that conversation just head on over to Twitter, we also have a story on Facebook. Everyone is putting their comments there, as well again represent representative Landgraf, also reached out to say that he is working he's working with DPS and the governor and the speaker to help any in any way possible. In the meantime, he asked for everyone to continue sending prayers, sending keeping Midland and Odessa. In your thoughts same for representative Conway, who said he and Suzanna, his wife are praying for our area. The men and women in blue victims, first responders on scene hospital staff preparing for the worst and loved ones all affected by the senseless act of violence. Again, these are all coming for Twitter. So, if you want to join in on that conversation head on over there, you really just have to go online. It sits at the top of the page because it is getting that much attention. People are sending their thoughts, their prayers, their condolences and if you feel you need to reach out to somebody, please join that conversation find UTPB. They are holding several areas where you can come and meet with them. So let's go ahead and take things back over to Dana. Thank you so much thank you, Victor and, as we continue our digital coverage here, obviously just a very scary situation that unfolded in our community again. This all started at just about after 3 o'clock, where a traffic stop led to a shooting to a of a DPS officer. Now, at this time, I'm gonna go and give you all the details that we do and don't know as I break down this timeline. We know the traffic stop happened just again after 3 o'clock about 3:17, a gold Honda was pulled over. We don't know why the car was pulled over, but that driver opened fire hitting the DPS officer and then took off. He then drove west on I-20 to I to the east. Loop is what we're told by police chief Goerke, where he shot another person at that time and then got went ahead and went east on the loop to 42nd Street, and this is really where all the mayhem that were told unfolded. We're told there were several shootings several victims and at some point, this man left that gold Honda behind and then hijacked a federal mail van and then took that mail van back to Midland I'm, not sure if he was eluding authorities or if they had caught up to him at this point, but he shot a police officer in Midland and then headed east, where he was stopped at about the synergy right there. On 151 we've seen plenty of cell phone video we'll take some of it here in just a moment to show you some of the scene that we saw out there when they surrounded that van, which ultimately led to this demise, that we're told that that shooter exchanged gunfire with police and they were able to kill him. In his van now going over the victims, we were told that there were 21 victims. Total were told that 5 people are dead of those victims. We're told that one Midland police officer, one Odessa police officer and one DPS officer- were injured. They all appear to be recovering in surgery. Some of those reports are unconfirmed, but we don't. We did get a official report that the DPS officer officer was stable. Again, the suspect has been identified by police as a white male in his 30s. We don't know exactly what kind of gun he was using at in the heat of the moment, as I was speaking with officials, and all of this was taking place. Dps officials did tell me that he was armed with a rifle now since, since the shooter was killed, police have said that there have been no other victims confirmed. There have been some reports of some suspicious activity at we've, heard the Music City Mall in Odessa, the Midland mall, the Ector County Coliseum. Obviously, people on edge people a little jumpy and the police chief Goerke said you know this is fine, calling these reports, we appreciate them. We want to make sure we take every precaution, but they have investigated. They have been working through them and as of right now we have no other active threats reported in the Permian Basin, but still I think it goes without saying. In the community tonight you're asked to just stay inside cook a home-cooked meal stay with your family. You know, embrace your loved ones, say a prayer for the victims. Obviously there are 21 family. There are they're friends of their friends and family of 21 people who are going to be in a very sad and tragic place tonight. So here at newsWest 9, we extend our condolences and we hope the community will come together and embrace these victims and hopefully, as we move forward, mourn them in the proper way. As for those 21 victims, we we as of right now we are told that you know. 14 of them are at Medical, Center Hospital continuing to receive treatment. All of their are varied. We do note the Medical Center Hospital, what we just heard in the latest press conference that it is on lockdown as of right now. So if you have some sort of medical situation tonight, you might want to have to find another place to go because for the safety of those victims and for the safety of the staff that hospital remains on lockdown. As of right now, we're gonna go ahead and toss things over to our social media guru, Victor, Blanco who's been checking in on social media and he's also with Anthony France Dana I just wanted to take this moment. While we aren't talking about people reaching out and helping out right, if it's not life-threatening, there is a Facebook people are reaching out for the Odessa shooting and the Midland shooting, offering help offering food offering water right so any and all help is definitely necessary and also very appreciated. If you can do so, something that is when we have a tragedy like this is coming together. It's something that we really need to do it's very important and it's not an exactly an emergency, maybe you're, just scared I want to check in with people right. You know. The emergency services are gonna, be incredibly busy. So please check in with someone checking on Facebook checking on Twitter. Just let someone know you are okay again at UTPB they are holding they've they've tweeted out several areas that you can go to they're, holding little get-togethers and gatherings for food. If you just need shelter or anything of that sort, and we are continuing to receive an outpour online of just it's yeah, it's overwhelmed gotten so much in here. It's overwhelming how much people were coming together right now already, and we just need to continue to do that for other 21 victims here and at least the five that have died today in this senseless shooting. So you want to talk about Brooks addressed again there you can see. All of our local officials have been reaching out to. You know, send their condolences. Representative Landgraf is one of them here saying the tragic situation unfolding in Odessa is serious. Please stay in your homes. He has said he's spoken with DPS officials, the speaker and the governor governor Abbott, who said he will be coming to make a visit tomorrow and that they will be working in to help in any way possible and again asking for those prayers for the victims for the law-enforcement, for anyone involved and again just make sure you're checking in with your own family in the area check in online make sure everyone knows where you are and that you are safe in this trying time we'll continue to monitor social media. If anything, any updates come there, we will we'll let you know Dana back to you. Yeah thanks Victor, so as we continue to break down the information that we've received, we just want to kind of go through over and over for you guys for those who are just tuning in as we kind of move forward. You mentioned Victor and Anthony about the outpouring of support that social media has seen from across the country. I can speak from my experience in El. Paso I won't get into too much, but it's at times like this that communities have to pull together in order to remember one another in the bonds that we have and remember the victims and mourn the victims. Moving forward, we're gonna go and show you some video right here. This is a scene outside of synergy where that suspects life was apparently ended before he killed five people and injured another 21 in the shooting. Now police chief Goerke tells us that the suspect ended up at Cynergy after well. It appears to be a wild ride of shooting and hijacking cars. It started with a traffic stop where, if he shot that DPS officer and then made his way eventually to 42nd Street near Twin Peaks, where several other shootings took place and then before going to Midland and then coming back east to synergy where we take you right now with this video, as you can see, the crime scene, kind of setup and obviously just in that little 10 15 yards of the camera shot, you can see how many police vehicles converged I'm sure there's many more around the area in that area. This is obviously all blocked off and locked off and still under investigation. So I think the message tonight is uh, as you can see right here from heavy police presence in investigations. Given the nature of this incident that traveled all throughout Midland and Odessa, there's gonna be a lot of police presence. There's gonna be a lot of investigations. There's gonna be a lot of police activity tonight. That's why local authorities are asking you to just stay inside tonight, stay inside tonight and protect yourself embrace your loved ones and, most importantly, you know, allow police to finish. Securing the scene and finish their investigation and to operate doing the things that they need to do to compete, to keep this community safe right now, we're gonna go to some sound that we have sent to our newsroom from a witness to one of the scenes of the shooting. Psynergy was surrounded by police officers, and then there was police officers nearby, the area. So as we were leaving that's when we saw the the US postal van going right as we passed in the street and a high rate at the be going east like towards energy and they had behind psynergy, they had the road blocked. He ran into a police couple police officers and they were shooting at the van when, when it came to a stop once I guess they got nearby and they realized that he was. He was not alive. It's when they, they pulled him out of the Vans, crazy and I. Just never realized that we would have experienced anything like that here in our own community. Does that mean we were running and at the same time, you're looking out for your loved ones, making sure that they're behind you're, close by you know your hearts going in a hundred miles an hour thinking? Are we going to get out of here alive? It's it's it's! It was crazy, it was. It was scary, it was crazy, it was all hearts were racing and you know tell my husband: I was I didn't know, we were gonna, run out the front door and get shot or run up the front door and be safe. Well, thanks for hectic up here had a lot of spam went into the Coliseum just trying to get to safety because there were, you know, rumors those actors that the shooters in the area. Of course that's all been confirmed now. So a lot of people just taken shelter inside the Coliseum there's, there's a mother kind of running out, porch down towards the Midway where the rods are and whatnot he was going after her daughter, oh my god, she had to get her daughter and I was in everybody into a little little frantic situation right there, but she got her daughter and a couple other little shortly after that I had a few people came running into the Coliseum Kevi law enforcement presence on the premises still and I would imagine that will continue to be the case still yeah. We continue to cover this story here, where five people have unfortunately passed away, 21 injured in this senseless shooting tonight or this evening. Yes, in fact, our very own Sammy was right there on the scene. She tweeted out. If you want to go ahead and read up yeah saying we steal our own reporter tweeted out peaches, funeral homes says that they are going to provide free services for all the victims in this shooting. It's peaches, funeral home, providing free services for all the victims in this shooting and I think this is a live. Look at MCH. Yes, the hospital right out here. This is the scene. You can see. Everyone is mourning and gathering here again if you are on the scene or if you are even if you're already at home and you're at safe. Please let somebody know where you are so that we can make sure everyone, as many people as possible, are home and safe, just send out a tweet market on Facebook, even on snapchat people are reaching out to share the situation as it happened, and now that everyone is okay, I'm, not quite sure what you're seeing here. But again it is everyone is it's. A tough situation, for everyone has been sad scene right there too. Yes, as we all mourn the loss of at least five and 21 others that were injured yeah. This is not much else to say about it. I'm Twitter, so many people from around the country around the world are talking about midland-odessa right now, just a national story. That's unfortunately, you don't always think that this is gonna happen where you live, and that sounds cliche and people always say it. But it's true. I was just watching college football today and I saw messages, keep streaming into our Facebook feed about shootings and I, couldn't believe it, and it's just hard to believe that this happens here. Yeah I live right next to synergy and I heard the gunshots from from my apartment and I ran down there to see what was going on, didn't know the situation at the moment, but basically saw it unravel as it happened, and it was just tough to be there. It's tough now, knowing what we know senator Koren, just tweeted out. He said that tonight we are with the entire midland-odessa community, especially the victims of this horrific tragedy. He wants to thank law enforcement first responders and everyone involved for their courage in a possible situation, just continuing outpour of support, I've seen so many messages like that, and while those are all appreciated that there are some things that maybe we can do to donating water, donating, possibly blood donations and we'll try to get you information on that and how you can donate as soon as we know how we can do that, - all right, well, I, believe our reporter Phoenix O'connor has more information for you Phoenix. What can you tell us, Thank, You Jana, so right now in the parking lot of the Medical Center health and wellness, it's right off the 191. It's also where the Veterans Hospital is now. If you pan over there, you can see that the scene is very much active now. What we are told is that the shooters vehicle that he was in is over there in that area. Now, I cannot confirm that that it's just like what we have been told. I can also say that the traffic is moving pretty steadily off of 191, but you are still advised to stay indoors. If you are there, as I just mentioned, maybe about 30 or 40 minutes ago, the Edessa police chief said that they are not sure whether or not there was a second shooter or not they're, still very much in the still beginning stages of the investigation. I also see that I see some ATF agents that are here at the Medical Center Hospital right now it looks like they are kind of going around the perimeter right now now, if you're worried about your loved one and you're wanting to know whether or not they are okay, if you go over to the Odessa Medical Center, they are having an area in the cafeteria where loved ones can go and speak to someone that is out there. Now the names I have been told have not yet been released, but we can say they 21 people have been shot. We can't confirm that five are dead. We are staying on top of this story. We are also on Lonestar radio. We've been going on for the past two hours, Dana Melissa I've been been hearing you guys on the radio. Now, if you want to know more information, of course, we're gonna update, you go to newsWest, 9 dot-com and our website. We're also have an app where you can stay up to date and stay with us right here at newsWest, 9, coming to you in Midland, I'm, Phoenix, O'connor back to you, Dana Thank, You Phoenix. So again we're continuing to get that out of more we've. Seen more tweets, come in Ted Cruz, just tweeted a number of tweets saying that he and his wife Heidi are heartbroken by the heinous act and they're lifting up prayers for all of the victims, the families and the entire community banking law enforcement and and the heroes that have risked their lives to act swiftly. Stop the shooter and save others and I believe we've had even more. You said you saw representative or excuse me, senator Bennett or or tweeted as well, just tweeting how we need to come together here in Midland and Odessa, and just have that community spirit, and we can make it through things like this. We don't want to have to deal with these kind of things, but it's insanely sad. But it's something that we have to come together as a community and be able to just fight through it and again, if you are alone at home and you need to reach out there's Facebook, there's Twitter UTPB has set up a number of areas. Church services there get coming together. The whole community is just coming together in the wake of what the this tragedy and again we'll continue to bring every all the information up today as soon as we can and share some of the tweets that we're getting. In again, we already heard from some of the Senators some of our representatives and as we continue to get that, what we'll share more with you, let's go ahead and send things back over to Dana for a moment and see if we have any further updates Dana. Thank you guys for your hard work and continuing to keep your ears out to social media. Obviously, there's a lot going on out there in the social world, people want to know information. People want to reach out to us, and people want to express their condolences and obviously officials from Texas we've heard from Ted Cruz we've heard from Governor we've heard from Ken Paxton we've heard from better o'rourke, even the president, everyone's being briefed on what's happened, and everyone has expressed their condolences. Unfortunately, that's one of the only things we can do at this moment is to remember those victims and to mourn them and to think about how we can prevent these things from happening in the future. Let's go ahead and I'm going to recap everything that we know about this deadly situation today that happened here in the Permian Basin in our home, starting just about right at after 3:15 and approximately 3:17 there was a traffic stop in Midland County. It was conducted by a DPS officer. We're told that d, PSI d, PSI fficer, was shot by the driver. That DPS officer is in stable condition, but that driver would then fled the scene heading west down I-20 to about the East loop, then again in Odessa at that intersection or that area. We're told that he shot another person and and he traveled east, on the loop to about 42nd Street in that Twin Peaks Wal Mart that very busy shopping district and we're told that's where a lot of the mayhem unfolded or told there were several shooting shootings there. Several shots fired, multiple victims and at some point, that officer was a bird that excuse me that shooter hijacked a vehicle, a federal mail van nonetheless, and then took off again back towards Midland this. Obviously this the timeline that police, Odessa, police chief Goerke has painted for us and at that point on his way back to Midland we're told a Midland police officer was injured in a shooting and then that suspect at some point made its way back east circling around and then getting to that synergy. Where we're told that suspects life was ended as police departments, the Odessa Police Department, Midland, Police, Department DPS and several other local law enforcement agencies were all able to converge and funnel that suspect into one spot, get his vehicle stopped, exchanged, gunfire and killed. That suspect now, that suspect, has been identified as a white male in his 30s by police, chief Goerke and what we know about the victims. So far, we really know where people were shot when people were shot or how many people were shot in each location. But as of right now we're told that five people are dead, 21 others were shot and injured, and that includes one MPD officer, one OPD officer and one DPS officer who we all expect to recover and are not suffering from life-threatening injuries as far as at the Hospital and Medical Center hospital. They took after this incident and once this emergency was in place, they brought in all of their staff to help accommodate this emergency. We just heard from them in a press conference not too long ago approximately about 30 minutes ago, and they told us the first words out of the Medical Center hospital CEOs mouth rustle tippin were to embrace your family tonight to hold your loved ones, to call to check up and to appreciate the life's that we have and for too many people tragedy will struck strike them, whether it be friends or families of those 21 victims that were shot and the five that were killed too many people will have to have a painful conversation, have to have a painful phone call or have to mourn from just a sentence such a senseless act of violence. Moving along with what took place at that press conference, we heard that Medical Center Hospital is hosting 14 victims and they also set up a staging area for families where they can get food water stay in touch with one another at the hospital to be comfortable there with the victims of the shooting and that they also providing grief counselors. Now the 14 victims that are at Medical Center Hospital all have varying conditions. We don't know how many are in critical. We don't know how many are serious. We don't know how many are stable at this time. We expect to hear from the Medical Center Hospital again at 7:45 for a follow-up press conference now as far as officials, this story obviously has made national news. It's gotten the attention of everyone in the country as we have to deal with another one of these horrific shootings that claimed senseless lives. We do know that President Trump has taken to Twitter a little earlier today, and he said he was briefed by the Attorney General's about the shootings in Texas, FBI and law enforcement are fully engaged and that there will have more to follow in the next coming hours or possibly tomorrow, as we learn more about what the president's response will be, and we also know that Governor Abbott will be in the Permian Basin tomorrow to meet with a victim's families in to meet with local law enforcement, as they try to take the next steps in moving forward from a tragedy of this nature. He was just an El Paso just a few weeks ago to address that situation. I I saw him there and the governor spoke very diligently and expressed took time to meet with families and victims and everything. So we can expect that same kind of outpour of support. We know Midland and Odessa is a very tight-knit community and we know that the people here will come together and we will honor and mourn and make it through this as difficult and as painful as it might be. Now we're gonna go and toss things over back to Victor and Anthony who have more from social media. Thank you. As you said, we have been going through this and there is a warning on Twitter that will tell you some of the content you'll see on there. It is fairly graphic people who were on the scene as it as it has been absurd thing. As everything unfolded, people are able to snag some video and unfortunately, some of that's very difficult to see. So it's just a warning if you do go and look for that kind of stuff. Some of that information. Some of that video. Some of those images are hard to look at yes, but it is very important that we do all come together at this time again on Facebook. You can reach out there mark yourself as safe. Let people know call your loved ones, and it's just. The community needs to come together right now rebuild after this terrible tragedy and as Dana said, Trump was tweeting and he's joined by lots of other government officials, Kamala Harris, just tweeted out that she's also heart broke for the families and victims in Odessa in Midland and she's, hoping for a future without manciple, multiple mass shootings. But again the outpour just continues to come in and we just see we've had tweets from. Of course, president trump we've had tweets from better O'rourke and Patrice from Ted Cruz Senator John Cornyn tweeted. Tonight we are with the entire Midland Odessa community, especially the victims of this horrific tragedy. I want to thank law enforcement and first responders for their courage in an impossible situation. That's something that maybe sometimes will get overlooked as the law enforcement that were able to stop this man. Finally, without doing any more damage than he already did and again, I've already marked myself safe here on Facebook people are offering all kinds of support beyond just medical emergency. So if it's not an emergency- and you just want to reach out to somebody- maybe you need some food, some water. Let somebody know that you're safe, that's that's where you can do that and again, more information will be made available on newsWest, nine comm and our own Facebook and Twitter will be sending out all of those live updates as well, right and but yeah. Just basically, we just a situation like this. We've talked about this plenty of times, it's just incredibly difficult to know what to do right now. People may be in shock right now, but it's important to just beautyrx family hug. Your loved ones tell them that you love them right now, because life is precious, life is short. Sometimes it's sort of in. Sometimes we expect and something like this is something that makes a situation where we just need to come together as a community as a Midland and Odessa community and just fight through it. It is so terrible that that anyone would lose their life, but purchas funeral homes here in Odessa has given the green light. They will be giving free funeral funeral services to all of the victims, so they wanted to put that news out there and they shared that via social media as well. So again, we're continuing to monitor that and we will check in once again a few moments. Let's throw things back to you Dana and see, there's any more updates, Thank You, Victor Anthony your work is very appreciated. You know we're gonna, try and compile all the latest information that we can get. We know that there will be another press conference at 7:45 will certainly be streaming that live for you from MCH as they briefed us on the latest of, what's going on with the 14 victims that they have set up at the hospital right now we one thing that they told us was that their conditions vary. So we don't know how many people are in critical. We don't know how many people are in serious or just stable conditions, so we'll have to monitor that and we'll have to continue to look for the updates that we can get on that. So we can, you know, continue to express our support and possibly if we need to donate blood, we can get the word out and local agencies can set up events, so we can get the blood that's needed to continue to care for those victims who may be in a critical state. That's that's what we have coming up. You know it's it's a tough day in the Permian Basin. It's something that I, don't think anybody ever expected this community, so close-knit this community, Midland and Odessa everyone, and since I've, been out here for the two years that I've been covering inland Odessa I've never never met anybody that I would qualify as mean or nasty. It's been nothing but friendly and welcoming- and it's just a shock to me that this kind of incident could take place in a community like this I know we are going to log off here at 7:30, as we can't continue to compile information and we'll get you that press conference live stream and we'll certainly have more from it tonight we'll be live at 10 o'clock for a regularly scheduled newscast will allow you to get back to scheduled programming. We do have some video coming in right now, that's attaching! If we don't get to it right now, we'll certainly share it with you a little bit later and unfortunately, it's of that 17 month old victim as she was airlifted to the University Medical Center Hospital in Lubbock, where her condition also remains unknown. But here in newsWest 9 with the last thing I'd like to before we depart here is just to let you know that please stay in tonight, police are still active, police are still working. There are still police presence, there's still investigations that need to take place, given the nature of the shooting and how he hijacked cars and shot people here and shot people over there. There's still, a lot of investigations allow police to secure their area. Allow police to conduct their investigations. Stay in tonight enjoy a home-cooked meal, love your loved ones, embrace your loved ones, call a relative. You haven't spoken to in a while tell them how much they mean to you and we'll obviously be doing a lot for the victims here in the next couple of days, and it's a sad day here in the Permian Basin, but we will continue to move forward. We will continue to provide you the latest hold on one second, we're going to make an adjustment right here at move. Okay, that appears to be all for our coverage at this moment. We're going to go ahead and toss things toss things up: okay, so we're gonna go ahead and toss things back over to Victor and Anthony apologize for the confusion, as we continue to report on Thank You Dana, and we did just want to share a couple last things that we found out. There was some help coming that you heard from San Angelo right. We heard that Saint Angelo, the city is sending blood over to Midland and Odessa, so a very good thing there, and if we do need more additional blood donations, if we hear of that, will definitely pass that information along to you as well. Yes, and again, people are reaching out through Facebook to offer food water even work. If you need some help, just adjusting it's such a big time for all of the community to come together and to just share in the tragedy, which is a terrible thing to unite us. But is it important at this time that we come together very important to do that I mean you really hope that this situation never arises but you're exactly right, even though it did arise. That means we have to come together to make sure that the the victims families are okay, are going to be okay, it's going to be there's going to be some wounds that are going to be have to take some time to heal, though, as we come together as a community, we can make that happen just by being there for each other, loving one another and being a Permian Basin community here in West Texas, and if you want to reach out again, you tpv has set up several centers. There are church areas you can find them all online more details are available on newsWest nine com, I believe we have a little bit more right. Sorry, we have a little bit more we'll go ahead and send things back to Dana to go ahead and close this out. Thanks guys, we are going to go ahead and stay on the air until we get to that Medical Center Hospital conference that is scheduled to take place at 7:45 at the Medical Center Hospital, with the CEO of the Medical Center Hospital, Russell Tippin. We do know at the Medical Center hospital that again they have 14 victims there of all varying conditions, so we'll see if we can get some clarity on that matter, to see how many are in critical, how many are stable and if we need to get the word out on whether there needs to be some blood drives to take care of those victims and the coming days at this time, I want to go ahead and recap of what we know given the nature of the situation, if you're just tuning in or if you're, just trying to cope and understand what happened, I think as we all are within the community today, we'll go ahead and start from the top. We know that, just after 3:15 at approximately 3:17, a traffic stop by DPS of a gold Honda turned into a shooting when the driver opened fired on the officer who was conducting that traffic stop, he was shot then, after shooting that officer that suspect, / driver took off, fled the scene headed west to about I 20 in Odessa and the east loop, where we're told he opened fired again and struck a civilian. At that point he went ahead and headed east on the east loop. Now this timeline that I'm telling you just to go ahead and preference it. It is uh. This is what has been reported by Chief Odessa police chief Goerke, and he's basically told us that this is the most accurate information that they have at this time, though, it is subject to change at any time so back to where we were of the suspect. After shooting some people on I-20 at the East Loop, he had east to 42nd Street, and that again, is where the majority of the mayhem is being reported. We do know that the rear, we're gonna go ahead and interrupt this timeline and go ahead and toss things back out to Phoenix O'connor, who has another update from us so Phoenix? What do you have? Thank, You Dana, so I am still at the medical health and wellness center I'm here in the parking lot. But behind me you can see that the scene again is still active, I, see, ATF I, see Midland Police Department and the fire department. All there looks like they are still conducting. Investigation is taped off all the way to the synergy movie. Theater I also have been told that the shooters car was in there. They are looks like they are still holding investigation. You cannot get into that movie theater. It is locked down when it comes here to the health and wellness center. It looks like there are not allowing people in here either they have that blocked off when it comes to 191. It does look like it is clear and good to go. However, I'm going to encourage everyone to go ahead and still stay inside doors. I have not been told the way we're cleared earlier when I spoke with the Odessa police chief. He said that there possibly could be a second shooter, but they do not know and, as you guys know, at home, I am from here in Midland and I do have some friends that were we're shot today, and it is a very scary situation and I hope that we can all come together and pray together. I have been told with that said that if you do have a loved one that is inside the hospital there identifies not to be on their phones. They're only allowed to text so do keep that in consideration. But if you do want to kind of check in on a loved one at the Odessa Medical Center around the cafeteria area, that is where they're gonna have kind of an area for loved ones that go to speak with someone. Now we are again told that 21 people were shot, and there is five confirmed, confirmed dead now, stay with us right here on newsWest nine, we're gonna have all that updated information. We also have an app that you can download. We can find notifications and, of course, our website newsWest nine com, I'm here in Midland being so Conner back to you Dana. We have some sandwiches if y'all would like the sandwich, is anybody hungry? No you're? Okay? Is anybody hungry? We have sandwiches, we can bring if you want something to eat. Yes, you're good! You want one: okay, okay, a little bit cooler out here this time, we'll go in two minutes. That gives you enough time. Two minutes: everybody, okay, yeah, all right, y'all, ready, okay, 7:45! We just want to give another update again: we've some things are starting to come into focus a little more like I started off with earlier. It's it's very important to me to y'all to know that, first and foremost, that the start this healing process starts within and that this community it needs to love each other and pray for each other and pray for the victims and their families. That's most important is is to remember those people and to grab on to your loved ones. Tonight, I want to update you on what's happening right here at Medical Center of what we have going and I've got some updated numbers and I'll try to to go through those quickly but accurately, amend ago earlier, when I came out, I reported 14 here. That number is 13. One of the people we had was caught in the action. It was not related to this incident, so the number is 13. Okay, so I want to correct that that the number is 13 out of those 13. We have had two that have been treated and released. We have seven that are critical when I say critical. Most of those have been in surgery and are out of surgery, seven of those okay, those are critical to serious one deceased and we have one transferred a pediatric patient under the age of two years old that was transferred out of here. Okay, so I'll go over those one more time. Seventy critical to serious one deceased, one transferred under the age of two years old. Okay, a to the eight we've had eight people total in surgery and most of those are out and have gone very well. Let me just talk about our but blood supply. We're getting a lot of calls about blood supply. Our blood supply currently is good, we're, okay right now we appreciate all the calls and all the outpouring has been nationwide- we're getting calls all over the nation about what's going on and first and foremost, we want to say thank you for that, because that's really shows the support that every that that we have for each other. Our supplies are good. The blood is good. Let me just comment brief. On the on the families. I know there is a family gathering center. That's been set up here in Odessa and I've got I'll, get that in just a second but I'll get that out, but there is a family center that has been set up for people to to gather if they have any questions. Okay, y'all may know that already, but I just wanted to bring that out, but we're still on lockdown I, still think for the safety of our patients and victims and the victims, families that we need to stay on lockdown just to keep it under control. We hope to have that lifted before too long, but right now, I think it's in the best interest to keep it locked down where it is. Okay, our staff has been amazing, but that's not the point here. The point right now is that that these victims are being taken care of, and so we're just we're just trying to do right by them. Okay, let me introduce just a few people that will take just a few questions. Okay, this is Matt and he's our chief operations officer Matt's here this is dr. Bose, one of our trauma, doctors and I'm, going to turn it over to dr. Bose just for a second just to talk about gunshot victims and what things like that are and I'll. Let him speak to it in just a minute. We'll come back to me, then, to Matt for any follow-up questions. Okay I'll hand it over to dr. Bose was here for this second, so, first of all, our thoughts are with the families and when a situation like this happens, its actions that come together from preparation years in advance. So over the last several years, we've formed committees where we've coordinated the many elements that will be necessary here: police sheriff school departments, Odessa Fire & Rescue and the medical director, the emergency room and other parties that are involved here. When everyone arrived, it was well orchestrated. We received 13 patients and because of this preparation, you know we were able to call in our backups anesthesiologist operating room, staffs tax nurses. This was a great team effort for everybody. When the patients arrived after they arrived, we were able to do the initial stabilizing maneuvers on everyone, and the emphasis I would give here and I. Think a take-home point, especially for the national viewers, is I, encourage everyone in every community, no matter what size, if you're in the middle of the desert you're in an urban area to prepare in advance. Unfortunately, it may not be a matter of if it may be a matter of when and for us. This preparation really helped us today, I thought - with the family and another thing I'd mention is whenever there is something on the national scale like this, it starts as a local response. It starts right there at the community. It starts with knowing how to stop bleeding it and it starts with how to do BLS and chest compressions, and this is something that we as Americans can do and we're incurring encouraging this in the Midland Odessa community, and we really encourage this at Medical, Center Hospital and you guys out there wherever you're watching nationwide. You can make a huge difference for people, because when they arrive here, the response can stay local, because, if you've practiced this, you don't need to call in the state. You don't need to call the governor, you don't need to activate FEMA and national. You know resources, so we can do this. We can come together and I. Think our community here has shown how we can do that and I think our families are going to come together and we're going to become stronger from this. Thank you. Let's turn it over to Matt hi. My name is Matt Collins I was the incident commander for this incident. First of all, of course, our hearts and prayers go out to all of the victims and and their families and our hospital staff as well. This has been a very, very difficult situation. We really have three phases of operations inside the hospital. When this happens, we have an activation phase and then we have operational periods, we've just completed operational period, one and two, and at 7:00 at 7:30 we went into the final phase, which is a recovery phase, and that's where we start putting everything back together, getting back to normal operations and taking care of our staff and to continue to take care of those patients that have just gone through this horrific situation. So with that said, I'd be able be happy to answer any questions that I can, of course, we're not able to release names or any information regarding the victims. I am NOT certain, but they were life-flighted to Lubbock or Children's in Dallas. My understanding all I can tell you is we know that that person was involved in this incident and had a fatal gunshot wound. You know, honestly, it's not a time for us to think a lot. We've done a lot of preparation for this day and we work through these things in simulated situations several times a year, so everybody has a role that they fall into and everybody fell into that role in the hospital and all of the staff performed Admiral admirably, but ultimately we're here to serve those victims and the family. So it's not really about us today. We do. Of course you know this happens when all of the media is released and social media reports. People come to the hospital seeking reports on their loved ones. So we have a location inside the hospital where we congregated all of those families, and we had a senior nursing official work to reunify them and get as much information information as we could to each and every family member. It's my understanding that that room is down to just a couple of families now and that we've communicated with everybody that we can we're gonna keep the hospital into a lockdown situation until approximately 10:00 p.m. just for staff, comfort and safety, but the hospital is back to normal operations at this time it did make the difference. I can't tell you, because we are prepared, but I think if we were not, we may not have had the same rapid response to the situation and the great outcomes that we had I mean. We saved 12 people today we're using our own internal communication systems to make sure that we're adequately staffed for the unit for the evening, and yes, we are actually above normal staffing levels for this evening, going into the weekend in the hospital is back to normal operations. Right now, it's being reported to us that we're fully staffed, we activate, what's called call trees. Where managers start them, then they call one person after another after another, and we had the exact response that we would have ever hoped for in the situation, not only for nurses but for doctors and all of the other support staff and police officers security. Everybody that we need to manage an incident like this and for people who are watching at home. Right now, I know your blood supply's. You know, as our CEO said a few minutes ago, the community needs your prayers. The victims need your prayers. Families need your prayers. The hospital staff needs your prayers. We what we call cash emergency supplies so when there is a situation like this, where we consume lots of supplies, while giving the care were able to replenish them quickly enough to maintain operations, patience, there's eight are seven critical and two that are serious, so I'm I can't give you an update on their exact status, but they are receiving the appropriate care at the level of care they're there. First, I would emphasize that this is not about the doctor. It's not about us. It's about the family, but myself personally, I'm an Iraq war, veteran I, served 12 years in the military and served in the Second Battle of Fallujah and Baghdad, and this is something that unfortunately I'm very experienced at mass casualty situations, and this is what led us to form the preparation process with hundreds and hundreds of people that you are not seeing here that are very intricately involved in a situation like this. So as far as for the public out there, the message for them I think what they can do to help. You know we always say thoughts and prayers, that's great, but go out there, take a BLS class go out there learn about how to stop bleeding, go out there and practice safety. Don't text and drive, don't do things where you put yourself in others in danger, and this is something that we can do as a nation to help here. So typically, I can reliably comment on what's happening in the walls of the emergency room. So it'd be speculation about what is going on on the streets and what streets are closed and what weapons were used. I'm I, don't want to say the wrong information, so I don't want to say the wrong information. But from my understanding of the situation, the vast majority came to Medical Center Hospital. We are the highest level trauma center for over thirty thousand square miles in this region, so over thirty thousand square miles. So the majority came here. There were fuse that went to some outlying trauma centers as well, so who was an officer and who wasn't and who was where it would be speculation. On my end, our end, we were just trying to do the basic, stop bleeding resuscitate and use our well-trained Tech's nurses, staff, physicians, everyone to get the job done. These things don't just happen. You have to prepare so everything from who comes in to where family members go to how to keep ourselves safe, how to prevent wrong messages going out to the media, how to keep the calm and do this in a calm situation. This doesn't happen by accident. This takes years of preparation and I encourage every community to do this. This is not an urban community here, but this happened here, and this can happen anywhere across America and I. Think what I personally took from this is a team here in West Texas in the deserts of West Texas was maximally prepared at this trauma center to take care of everyone and I. Don't think this is beyond us. Anybody can do this. Please be prepared. I do that. The information on the family center is located at a set up at Ector, County, annex building on 1010 East, 8th, Street 1010, each East, 8th Street, and that's for the Family Center, the reunification center. There. Ok any other questions before we wrap this up, so we had our basic emergency department, crew and then, on top of that we have backup emergency department crew, but often you have to figure out the bottlenecks in your system, and this is this came from our preparation. The bottleneck may not be the emergency room, it may be the operating room, the anesthesiologist, so we prepared this in advance. Everybody was called in from extra nurses, extra tax extra- you know custodians, they may save more lives than anybody by preventing infection. So this is a team effort and we were prepared for this, and the whole team was called in just the last thing: we're gonna we're going to say a lockdown until 10 o'clock at 10 o'clock, we'll reassess the situation, make sure we're safe, I, don't plan on having another one of these unless something drastically changes. Okay, but if we do we'll get the notification out to everybody, but thank y'all for for being here and- and one final word just to everybody. Listening to our voice today and tonight is when you, when you go when you go to bed tonight with your families, you need to grab them hold on time because nobody's guaranteed the next the next day and grab onto your families and love them and pray for our staff. Our doctors in these victims and these victims, families and hold on to your loved ones. Tonight and all we can say is God bless, Texas god bless Odessa and Medical, Center, United, States and and and love on your family tonight and thank y'all very much. That's all thank y'all. Thank you. Everybody.