Well, what a horrific day for Odessa actor, County Building Midland County! Let's start at the beginning situation, started about 3:17 this afternoon, when a DPS trooper attempted to stop a gold Honda. When the DPS troopers got the car stopped, he was then shot by the occupant of the car. The vehicle will continued westbound into the city of Odessa and shot an individual at I 20 in our West. Excuse me Mary easily. Apparently the subject then drove on our east loop to 42nd Street, where there are multiple scenes and multiple victims at some point, the subject stole a mail truck ditched his car and there were other victims after that. The victims in went eastbound back on 42nd towards synergy, which is a local movie theater, and at that point was contacted by law enforcement. The officers from the old, that's the police department, the Midland Police Department, the Texas Department of Public Safety and then I'm sure others again. This is a very fluid changing situation. So please understand what I'm telling you is is not written in stone these these facts, these this knowledge can change. Okay. At that point, this subject was contacted by law enforcement and he an exchange of gunfire happened and that subjected deceased at that location. We have law enforcement injured. We have the DPS trooper in Midland County. We have one MPD officer and one OPD officer. They were struck as far as civilian casualties. We have at least 21 victims, 21 shooting victims at least five deceased. At this point, I'll please understand that this is not just a NOPD and in Midland Police Department and the DPS thing both Sheriff's Office Midland, County, Sheriff's, Office and Edgar County Sheriff's Office was involved in the hunt for this guy. Our local school district, Police Department, our University of the Texas of the Permian Basin school. Excuse me, police department was involved. This was a joint effort by just a multitude of departments to find this animal and bring him to justice. At this point, I'll take questions right now. I'll tell you that he is a white male in his mid 30s I. Don't have a positive identification on him. Yet I have an idea who he is so I won't release that information until we're absolutely positive. We have we've had calls, which is to be expected, because obviously our citizens are a little jumpy after this, which is also to be expected. But at once this individual was taken out of the picture. There have been no more victims. There have been reports that that's possible, but again there have been new, no confirmations of that I can't I can't tell you that right now and in you know, the big thing is it's so chaotic still at the local hospitals that it's very difficult to get that information. Well again, once we are able to compile a list of victims names, we can absolutely put that out. The hospital has set up area for patients, families, Medical, Center hospital has another area for patients daily in the cafeteria and maybe chocolates on set. So we got reports of two vehicles earlier today. Wait I guess, is that not confirmed I think what the issue with that was that you had the the original vehicle and then you had the mail truck at one point. We didn't know that that was the same person, but that is confirmed now same person. Anything else. Obviously it was a gun at this point, I'm really not sure. Again. If they'd started with this traffic, stop the attempted traffic stop by GPS, you know, I would I would tell people to still be cautious still trying to stay in their residences if at all possible. We do believe that we have the threat contained, but I can't be 1000% positive. If that's the case at this point, no, no absolutely I can't tell you of a motive at this point. I do not at this point. I don't know. I would assume that he's part of the victim list, but I'm not sure of his status, not to mine out. Thank you guys. I'm gonna go back to work and we'll we will update you periodically. Okay, this is police Turkey in Turkey. If ger ke is Gerke, yes, John Alvarez, testing, 1, 2, 3, mmm, sorry, chief John, al Burris, Jo HN, al var, easy fire chief will justify risky. Well, so far, we've got 21 victims that were transported to either medical center or or MC. We've also had some that were transported to Midland Memorial Hospital, so that that's the count at this point, as our our Pia public information officer, said that once we get that information once we get the list, then we'll be able to put that information out to the public to be able to reach out to the loved ones somewhere. Yes, for the most part that we're going to shot victims on portage, unfortunately, we did have the count. Right now has five deceased according to the the reports that I have received. So that's what we have at this point- that is my understanding. I mean I'm, not not law enforcement, but that's that's the understanding that I have is that it did move from Midland Odessa and unfortunately we did have some casualties here. Well, it's too early to say right now at this point, but I can tell you that right now is just you know, just shelter in place right now, I'm sure the the police department has sent out that message to the community to make sure that everybody's aware of- what's going on at this point, that that count- we're just trying to figure that out at this point, but I can tell you that we've notified Medical, Center Hospital, we've also notified, or that's a Regional Medical Center and middle of Memorial Hospital. So we've also notify our outlying communities, such as Andrews crane for any assistance. We do have Midland Fire Department here that is Assistant they've had got several units that are assistant that are provided to us to assist, assist us with any any thing that comes up at this point. Where is it that all 21 people were shot with a shot at this energy ma'am I do not know. I do not know that as I'm, not law enforcement, but all I can tell you is that we've had several casualties that we transported. We have several of our units. We to the point to where we had a call for men. The fire department to assist us with some of our EMS runs out here.