Hello, I'm resetti Stevenson, and this is the West block, politics, perspectives and players to campaign planes, dual citizenship, plus discussions about racism, homophobia and abortion lots to break down as we head into the federal election on October 21st joining me now to discuss it all. Is our strategy panel Fred de Laurie for the Conservatives and McGrath for the NDP and Richard Mahoney for the Liberals Richard these two stories at the end of the day, people look at them and they go. You know it's a bit silly to campaign planes, dual citizenship, we're trying to choose who's gonna run the country, and this is what we're supposed to pick from they're, both driven, as we said, by campaign War Rooms. Why do more rooms do this? Why do they think this kind of politics is effective wars? Do this because they're trying to throw the other guys off their game, they are trying to disrupt whatever the message that the Conservatives are trying to get on on a broader set of issues to the electorate. The Liberals will try and say you know, let's see if we can't mess up their day, they're trying to tell a story about who these people are, and maybe in these kind of sometimes irrelevant things to planes whatever duels. Those are small that you're telling a wider story of that. So, for example, the Liberals on the dual citizenship I, don't think any Canadians think that it's wrong to have dual citizenship, but Mr Shearer himself criticized other leaders. Mr. Mulcair mr. deal the former Governor General for having that, and so it's it's it they're trying to tell the story, not that he's it's a bad thing that he's a dual citizen. But rather is he something that he doesn't other than what he pretends to be? Is he? Is he not as advertised as that? As the thing goes? Is that the story so, but it sometimes, as you say, falls flat because I think Oh? What are the big issues that doesn't matter to me whether the guy's got two planes or one plane or a half a plane? It's a bit of the same thing with the Conservatives in the planes. Okay, there's a second plane that seems hypocritical when you have party that saying we're all about the environment and they are doubling their carbon emissions as they go across the country, but while they also bought the carbon offsets, obviously campaigns think this is effective, and yet we haven't seen anything moving in the polls. Why not focus on your opponent's weaknesses when it comes to policy instead of this kind of mudslinging? Well, we certainly do we put a lot effort into the policies that were pushing out mr. shears announcements every day is making a ruffy's making an announcement, but the other day it's on all of us to to focus on that, but we get caught up into this. Well, the war rooms are driving it by releasing, of course, they're pushing it. The same time like you know, mr. mr. Trudeau is talking about the environment, he's a supposed champion of the environment. He attended a protest on it, but his record shows it. You know he doesn't have a plan on the environment does no way to reach his targets and now he's actually flying around with two planes. It exposes the hypocrisy. So it's important at the same time. Why we're pushing our message? It's also showed the contrast and what the other side is actually doing, and what they're actually trying to do so and it is mudslinging, but it does expose hypocrisy on both sides. You look at this story as an NDP er, which one the plane or the dual citizenship do, you think, is more damaging. I. Think they're, both damaging and I, think that to get to the issue of like the mudslinging and how the war rooms are operating and that kind of thing I think that in an era of increasingly leader, centered campaigns, people care about the character of the leader, and so this speaks to character it, whether it's hypocrisy or even this idea of a double standard right that you know, even in both of these stories, I, would venture that many Canadians do don't even know what a carbon offset is it's inside lingo, it's you know it's kind of meaningless I would bet many Canadians would never even think of having dual citizenship. It's not. These are not that you know they're you're kind of appealing to a group of voters who don't have your experience in life and who see you as increasingly elite and out of touch and I think as an NDP R. That's what I look at when I see this I see the elitism being out of touch not being focused on the issues that matter to Canadians, so I would prefer and I hear from voters as well, whether it's in focus groups or at the doorsteps or whatever, and for me I, would have preferred if the big story this week had been about how we step up and meet our obligations to First Nations children instead of having you know the Trudeau government, basically deciding that they're going to challenge a court ruling that found them in violation of the the rights of indigenous children and when it comes to the dual citizenship. Do you think that people really question somebody's loyalty if they hold dual citizenship? Is this a real issue for somebody who wants to run the country? I, don't think it's a big issue for a lot of people. I think that the issue of hypocrisy and double standards is really more. What this is all about, I think that most Canadians wouldn't have a problem with this, however, and and one of the things that I've thought when I've looked at this also is how much did his staff know about this? So, with a piece of the you know, the Conservatives went after mr. Mulcair for having dual citizenship, French and Canadian, and it was quite a quite a big deal, but we all knew that he had French citizenship. We had talked about how to deal with it and it was you know we were prepared. It looked to me like they were. The people around Mr Shearer may have been taken off-guard by this and that thoughts back to, for instance, the blackface brownface thing, where I wondered why, in the vetting process and in the preparation process, it looked like his staff also were taken off-guard by this Fred. The question for me when he said he made the steps to renounce his citizenship in August. Was why didn't he do this when he first became the leader of the Conservative Party, when the Conservatives had the history of attacking other people for the same thing right? Look, he did make the decision to renounce it. I think the the leader, any leader, that's running, to be Prime. Minister should have citizenship in just one country, not being Canada I. Think it's important symbolic thing for us to have, so he did take the steps to renounce it before the campaign began and he won't he's no longer a US citizen once the paperwork is approved and he's been very forthcoming with that once he started the you know going down that road to do this and Richard speaking of the Apocrypha. When we talk about the two planes, why would the Liberals not have just revealed this at the beginning? You have to think when you're flying to campaigns, you know the other war room is watching planes. Potentially this could come out and if you're out there saying publicly we're all about the environment and reducing carbon emissions and a carbon tax, but we're flying two planes that could be a problem for you well I think from their perspective. They did this last time. This wasn't live that they didn't sort of think it was a secret number. One number two: the attack on the two planes is the sort of same thing that a lot of right-wing Trump's have been doing for years. They used to go out al gore because he had a big house all that sort of stuff. The thing that I think is strange to me is I mean you can. Mr. Trudeau is running a pretty good campaign. There are great visuals there's a reason for that, because they've done all these things, they've done all this homework. The the thing that's important to me is the concerns. Aren't even trying to make climate changes issue in the campaign. Mr Shearer didn't show up in any of the climate protests. He basically has a plan that says they do nothing, and even his attack on this thing shows they. Don't want they want Canadians to think this is someone who won't even doesn't give a crap about about about climate change. One of the other big issues in the campaign has been abortion that people have talked about for the first time this week, Brad we heard Andrew Scheer come out and say he personally does not agree with abortion, but he doesn't change the law. Why didn't he just come out and say this earlier, because a lot of people were willing to say perhaps you can have a different opinion personally than you do policy wise publicly, but it took him until this point in the campaign and it's been damaging well, Mr, Shearer I think we've all known that he's pro-life, that's always been his position and he's also been very clear. That's all conservative and liberal governance and they were not touching this. That's not an issue were touching mr. Trudeau said he was pro-life a number of years ago as well, but no government is opening this issue tomorrow. It's the first English leaders debate. It's a lot of people on this stage and a lot of moderators and some people are wondering. How do you break through all of that and come out on top and what's the strategy for the parties going in to make their points and make their leaders stand out? I think that what's important for the leaders is, they have to be calm. They have to be present, they have to be well-rested, they have to know the files I have to know the particulars that they need to make in order to differentiate themselves from the other leaders. So for a leader like Joe can eat sing what's important. There is that that we don't allow the Liberals and the Conservatives Mr Shearer and mr. Trudeau to try and turn this into a two-person race and to acknowledge that there is. There are other options: yeah Fred in the Quebec debate, Mr Shearer seemed to be surrounded. He was taking it on all sides. What's the conservative strategy heading into this debate? There's no question. He was the target and I'm sure he'll get the target again Monday. His message is going to be to Canadians about how his platform is to make life more affordable and the other leaders. I I, think understand that that message is resonating and they need to go after him. Our geometric conservatives have made a habit of underestimate mr. Trudeau and his abilities. The one thing I would say, is a pickup on and said these debates don't usually have a knockout punch, one debate on a campaign that several years ago, I remember all the pundits said at the end of the debate. Well, she clearly won the debate. This is you know on points and so forth and then, literally in the aftermath, half the debate when people had tuned in we saw hunks of our support fall off. It's because people decided essentially would and said they didn't like what they were saying. They found it too harsh I thought she interrupted too much. They thought the you know the whole package of what they saw. They distance it in like. Was it a knockout punch? No, was it the turning point in the election campaign? Absolutely- and this may be the turning point in what has been a largely deadlocked election campaign, but that's all the time we have for today, so I'm going to wrap it up and we'll see all of you next week, we'll see if we're still in the same position. That's all the time we have for today, thanks for joining us for the West block, I'm Mercedes Stevenson.