Let's be clear: soleimani general Soleimani was the architect of behind the slaughter of countless lives in the region. The deaths of US troops are on his hands and no American mourns his passing. He deserves to be brought to justice. He deserved to be brought to justice for his crimes, but no matter how rightly reviled he was in the West. He was a senior figure of the Iranian government and there's no doubt that Iran will in fact respond other than telling Americans to get out. What is the administration's plan to protect them? How are we showing up our embassy and preparing for evacuations? What is our plan if Iraq, who has been our partner in a counter isis campaign, demands that we leave now the administration has said the goal of killing Soleimani was to deter future attacks by Iran, but the action almost certainly will have the opposite impact. This morning we could be on the brink of a new kind of major conflict in the Middle East and we'll likely see Iran ramping up its nuclear enrichment in the coming days, putting an extremely dangerous problem that our administration had solved and put on the back burner back on the table. I hope the administration I pray. The administration has thought through the second and third-order consequences of what they have chosen. American lives and global stability are at risk I'm a member of the gang of eight, which is typically briefed in advance of operations of this level of significance. We were not the lack of advanced consultation and transparency with Congress was put in the Constitution or the rather, the need for advance. Consultation and transparency with Congress was put in the Constitution for a reason, because the lack of advance consultation and transparency with Congress can lead to hasty and ill-considered decisions when the security of the nation is at stake. Decisions must not be made in a vacuum. The framers of the Constitution gave war powers to the legislature and made the executive the commander, in chief for the precise reason of forcing the two branches of government to consult with one another when it came to matters of war and a peace. This is a dangerous escalation that brings us closer to another disastrous war in the Middle East, when I voted against the war in Iraq in 2002 I, feared that it would result in greater destabilization in that country and in the entire region. At that time, I warned about the deadly so-called on the intended consequences of a unilateral invasion. Today, 17 years later, that fear has unfortunately turned out to be a truth. The wise cost would have been to stick with that nuclear agreement enforce its provisions and use that diplomatic channel with Iran to address a wide range of concerns, including their support of terrorism. Unfortunately, Trump ignored the advice of his own security officials, ignored the advice of his own security officials and listened to right-wing extremists, some of whom were exactly the same people who got us into the war in Iraq. In the first place, Trump promised to end endless wars. Tragically, his actions now put us on the path to another war, potentially one that could be even worse than before. Sulemani was a guy, but they did not decide to take on an action that will be as provocative as this, especially in the third country like Iraq I, want to see whether they've thought to the consequences for what, if any American influence and presence will be left in Iraq, or whether we just empowered the Iranian regime to consolidate their grip. This is one of the most provocative things short of an outright invasion that the US could do with respect to Iran, and it's one thing to prevent an attack. It's another to launch a chain reaction as may have just happened. This is not a game. I know how many people, especially military families, friends that I serve with, are gonna wonder what this means for them. The consequences could not be more real and I have profound concerns about the prospect for a serious escalation of this conflict with Iran. I have yet to be fully satisfied that the administration either has a strategy that this is not simply a one-off act of retaliation or preemptive strike that this is part of some broader coherent plan, and that greatly concerns me. If the ministration has a broader strategy, they have yet to articulate it. I have yet to explain to the Congress why that strategy lacks the support of our own allies and how this is somehow going to make us safer. We have to fully expect there will be Iranian, retaliation and and I think we and the Iranians need to figure out steps that can be taken to divert us from this path of increasing act and retaliation and retaliation and increasing prospect of war. My first reaction to that was this was a really bad guy. He has ordered the killing of many many people, many innocents he has done this Americans have died. He has done this bad bad guy, the Iranian guy bad guy, but at the same time, when you think about what this President did, it is not clear to me and I have a lot of questions and concerns about. Did he think about the repercussions of what this is going to mean just like? Did he think about the repercussions when he got out of the Iranian agreement that nuclear agreement and everything that we have seen since, which I think was actually quite predictable, but the other thing as we seek answers and I'm going to demand a briefing on this from the White House? But as we seek answers on this, we have to remember one thing: he never consulted with the leaders of Congress. He never consulted with Speaker Pelosi. When that major decision to take that guy down, you know who he said he talked to Lindsey Graham said he was at the golf club with Donald Trump on a both trip and that's the way. That's the way. I guess you get briefed on things with this president to me things and rules matter and how you make decisions matter.