Today, on behalf of the government of Alberta I, join in expressing our most profound condolences to the to all of those whose lives were lost to their family members and their loved ones and in particular to the University of Alberta community and the Alberta Persian community. It's a small but dynamic and well-educated, highly successful community, many of whom came to Canada to do Advanced Studies and have succeeded in our professions. I've had the privilege of attending a number of functions with the her Iranian Heritage Society of Edmonton. Earlier today, I placed a phone call to its current president, Araiza Alka Bari, to express the condolences of the government of Alberta I've, also called dr. David Turpin at the University of Alberta I've, reached out to federal Foreign Affairs Minister Shaun pang we're hoping to set up a call later today, so that I can express the support of the government of Alberta for efforts by Canada to get to the bottom of the disaster in Tehran. Earlier today. Obviously, we are very hopeful that the Iranian authorities will cooperate with Canada, Ukraine and international authorities to have a full and independent inquiry into the causes of the crash of the United of the Ukrainian International Airlines flight. Seven, five: two. It is essential that we have full cooperation and transparency to know what the causes were. Once again, let me say a special word of solidarity for members of the Canadian Persian community here in Alberta. This is a small community numbering at most a few thousand people. It is close-knit and this is a devastating day- I'm sure that virtually every member of the Alberta Persian community and has it was close to or knew somebody affected by the flight crash. Today. This it's been any consideration because I have been considering that, and certainly we would reach out to the family. There's families of the loved ones to see if they, if there would be a desire for to work with the government of Alberta for a larger public memorial. We have instructed that all government of Alberta buildings lower their flags to half mass during this period of mourning and I've indicated to mr. al kobbari of the Iranian heritage society that mminton that we are willing to support the community in any way that we practically can as they come to terms with this other as they mourn this and to provide support to the families. I have been considering that, and certainly we would reach out to the family of the families of the loved ones to see if they, if there would be a desire for to work with the government of Alberta for a larger public memorial. We have instructed that all government of Alberta buildings lower their flags to half mast during this period of mourning and I've indicated to mr. al kobbari of the Iranian Heritage Society of Edmonton that we are willing to support the community in any way that we practically can, as they come to terms with this oath as they mourn this and to provide support to the families. But in eternity to that that we'll be able to get the answers that we need from the state of diplomatic. It's happening right now right. Well, obviously, it's a very tense situation there, and we all know that this happened in the context of military hostilities and so regret. You know to be opted to state the obvious. The the Iranian regime is not known for transparency, and it is in the midst of a regional conflict. I hope that they will not withstanding those facts before coming, particularly mindful of the number of foreign nationals, particularly Canadians, who reward the flight so I, I trust the Government of Canada will make very strong representations to to Iran about the year. The importance of transparency in the post crash investigation.