States well, thank you very much. Everybody please sit down very important day and we're gathered this morning at the White House to honor our solemn duty to America's best, bravest and finest who I know so well. In a few moments, I will sign a bar bipartisan bill to fully reauthorize the nine elective 11 Victims Compensation Fund, so the 9/11 Victims Compensation Fund is something you've all worked on very hard and the day has come today. We come together as one nation to support our September 11th Heroes to care for their families and to renew our eternal vow, never ever forget before I go further. This morning we express our deepest sadness and sorrow for the families who lost a precious loved one and the horrific shooting last night in Gilroy California, while families were spending time together at a local festival, a wicked murderer opened fire and killed three innocent citizens, including a young child. We grieve for their families that we ask that God will comfort them with his overflowing mercy and grace we're praying for those who are recovering right now in the hospital, some very, very serious injuries. We thank the brave members of law enforcement. They never let us down who swiftly killed the shooter. We reaffirm our national will to answer violence with the courage, determination or resolve of one American family. We will continue to work together as communities and as citizens to stop evil, prevent violence and protect the safety of all Americans. We're joined for today's ceremony by our wonderful vice president Mike Pence. Thank you Mike very much. Thank you. Along with many distinguished guests, I want to begin by recognizing a leader. Many of you know very well on September 11th. He declared the city of New York and the United States of America is much stronger than any group of barbaric terrorists or strengthen our willingness to defend ourselves will ultimately prevail and he was right. A great mayor of the city of New York, our greatest mayor, in my opinion. Now what do I know? Rudy Giuliani stand up, Rudy great job, Rudy great job Rudy's got a lot of guts thanks also to Deputy Attorney General Jeffrey Rosen for being here. Thank you Jeff. Thank you very much. Along with senator Deb Fischer and representatives, Michael Burgess, Chris, Collins, Brian, Fitzpatrick, Peter, King, John, Joyce, mark meadows and Dan Musa, please stand up fellas. Thank you. Thank you. Peter. In the wake of the September 11th attacks, courageous Americans raced into smoke, fire and debris in lower Manhattan, the Pentagon and a field in Shanksville Pennsylvania. The whole world witnessed the might and resilience of our nation in the extraordinary men and women of the New York Fire Department, and the New York Police Department, selfless Patriots of unmatched character and devotion. I grew up with them, so I can tell you. That's absolutely true. So he's nice to really know your subject. I know that subject. These are great people. We also commemorate the heroes of the Port Authority police and I want to thank you all for being here. Tremendous people. The first responders from across the country rushed to New York and worked endless days and sleepless nights. They fought to rescue every person trapped in the rubble and searched for months to find the remains of the fallen. The love and loyalty of our 911 responders knew no bounds. Today we are deeply honored to be in the presence of more than 60 of these exceptional heroes. They answered Tara with the emotional strength of true American Warriors. What every 911 responder please stand up, please all you first responders, Wow! Okay, thank you! Thank you! Calais great-looking group of people. You are great-looking group of people. Thank you very much. You inspire all of humanity, and you know that we're all so greatly moved to have with us families of our fallen heroes. Our nation owes each of you a profound debt that no words or deeds will ever repay, but we can, and we will keep our nation's promise to you in a few moments. I will sign the 9/11 Victims Compensation front. This law makes permanent the financial support for families who lost precious loved ones as a result of September 11th attacks. It also provides pensions for those who are suffering from cancer and other illnesses stemming from the toxic debris they were exposed to in the aftermath of the attacks. Many of those affected were firefighters, police officers and other first responders and I was down there. Also, but I'm, not considering myself. A first responder but I was down there. I spent a lot of time down there with you. Since September 11th, we have lost more than 2,000, first responders and survivors to 911 related cancers and illnesses. Currently, thousands of men and women are battling cancer and other illnesses due to 9/11. We pledged to stand by the families of those affected today and every day we will stand with you. I want to thank lawmakers in both parties for working with common purpose to pass this vital and critical legislation here with us. For this signing ceremony are the three families whose loved ones are memorialized. In the title of this bill, New York Police Department, detective James Zadroga spent more than 450 hours serving at Ground Zero in 2006 James died from a lung disease to his father Joseph and his daughter, Tyler Ann, who join us detectives, ed, rogas heroism. Will uplift, our nation forever won't be forgotten. We will always remember what he did for us. Please stand up. Please also present. Today is the family of East Meadow volunteer, firefighter ray Pfeifer I, know East Meadow very well great place great people for eight months, ray worked constantly at Ground Zero in 2017 at the age of 59. He died from cancer here with us today. His Ray's wife Karen, his daughter Taylor, and his son Terrence. Now a New York City firefighter please stand up. Thank you and I know ray must be watching over you looking down right now from heaven on this beautiful rose garden. Very, very proud of you. Thank you. Thank you very much. The third namesake of the bill is New York, City, detective Luis Alvarez. Last month, his powerful testimony in Congress touched the heart of our nation. A few days later he passed from this life into eternity. We are privileged to have with us detective Alvarez, his brother Phillip and his wife Aileen, and his sons, Tyler and Ben. Please stand please! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I want each of you to know that America is holding you in the arms of its wonderful, wonderful heart and we're all grieving by your side. Our whole nation prays and pays tribute to the incredible life and legacy of detective Alvarez, how hard he worked and how much he suffered, and we really want to thank him. He was really something people understood it very. Well, it's really great. Thank you. We have an obligation and it's a sacred obligation to the families and first responders of 9/11 here with us. Today is Chief John Joyce, former fire chief of the midtown Manhattan firehouse, when September 11th 15 of his men raced into the ashes of hell and gave their lives to this day. Chief joy still mentors many of their 28 children. Chief Joyce spent seven months working at Ground Zero in 2011. He was diagnosed with cancer. He has also endured other severe 9/11 related Ellis's, but the chief is a fighter. He is definitely a fighter, as he says, because of this bill. He does not have to fear for the families of his firehouse, whose loved ones made the ultimate sacrifice. Chief Joyce, you have our everlasting gratitude. Please chief! Thank you, Thank You chief, thank you for being me and say hello to everybody to every 911 hero. You poured out your heart, your sweat, your soul and everything you had for your country. You ran toward the wreckage into a ball of flames. Like frankly, nobody in this country had ever seen you searched for survivors. You went back day after day and night after night to save lives and return the Fallen to their families, to rebuild and recover, and to show the entire world that nothing will ever break America's spirit. Over the last two decades, you have endured hardship with Amazing Grace, an incredible grit through it all you care and you work and you love, and you will always remember all of those great families. You lift up our communities and you remind us all what it means to stand united as one nation under God for your entire lives. You have gone far beyond your duty to us and today we strive to fulfill our sacred duty to you. We love you, we honor you and we thank you. God bless you all. Thank you now I'm going to sign this bill into law and I, don't know if this stage will hold it, but if it doesn't we're not falling very far but I'd like to ask the families and I'd also like to ask the first responders to come up and we'll we'll give we'll give this stage a shot. Let's see how well built made in America, let's see how well built it is okay, come on up you.