Oh Jesus, thank you very much. It's my great honor to have the very popular and, by the way, great athlete one of the greatest but very popular prime minister of Pakistan. We have many things to discuss military and terrorism, and trade and I think we're going to spend a lot of time talking about trade, because we do very little trade with Pakistan compared to what we could be doing and should be doing what I've got to really get along perfectly and I think we're having that start. We're going to have that start, but there's tremendous upside with respect to trade. One of the things we're going to be discussing to is hostages, perhaps the polio vaccine, because Pakistan is one of the countries and we'll talk about that has to you know what your building is on that. But we have a situation in Pakistan where we want to talk about the polio or the possible polio vaccine and I think we can have great meetings we're going to be spending a long time together. We have our representatives meeting right after we're finished and we just came out mr. prime minister with tremendous economic numbers for the United States, the best we've ever had. We got the best economy, we've ever had and I think we can ship some of that over to Pakistan. We should be doing tremendous business together, so I mean first to the US, was keep going for hours. I will say that we have a very good relationship with India. I know that your relationship is strained a little bit, maybe a lot, but we will be talking about India there. A big part of our conversation today and I think maybe if we can help intercede and whatever we have to do but I think it's something that can be brought back together and we'll also be talking about. Afghanistan we've reduced that number of troops there. By quite a bit. We are continuing to reduce troops in Afghanistan, while working with Pakistan and others on getting an agreement signed, as you know, and we'll see what happens, but we will be talking about in and Afghanistan very much I know about Huawei I know all about 5g and they were working on it and we have companies that are now getting very, very strong in that department. We're gonna have 5g we're gonna have the best 5g in the world. Just like. We have everything else. Our silicon silicon valley cannot be competed with there's nobody that can compete with Silicon Valley for the brain power or for what we do and nobody was focused on 5g, but now they are now. We have great companies going into 5g, even if they don't want it to have. A lot of them were very happy doing what they were doing, but now they're going at my request they going into 5g, so we don't need. We don't need anything from our relationship with North Korea's been very good. We've really established a good relationship with kim jongwan I have personally there's no rocket testing. There's no missile testing we're getting our remains back. We got our hostages back and we have a very, very good relationship, the two of us and that's very important, and what they're doing will be to the point. Well, I think we're gonna have a great evening today. I know it's an important meeting. I. Consider this a very important meeting, because I think we haven't you and million people. I have plans on Afghanistan that if I wanted to win that war, Afghanistan would be wiped off the face of the earth. It would be gone. It would be over in literally in ten days and I. Don't want to do that. I! Don't want to go that route, so we're working with Pakistan and others to extricate ourselves. Nor do we want to be policemen, because, basically, what policemen right now and we're not supposed to be policemen- we've been there. We've been there for 19 years in Afghanistan. It's ridiculous and I. Think Pakistan helps us with that, because we don't want to stay as policemen, but if we wanted to, we could win that well. I have a plan that would win that war. In a very short period of time you understand that better than anybody we've been in they're not fighting to win just fighting - they're building gas stations, they're rebuilding schools, the United States- we shouldn't be doing that. That's for them to do, but what we did and what our leadership got us into is ridiculous, but we will I think we'll have some very good answers on Afghanistan, very quick we are going to. We were saying 1.3 billion to Pakistan as a working up for many years. The problem was Pakistan. This is before you, Pakistan was not doing anything for us. They were really I, think subversive. They were going against us, and this is something will be tie ended that about a year and a half ago, the 1.3 billion dollars and I tell you what to be honest, I think we have a better relationship with Pakistan right now than we did when we were paying that money, but all of that can come back depending on what would work out we're working out things that are very important. We have avert this I. Consider this very important, we're working out things that are very, very important and I. Think at the end of this. At the end of a very short time, we're gonna have a very great relationship with Pakistan and we should it's a great country. It's a great they're, great people. I have many friends from Pakistan living in New. York I have a lot of Pakistani friends. I will tell you that and they're great people, smart tough. They are tough. There's no question about that. No I'm not gonna, be watching. Probably maybe I'll see a little bit of it. I'm not gonna, be what watching Muller, because you suddenly gets this position, but you know what he's still ruled and I respect him for it. He still ruled no coloration, no obstruction, and this thing should have ended a long time ago. This has been going on for two and a half years and we're never going to allow this to happen to another president again, because most stuff would be able to take it on top of everything else. We have the strongest economy. We were just discussing this with the prime minister. We have the strongest economy that the United States has ever had. We have the highest stock market. Yesterday, literally the highest stock market we've ever had on Friday Thursday, we've broken the record, I think 109 times our highest stock market, but on I believe Thursday of last week we hit the all-time highest in the history of our country. Our country is doing phenomenally well, unemployment is the lowest in 51 years soon to be the lowest in history. If it keeps going this way in a short period of time, black Hispanic Asian unemployment, the lowest and history, women, the lowest in 72 years, nobody has ever done what we've done nobody's done in two-and-a-half years. What we've done, the biggest tax cuts in history, the biggest regulation cuts in history. So many things for health care. We got rid of the individual mandate, which was the worst part of Obamacare when it could end up. If we end up winning the house back, we keep the presidency, we should keep the Senate. We should keep the presidency. I would think easy when you have the strongest economy in the history of our country and somebody's going to run against that particular president, even though, in this case it's me in theory, I have so a lot of great things are happening, but the Democrats they don't want to talk about that. They want to stay off the economy subject and what they're doing is just hearing after hearing after hearing it's nonsense. Okay, they tried an impeachment vote and they got slaughtered last week they got absolutely slaughtered. It was the most ridiculous idea. We know they were going to do it and I'll tell you just in finishing, I have a lot of respect for the Democrats, because most most of them voted against impeachment last week and I have a lot of respect for those Democrats. That did that, because they're doing the right thing for the country, no collusion, no obstruction. Okay, yeah we're talking about it. Secretary minuchin is talking about it, we're having very good talks with the Speaker of the House, with Nancy Pelosi we're having very good talks with Chuck Schumer and, of course, with Mitch, McConnell and Kevin. We are Kevin McCarthy. We are I, think doing very well on debt. If you look at that limit, however, you want to define that, but we're doing very well on that and I think we're doing pretty well on a budget very important that we take care of our military. Our military was depleted and, in the last two-and-a-half years that we've under pleaded it okay, to put it mildly, we have made it stronger than ever before. We need another big year, so we had 700 billion. We had then 716 billion, and this year we're going to be asking for a number slightly larger than that we're putting our military back into a shape that it's never been in before new the best missiles in the world, the best equipment in the world, the best military equipment of what we're building submarines, the finest nobody could even think about competing with what we're building we're building. As you know, new submarines, we have a new aircraft carrier coming online, so larger ship in the world. It's so large that maybe I could even learn to plan top of it. Okay, then it's a big. It's a big one: President Gerald Ford, it's a phenomenal, it's a phenomenal ship. So what we're doing? What we're doing is incredible things for our country and I might I might say this about the military equipment. It's all made in the USA everything 100% it's all made in the USA, and you know it's one of the reasons our job numbers probably is so good, lowest unemployment, yeah son is a great country, so he will be definitely extending your limitation, so Pakistan well, I can't say that yeah, because so far he has not extended after today's meeting. Maybe you won't, but I have a feeling he might guess, I'd love to go to yeah yeah. We have already withdrawn quite a few and we're doing it very slowly very safely and we're working with Pakistan and with, as you know, we're negotiated with the Taliban, and we are doing I think very well in that regard. Again, it's something that we could do. We could go one of two ways we could do a number, the likes of which they've never seen before and win it very quickly. I don't want to do that. That's because you're talking about millions of people and I don't want to do that and we're working with Pakistan and getting a solution and I think I. Think it's being worked very well. We've done what we were supposed to do: we've been there for 19 years, and we've acted as policemen, not soldiers and again. If we wanted to be soldiers, it would be over in ten days, one week to ten days. If we wanted to, but I have not chosen that wife. Why are we? Why would we kill millions of people? It wouldn't be fair in terms of humanity, it wouldn't be fair, so very well and I. Think if you go all-out military there will be millions and billions of people who died. So there is only one solution and I feel it's the closest. We came to a peace to you and we hope that in the coming days we will be able to purge this. All about you speak for the upon someone had come to a step above what the Prime Minister did. What the Prime Minister just said is a very big story, and it's 100% true, where we've made a lot of progress over the last couple of weeks and Pakistan has helped us with that progress. But a lot of great things are happening. A lot of things are happening for the United, States and I. Think a lot of great things is gonna be happening for Pakistan - under your leadership. Thank you, I think Iran doesn't know where they are I've been watching and reading a lot of reports and right now they're a very mixed up country. They don't know whether they're coming or going. They have tremendous problems economically, their country's in turmoil they're, having demonstrations all over Iran their inflation rates at 75%. They have a lot of problems, so whatever it is, it is I'm. Just gonna sit back and wait. Let's see what happens, but I will say they are doing. They are doing very poorly. As a country and we'll see what happens, we did actually because they said no- and you know it's a religious country or religious leaders, but they lie a lot we did shoot down. Unfortunately, we had to shoot down a drone. The drone came down. You know how it would how it came down with a new technology. That's actually quite amazing, but we took down one of their drones instead of saying yeah that happened, they'd lie, they say it didn't happen. So we have there's a lot of proof. It's called take a look at it in the ocean floor, just go down there and take your scuba gear and go down there in the open. What do you would do that I know, but we took down a drone I. Think, very importantly, I read a report today about CIA. That's totally a false story. That's another lie. They put out propaganda, they put out lies I, don't think Pakistan would ever do anything like that. Pakistan never lies, but Iran does. Unfortunately. So, let's see what happens with Iran, we are ready for the absolute worst and we're ready for sense too. So we are very geared up and if they they are, they are really the number one state of terror in the world now I have to say they pull back because they their money is running very low. The deal the President Obama made was a disaster because it was such a short term, it didn't cover ballistic missiles and they couldn't see the important sites under this. You couldn't inspect the important site, so many things wrong and, of course, they gave 150 billion dollars, plus 1.8 billion in green, green, beautiful care. That's called many play modes appears I. Think Pakistan would like to have some of those things, but they gave one point: eight billion dollars in cash, which is unthinkable and instead of being respectful and thankful, which brightly they should have been to the United States and to President Obama for making that ridiculous deal instead of being respectful, they put their finger up in the air and this finger the thumb they put their finger up in the air and they disrespected the United States. You shouldn't have done that. That was a big mistake. One of the best things I've done is terminate that ridiculous here. If they want to make a deal, it's it's frankly, it's getting harder for me to want to make a deal with the run because they behaved very badly they're, saying bad things and I'll tell you it could go either way very easily very easily and I'm okay. Either way. It goes, give me what they didn't do in the world. I, don't think Pakistan look I, don't think Pakistan respected the United, States I, don't think Pakistan respected its presidents and I. Think Pakistan could have done a lot. I think Pakistan can do a tremendous amount against with respect to Afghanistan. They didn't do it and I. Don't blame many things. They were dealing with the wrong president, who knows but I think Pakistan could have done they're helping us a lot now. I think they could have helped us a lot in the past, but it doesn't matter. We have a new leader, he's gonna, be a great leader of Pakistan and we have a new leader here. Sort of knew him two and a half years now getting to be three years. Can you believe it you're gonna find time flies, but no I think Pakistan could have done a lot, but they chose not to that's because they did not respect us leadership. Well, I'll! Let you know that very quickly. I'll, let you know I mean I'm. Gonna know soon. It's not gonna, be like a long term thing. I I figured things out very quickly, so the question was: it's probably the best question you've asked it: Muller Muller, a mother she's been asking the best question. I have to focus on that cuz. That's a great question. I think Pakistan is going to do a lot. I really do I. Think Pakistan is going to make a big difference. I think Pakistan will save millions of lives in Afghanistan because I really believe they can. They have a power that other nations don't have with respect to Afghanistan and I will say. As of this moment, they're working very hard. You know I know President. You were working on trade deals right now, we'll see what happens. Retha they're paying us billions and billions of dollars of tariffs, which is fine with me, but I know that they're working I know that's a very important situation for President Xi, and you know you could say what you said, but you could also say that he has allowed that to go on for a long time, and you know it's been, it's been relatively I. Think it's been relatively nonviolent I, don't think China stopped him. The China could stop them if they want and I think I think that again, I'm not involved in it very much but I think President Xi of China has acted responsibly very responsibly. They've been out there protesting for a long time. I've never seen protests like it will you have that many people it looks like 2 million people, there's a big presence, but I think the presidency I hope that President Xi will the right thing, but it has been going on a long time. There's no question. Mr. president, good remarks about Pakistan and said that part on can help lot to end the violence in Afghanistan the dialogue process and reconciliation process. So what really Pakistan can do to bring peace, because you are also complained by your deputy commander, general Raja and other security team. So what solution Pakistan? What strategy paper you have to push forward the peace and reconciliation process in Afghanistan and assurances to the u.s.? Yes, what number one? This is the longest war, because anyone who knows the history of Afghanistan, you just have to look back at the history. There was always going to be able to settlement at the end and I have to compliment President Trump, because he has people to end the war who have a have a settlement, and that's where I think Pakistan is playing a very important role, because Pakistan has a 1,500 mile border with you of Ariston and all the areas where the trouble is, which is the suicide of what is that? Okay, so my talks with President Trump, we have a military leadership here, because this is obviously a security situation and what we want is Understanding between the two countries. I can show president Trump. Whatever we will be saying will be the app we will be straight with them. They will rock. Never be any question of any doubt on Pakistan's intent, because in apart from of honest on the country that wants peace and of honest and more than any other countries Pakistan, this is bigger directly affected by it and Pakistan needs stability. We have had 15 years of fighting this war on terror over 70,000 Pakistani casualties, over 150 billion dollars lost to the economy. So we desperately want peace and I'm. Happy I will be asking President Trump he's it's the most powerful country in the world, the United States. It can play the most important role and bring it peace in the subcontinent. You know, they're over are well over a billion and a quarter people in the subcontinent. They are held hostage to the issue of fish. Beef and I feel they're. Only the most powerful state, headed by President Trump and can bring the two countries together, I might want. I can tell you. We have tried our best. We made all over just to India to to start dialogue, dissolve our differences through dialogue, but unfortunately we haven't made any ways as yet, but I'm hoping the president shop would know. I was with I was with Prime Minister Modi two weeks ago, and we talked about this subject and he actually said. Would you like to be a mediator or arbitrator as I said we're so Cashman, because this been going on for many many years? I was surprised at how long I've been going going 70 years, I think they'd like to see it resolved and I. Think you'd like to see result that if I can help I would love to be a mediator. It should be I mean it's impossible to move to incredible countries that are very, very smart with very smart leadership, can't solve a problem like that, but if you would want me to mediate or arbitrate, I would be willing to do that right now. You will have the prayers of over a billion people if you can mediate and resolve its Asian shipping result so, but he asked me the same thing so I think there's something so maybe we'll speak to him where I'll speak to him and we'll see. If we can do so, because I've heard so much about Kashmir yeah, it's such a beautiful name. It's supposed to be such a beautiful part of the world, but right now, there's just bombs all over the everywhere. You go, you have bombs and it's a it's. A terrible situation been going on for many years. If I can do anything to help that, let me know, let me give you one thing on Afghanistan as an example. So a lot of you don't know this, but we dropped the largest non-nuclear bomb ever built in history. We dropped it in Afghanistan. We were getting ready to make many of those bombs. This left a hole that was, it took out a lot of big a lot of the tunnels in the world, but it left a hole in the earth that look like the moon. Look like a crater from the moon. Still there, it was nobody's ever seen anything like it. People heard it 15 miles away. They said what was that it shook the earth non-nuclear the largest ever made by far and they were going to make many of them and I said no I, don't want to drop that I. Don't want to do that. So many easy solutions. That's actually the easy solution and they'd come in and they'd say: let's have peace, but you don't have to do that. I think we're going to be very successful without having to go that route and I have tremendous confidence in the Prime Minister Pakistan has one of the freest presses of the world. All you have to do is sense. I'd, be the Prime Minister in the last ten months, I think the criticism I have received from my own press, unprecedented all right so to say that the curbs on Pakistan wait a minute wait, wait, uses with no way you're treated worse than I can get it after speak because I didn't hear your words, freedom of the press. We will do that. We will we're talking about hostages, we're talking about hostages being held in various places. I've had very good luck with ostriches with North Korea, with many places, they've treated us with respect and I appreciate. It made a big difference. We have two or three hostages that we're talking about. That's one of the gentlemen that we have heard about and will be. We will be discussing that with many other subjects. Yes well, I think they're very bad for our country. I really think they must hate our country, I. Think the four congressmen we're talking about the Congresswomen. What they've said about Israel? What they've said about an our country when they talk about disgusting people when they talk the way they talk? When the one mentioned that brown people should speak for brown people and Muslim people should speak for Muslim people, and you hear all this: it's not what our country is all about. No I think they're, very bad for our country, I think they're very bad for the Democrat Party I. Think you see that and they're pulling the Democrats way left. Nobody knows how to handle them. I feel they're easy to handle to me they're easy to handle because they're just out there they're very bad for our country. Absolute, no, no Rachel, no, there's no racial tension. Mister but I had my best numbers recently and it's because of the economy of what I've done feel of the afternoon in America. When you look at the African Americans, far doing better than they've ever done in our country that we're creating numbers look at the poverty numbers, look at so many different. Look at the unemployment numbers, the best they've ever had. Now we have fantastic relationships with the African American community. I think you'll, see that see that in he's, gonna, win and I think what's gonna happen and I. Think that's very true. It's actually a very good question. The answer is, yes, I see great trade with Pakistan and I'm, not talking about a little bit more I'm talking about. We could go ten and even twenty times. Ten is a big country, it's actually a very big country and they have tremendous product. They make great products. They make tremendous I bought from Pakistan over the years when I was in the private section, they make incredible product, they're, brilliant people, they're, hardworking people, I think we're gonna have a fantastic trade relationship, I don't mean well increase it by 20%, I mean I, think we can quadruple it. I think you could go, I mean literally, it sounds great. You could go 10 times more. You could go 20 times right, because what we do right now is that much and we should do a lot so I think that's gonna be and I also do agree that that has so much to do with great peace. Having a great trading relationship has so much to do with peace and extremism. In this case, I think it can have a so I expect that we were within a very short period of time, start having very significant trade with back. We just have a very good relationship and probably they would like to meet and we'll see what happens. There was a little car spawned us recently we're very positive cars planets with North Korea again there's new nuclear testing. There's no missile testing, there's nothing I! Think when they're ready, when they're ready. Mr. prime mr. Robbie will be discussing mr. prime minister. What are your specific I think I can very well I'm a very good relationship with Prime, Minister, Modi and I. Think we're gonna have a phenomenal relationship with the Prime Minister of Pakistan I I. Do think that it's a two-way street. You know you say: India is coming in and destabilizing Pakistan, but India is saying that Pakistan is coming in and destabilizing so there's a lot of room right there, where we could meet I. Think we yeah the question. I'll put one person to each step. There he's a terrible governor I think you have an even worse mayor of San, Juan, she's horrible I, think she's horrible I watched her. My people did nothing but complain about her when we helped them with their hurricane problem. The mayor of San, Juan, Puerto Rico, is a horror, show she's, incompetent, grossly incompetent. At the same time, the governor is not good, so the United States Congress. You won't believe that please close your ears, because this would be gave Puerto Rico 92 billion dollars last year for hurricane relief. Now they haven't, got the money all of it, but they've got a lot of it, but they're scheduled together. The Congress of the United States handed him 92 billion dollars and that 92 billion dollars is in the hands of incompetent people and very corrupt people. But the governor has done a terrible job and the mayor of San Juan has she's horrible, I, think she's, just terrible she's, so bad for her people and I. Think the government of the United States have to be careful I'm. The best thing that ever happened to Puerto Rico, because we did a great job in Puerto Rico. They don't like to give me the credit for it, but we did a great job. Have many Puerto Rican friends I have a real understanding of Puerto Rico I've had jobs in Puerto, Rico I had I think the most successful I owned, the Miss Universe contest of pageants, and we had them in Puerto, Rico, twice and I'll tear. We had tremendous successes, in fact they said literally a hundred this never happens almost I think 100. A hundred percent of the island itself was watching. They, like those pageants I've, had a great relationship with Puerto Rico I'm, the best thing that ever happened to Puerto Rico, but Congress has given them 92 billion dollars, Pakistan without some of their 92, not 1.3, because Pakistan was getting 1.3, 92 billion dollars and the money is squandered and wasted, and stolen and I'll. Tell you what the Senators and not happy about it and Congress is not happy about it, because you really do you have incompetent, totally grossly incompetent leadership at the top of Puerto Rico. The people of Puerto Rico are great and the people of Puerto Rico like me, and they should because nobody's given them what I give them, but the leadership is corrupt and incompetent. Thank you very much.