Ladies and gentlemen, the President of the United States, accompanied by the vice president of the United States Secretary, Mark Esper and general J Raymond. Thank you very much. It's a great honor on a beautiful day in the Rose Garden. Please sit thank you to ensure that all resources of the federal government are focused on the arriving stone. I have decided to send our Vice President Mike Pence to Poland this weekend. In my place, it's something very important for me to be here. The storm looks like it could be. A very, very big one indeed and Mike will be going I've just spoken to president Duda of Poland and expressed him my warmest wishes and the wishes of the American people. Our highest priority is the safety and security of the people in the path of the hurricane and I will be rescheduling. My trip to Poland in the near future, we're gathered here in the Rose Garden to establish the United States Space Command. It's a big deal as the newest combatant command space, come we'll defend, America's, vital interests in space, the next warfighting domain and I. Think that's pretty obvious to everybody. It's all about space, we're joined by Vice, President, Mike, Pence, Secretary of Defense, dr. mark Esper, Acting Director of National Intelligence Joe McGuire, acting secretary of the army, Ryan McCarthy, acting secretary of the Air Force Matt Donovan, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford and Congressman Mike Turner, were especially grateful to welcome the new leader of space. Come general, J, Raymond, highly respected men within the military joined this afternoon by his wife Molly. Thank you, Thank You, Molly, congratulations, Molly, it's great they're, wonderful, family and several of their friends, general Raymond. Congratulations so important I know he's going to do a fantastic job. The United States combatant commands were developed to join branches of our armed forces in common cause. Of course, diverse fields of battle. Each of the United States and military's combatant commands has an area of responsibility from CENTCOM which oversees our mission in the Middle East to our most recent Cybercom, which we established just last year to protect Americans from the most advanced cyber threats and also to create very, very severe and powerful offensive threats. Should we need them? The dangers to our country constantly evolve, and so must we now those who wish to harm the United States to seek to challenge us in the ultimate high ground of space. It's going to be a whole different ballgame. Our adversaries are weaponizing Earth's orbits, with new technology targeting American satellites that are critical to both battlefield operations and our way of life at home. Our freedom to operate in space is also essential to detecting and destroying any missile launched against the United States. So, just as we have recognized land air sea and cyber as vital war fighting domains, we will now treat space as an independent region, overseen by a new unified geographic combatant command. The establishment of the 11th combatant command is a landmark moment. This is a landmark day, one that recognizes the centrality of space to America's national security and defense under general. Raymond's leadership. Space comm will boldly deter aggression and outpace America's rivals. By far for 35 years, general Raymond has led and commanded space operations at every level in the US, Air, Force, Molly, I, hope you're, very proud of him. I'll bet you are I am too he's a warrior, who has integrated space capabilities to make our military even stronger and to pave the way for a new era of national defense he's respected by everybody sitting in front of us everybody in the military and everybody that knows him. Space comm will soon be followed, very importantly, by the establishment of the United States space force as the sixth branch of the United States Armed Forces, and that's really something when you think about it. The space Force will organize train and equip warriors to support space coms mission. With today's action we open another great chapter in the extraordinary history of the United States military space. Comm will ensure that America's dominance in space is never questioned and never threatened, because we know the best way to prevent conflict is to prepare for victory from our nation's first days. America's military blazed the trails and cross the frontiers that secured our nation's future no adversary on earth will ever match the awesome, courage, skill and might of American Armed Forces. Today we salute the heroic men and women who will serve in space, come and keep America's arises forever bright and forever free. We have budgets since we came into the administration since the election of 2016 since January 20th of 2017. We have done things with the military that few people would have thought possible budgets of seven hundred billion, seven hundred and sixteen billion, and now seven hundred and thirty eight billion dollars. Nobody would have thought that that was possible, but we had them approved by Republicans and Democrats, and that money is now building the most advanced equipment anywhere on earth equipment that nobody even could have conceived of even two years ago. It's very necessary and hopefully we'll never have to use it. I would now like to ask Secretary espera to sign documents formally establishing the United States Space Command. Thank you good afternoon. Mr. president, thank you for hosting us today. In doing so, you honor the airmen sailors, soldiers and Marines that secure our high ground for our nation. On behalf of those men and women, we'd like to present you with a small memento that reads: the United States Space, Command establishment, 29 August 2019 on behalf of the space war fighters. Thank you for your leadership. That's a big one! Thank you very much, I'd now like to invite chief master sergeant, Roger Toberman to the stage to unfurl the flag of the United States Space Command. Thank you very much you as live service,.