Is there anything better than a trump rally? What about a sleepy, Joe, Biden rally right well, he's made some beauties, I sort of hope. It's him I, don't mind. Any of them. You got Pocahontas is rising. You got Kamala Kamala is falling, you got Vado bado is like gone, but we'll see what happens, whoever you know, whoever it is I, don't know that it matters, but whoever it is different. Different people, but I, don't know I. Think sleepy Joe may be able to limp across the finish line, but today they announced that they're going to cut way back on his appearances, because he is such a disaster. They're gonna have fewer appearances. You've heard that right. This is sir they're going to cut way back on his appearances. Can you believe it? If I ever did that it would be over the fake news would get us, but we don't let them get us and it is fake. And today the deputy editor of The New York Times was demoted. Is that beautiful all the news? That's not fit to print? You know all the news, the fake failing, New York Times, and you can't really go by my election. You got to go by November 9th, because you know the markets have gone through the roof since November 9th that's the day after I won the election, so I won the election. The markets went up thousands of points things started happening. You started doing things that you would have never, even though I didn't get sworn in until January 20th, but they refused to do that. And let me tell you if, for some reason I wouldn't have won the election, these markets would have crashed and that'll happen even more so in 2020 see the bottom line is I. Know you like me, and this room is a lovefest I know that, but you have no choice but to vote for me because your 401ks down the tubes everything's going to be down the tubes. So, whether you love me or hate me, you gotta vote for me together we're restoring this nation's industrial mine and we are doing it with American iron, American, aluminum and American steel with doing steel, steel industry as high as Fela. They were dumping steel all over. They were destroying our companies. You are steel. Now, all of them they're all expanding to steel industry is back. It's doing great we're opening up mines in Minnesota, the great state of Minnesota. They have magnificent mines that have the best iron ore in the world and President Obama closed them down. Maybe we can get representative Omar from Minnesota to open up, but I, don't think she'll, open them up, I, don't think so, representative Omar, that's another one and you've been reading about this a lot lately. We are working very hard to make sure we keep guns out of the hands of insane people and those who are mentally sick and shouldn't have guns. But people have to remember, however, that there is a mental illness problem that has to be dealt with. It's not the gun that pulls the trigger it's the person holding a gun years ago, many cities and states. I remembered so well closed mental institutions for budgetary reasons they let those people out onto the street. You probably have your examples up here. I can tell you in New York they closed. So many of them and they let really seriously mentally ill people out on the streets, and you see plenty of them today, even today, we're going to have to give major consideration to building new facilities for those in need. We have to do it and at the same time we will be taking mentally deranged and dangerous people off of the streets. So we won't have to worry so much about that. A big problem: we don't have those institutions anymore and people can't get proper care, they're, seriously ill people and they're on the streets. We can't make it harder for good, solid, law-abiding citizens to protect themselves. We will always uphold the right to self-defense and we will always uphold the Second Amendment. We will we're investing in the future of human spaceflight and someday soon. American astronauts will plant two stars and stripes on the surface of Mars and I, told my guys at NASA. You know NASA when we took it over, it was exhausted. The runways and the ground said all weeds growing through the cracks in the concrete. You wouldn't recognize it. Now it's beautiful it's the best place anywhere on earth and I. Also said, though, you know, I hear all these rich guys for some reason: they love space, so they're rich I said let them send the Rockets up what the hell do. We have to do it right, so I see Jeff, Bezos and Elon Musk they're, putting Rockets up I, think it's great and they pay us rent. They use our facility. That's good, but we're also doing it at NASA has some of the greatest plans we've ever had. These are great people, great scientists, but we also let the private sector put up rockets, the one which recently went up and you see the engines coming back down and they're coming, there's no wings, no, nothing! It's almost like what are we watching is this fiction and they come down and they save all of the propellants all of the the really the most expensive parts they're able to save it by bringing it back right to where it took off. Who would think they could do this? I never saw this before six months ago, but they're doing it now more and more they're saving a lot of the most important and expensive parts of rockets. So we have a lot of rich guys paying us a lot of rent, but we're also doing it ourselves.