Well, thank you very much. Tomorrow is a very big day because tomorrow will represent 50 years from the time we planted a beautiful American flag on the moon, and that was a an achievement, possibly one of the great considered one of the great achievements ever and we're going a lot further. Now we're going to the movie, but we're then going to Mars and I. Think, very importantly, at all of you folks know that from a standpoint of defense, so important we're going to be doing the space force. I assume you guys are all in favor of the space force right I'd, be very surprised if you weren't, but that's where it's at we're going to be doing the space force, we're very close to getting that completed and operating that's going to be very exciting. So a lot of things are happening. We have with us. Of course, Buzz Aldrin always been an incredible gentleman, I've known him for years for a long time and we've been friends for a long time, but just a fantastic, fantastic man and Michael Collins, you all know, flew Apollo, 11 overhead and it's Aldrin and Armstrong. They walked on the moon, we have and you have Rick off from the Sun mark. It's just incredible families. These are incredible space families. These are incredible men and honestly I've gotten to know some of the women of the family. These are great women, great men, frankly great genes, but tomorrow's a big day. So tomorrow is a day where 50 years- and we also have Jim brightenstein and Jim- is the head of NASA, as you know, and nASA has done a whole different. It's a whole different thing. Jim bridenstine is somebody that everybody wanted that job, because there's a love for space that is unparalleled, Mike, Pence and myself felt strongly about Jim. We gave him the job and he's surpassed any of our expectations. Nasa's back having rich guys, use it and pay us rent. I like that, I almost like that better Jim. You want to know that we don't have to put up so much money, but you've been watching a lot of rich guys sending up rockets, and that goes to our credit, and it goes to their credit also, but we like it and we opened up our field when we took it over. They were all covered with grass and they were broken and they were in bad shape. The nessa. If you look at Kennedy you look at down in Florida, you look wherever you want to look, it was not a pretty picture, they were almost you could say, abandoned and now they're in tip-top shape and rockets are going up all the time and we would actually lease rockets from Russia and other countries, but from Russia to send people up, and we appreciate the whole relationship with Russia, but we'll be doing it ourselves. We're in a position that we haven't been in for many many years and space to me is important for defense and offense. I guess you could say, but space to me is very important for defense. It's not just about going to the moon and going to Mars, because we don't know what we're going to find do it Mars, but it's certainly a trip. That's going to be very interesting to get to Mars you have to land on the moon. They say any way of going directly without landing on the moon. Is that a possibility? Because when we go to the mall, when we go to Mars we're gonna have to be there for a long period of time. So we need to learn how to live and work on another. So how long a trip tomorrow? How long would it take it's about a seven-month journey there? The challenge is Earth and Mars are only on the same side of the Sun once every 26 months. So we have to be prepared to stay on Mars for long periods of time. We prove that out on the moon. Then we go on tomorrow. What happens if you missed a timing they're in deep trouble right? Well, we're not you don't want to be on that ship? Yes, sir, you don't want to be on the show. What do you think we come back and try to get yeah, I? Guess, what's a long time? That's a long time. How do you feel about it? Mars direct you, like it direct yeah, it seems to me Mars direct everyone. Patient I mean who's. Who knows better than these people doing this stuff for a long time. What about the concept of Mars direct? So the the challenge is, if we go direct to Mars, there's going to be a lot of things that we haven't yet proven out. We need to think about this. We need to use the resources of another world in order to live and work for long periods of time. The moon has hundreds of millions of tons of water ice that we discovered back in 2009 water ice represents life support it's air to breathe its water to drink. It's also rocket fuel, hydrogen and oxygen, the same rocket fuel to power, the Space Shuttle, so it's available in hundreds of millions. If there's mr. president, that's a market, that's an available market where people, some of these commercial guys are interested in going to the moon to utilize. That resource for their own stays on the moon. It could be for tourism, it could be for resources, potentially even Shiva statue. They haven't really landed that close to that portion of the moon. That you're talking about that's correct. In the Apollo era, we landed in the equatorial regions so from 1969 the first landing up until 2008 and 2009 many people believe the moon was bone-dry. Now we know that there's hundreds of millions of tons of water ice. We need to learn how to use it, so we can live and work and then, ultimately, that gives us the opportunity to go to Mars. So you feel that really landing on the moon first and figuring it out and getting ready to launch- and you would like to you really feel launching you're, essentially launching from the moon to Mars I think so. The best way to think about it is we learn how to live and work on the moon, but we launch to Mars from a space station that we have in orbit around the moon a space station. We call gateway right which gives us access to the moon, but ultimately it becomes the deep-space transport to take go to Mars with a gateway. We will have more access to more parts of the solar system with humans than we could ever have otherwise, because from the moon, it's very easy because the moon's gravity well is small compared to her. So what we, a grenade at the gateway, enabled us to go version just seeing our Jim brothers done was a great congressman. Who was with me most of the time at all the time. It was not that easy, a decision for me, but that's, okay. You know that you know what I'm talking about and ultimately once I got to know him, and once he got to know me, it was a whole different, ballgame and you've done a fantastic job. You really yes, and you love it and, more importantly, he loves it. The reason he's doing well with my Mike Pence where's my pride by coming, tell me what you think of the job Jim's doing what what do you think of the job they're doing well. Thank you, mr. president. I sure you enthusiasm for our NASA Administrator Jim Brad Steiners done a phenomenal job, really putting into practice your vision for reviving American leadership and human space exploration about to be able to be here in the Oval Office with you and the first lady, with Buzz Aldrin Mike Collins in the family of Neil Armstrong. As we celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 11 mission, is it is very humbling for me I. Thank you for your leadership. You revived the National Space Council. You asked us to lead it and we have really revived American leadership in space, we're launching a space force to make sure that we can defend this nation at the outer reaches of space, but because of your leadership, I know everyone gathered here these families. These astronauts are excited to know that within the next year we will be able to return American astronauts to space on American Rockets from American soil. Maybe you could just wear it. Just hold up your hands and little bits of immediacy, the family of diehl-armstrong where's, our family, they're, all family. What I want you to do buzz just introduce your family. That's you fit this mic lovely. So do you have any questions? Folks, one thing I think before we go I do want to ask one question to be the Mike or Jim private, guys wealthy guys is spending a lot of money with you right now. A lot I assume they're using the facilities, they're leasing the facilities at any money to set off their rockets. You can judge a block, they have so much I, don't know what to do with it and then like rockets, my god I, don't like it said: Mike I, like it I like it. The way we're doing it I also like it the way they're doing it, how much of the work that you're doing is privately financed and because I see whether it's Bezos or I could name. Many okay have many involved. How much of the work that you're doing is private versus government-funded and researched. So, right now on the International Space Station, we are commercially resupplying, the International Space Station by buying a service from these commercial providers who have invested their own money because they're looking for markets they're looking for business. That is not necessarily us, which means our costs good out and our access goes up, but that's resupply to the International Space Station. Now we're doing commercial crew to the International Space Station and the value is this and sir. This is uh. This is a public-private partnership where we're gonna have the opportunity in the future to have NASA be one customer of many customers in a very robust marketplace in low-earth orbit, where the costs come down, access goes up, but we also want to make sure- and this is important- we have numerous providers that are competing against each other on cost and innovation and as they compete, our costs will continue to go down. Access will go up the goal being we want more access to space than ever before and that's ultimately how we're going to go to the moon, that's how we're going to get to Mars and that there are markets out there that are not NASA and that's a good thing for our country. What in our defence industry so nASA has a lot of technologies that we developed, that the Department of Defense in fact takes advantage of, and that goes back to people- remember Alan, Shepard launching into space. Well, he launched on an ICBM, so there's a lot of back and forth between what NASA does for Science and Technology and what the Department of Defense does for the national security interests of the country. But you know this and I've been very public about it. The United States Air Force is an amazing institution. The challenges their budgets are pretty steady and yet the greatest threats that the Air Force deals with are in space and cyber space, and these are areas where the Air Force is going to run out of capacity, in my view, from a national security perspective. So we need to take that element and create a separate space force where we can organize train and equip a cadre of professionals that can keep us safe from a space perspective, and by doing that, we will have more opportunity to explore space than we otherwise would fantastic job. So Michael Collins flew Apollo 11. What's the difference with there's a long time ago with that- and let's say what they're doing today, because you're abreast of what they're doing today might well I think the whole system is more we're talking a minute ago about private funds. I think that's wonderful, the more the merrier the money. This must be in Bezos to put take out of their own pocket they put into the fabric. It is all one lump as far as I'm concerned. Maybe the budget tears don't quite agree with that. But I think it's just the more the merrier private funds appropriated funds. We need a moment. Let's go with look. Let me say like that: whole concept. Yes, do you see a big advancement from so many years ago with Apollo 11? You see a tremendous advancement when you see what's happening like Elon Musk I, see where his propulsion systems come back to earth. I had never seen that before they come back standing up, and that means you use them again, I guess, but that was unthinkable a long time. Yes, sir, that was one shot and they fell into the ocean. A tremendous waste of fine food rocket motors for every Saturn 5 that you sent huh I, think that is the most dramatic new idea that reusability I mean how many things in our life do we use once and throw away too many, maybe maybe that reusability doctrine could be a little more widespread in the rest of our mr. president, it's just to reinforce your point, president Science Space policy director, one saying that America was going to return to and then to Mars this one first acts in this administration, but the president president has also taken action to streamline regulations for private space exploration, but the president's vision is that we will continue to have American leadership in space. Some of that will come from NASA. Some of that will come as a part of our national defense, but much of it will come by unleashing the entrepreneurial energy of American space entrepreneurs and, and all of it represents what I know all of these families are excited about is renewed American leadership in human space exploration and it all comes to articulating and putting into practice your vision. Mr. president, thank you very much. Mike and bus maybe say a few words: you've been watching the space program very closely, you've been watching what we're doing and what a career you've had great careers. What would you say, I've been a little disappointed in the last 10 15 years. We were able to achieve so much early. What? Maybe we because of conflicts in Southeast Asia? We had to terminate the Apollo payment moved on other direction, but in the last 50 years we had a rocket saturn v and it took command module. That was like spacecraft and the lunar module was, you know we all went together. We landed, we joined up. That was my expertise upon the earth. We came back now. We have a number one rocket right now in the US and we have a number one spacecraft and they cannot get into lunar orbit with significant maneuvering capability and that's a great disappointment to me. How do you feel about that Jim? We're working on it fact, so the Orion crew capsule is an amazing crew capsule and we need it to go to the moon within five years, which of course, is the direction that we're on right now, but when we're there I think the gateway it's going to attach to a small module in orbit around the moon called the Gateway think of it as a small space station and that's going to give us what we call Delta V. That's that maneuvering capability to go down to low lunar orbit and then back up on a lander. So those are the pieces of the architecture that we're working on the other side, because some people would like to do it a different way. Yes, sir I see you listen to buzz, are the other people because they also feel I mean I know this has been going on for a little while and we're so advanced, but I would like to hear the other side I think the the other real benefit of space. That is something we haven't talked about. Now is the inspiration that it provides for all the kids out there, not just in the US but all around the world, to focus on achieving their dreams, studying science and math and engineering and I've met I've heard from so many people that have come to me and said: I was inspired to be what I am because of what I saw in the Apollo program and that the value of that is is tremendous and I think we need more of that, so I'm, really hoping that you know days like today, will help do that and with the increased activity in space that we're all talking about here. We'll all help that well, you have a great family, and you know one of the things we're bringing the glamor back to it, because it was the glamour lost everything if you would have seen these fields when we took over really you started about a year year-and-a-half ago, when we took over it was unbelievable. It looked like an abandoned town and now there's this beauty is beauty and there's a lot of things happen. A lot of really great things are happening, so we're very proud of that. Thank you all very much. We appreciate it. Thank you.