You know first I need to tell you the word transition in between morning I mean we still that this various is a very slow process into reflection in action in our community. Our families are asking this question why this happening in Y, El, Paso and I think the answer to ask what what question is? What is motivating today's action? Today's event, because we realize that there's a strong connection between the shooter's language motives and president Trump's rhetoric he consistently in the last two three years he has been attacking our communities in many ways he's been calling us rate criminals rapists that immigrants represent a national security threat. Just few days ago, I mean so few months ago we had some of the white national nationalistic militias white supremacist militias that came down to El, Paso and I engaged them in a public debate. In one thing they mentioned, they were coming to the border, responded to Trump's call to action to protect the water from the invasion. White supremacists are malicious at that time. So it happens that that is the wars that this shooter using the manifester manifesto, and that is what the president has been saying all of this time. So there is responsibility in the president. That is the feeling of our community that these victims are dead because of the president's war. So we cannot welcome the president. He is not welcome in El Paso and we're gonna show that in members were bringing a lot of people from different sectors: elected officials, community members, families working together and send that specific message, but also we're reaffirming that the path will continue to hear an open community, a community that welcomes immigrants and refugees. So you felt, like your community, was targeted long before they're, shooting simply because the president president's rhetoric, you know we had seen family separation, children separated from their mothers here no possible due to the policies of the president. What's in children, dying in detention, centers in border patrol stations, building walls rejecting refugees that is under the president's watch in using this bitch'll in this hateful language. So yes, we mean we said it before even before this terrorist, that that there was a war, there's a war against immigrants, fueled by president's rhetoric. So, yes, I mean we felt that the President had actually attacked the symbol of what a possible presents. The president issued this call for unity earlier this week, but he seemed to undo that I mean he's already tweeting. You know criticism of better or work. For example, you know is cynical. At least the president is saying that uh that, because children are playing Nintendo's and because there are mental health issues, he refused to accept responsibility instead of changing what he's doing that is causing too much harm in our communities, he continues to do exactly the same: dividing our communities blaming and others by not taking responsibility. That is not acceptable, acceptable for us. Do you think the do you think the president message, but I think I hope that he's gonna listen, thousands of people that sign a letter in less than 24 hours, 17,000 sign a letter, an open letter from a password saying that he's not welcome until he repents until he asks for forgiveness. Until he change his policies in his rhetoric, I think I hope that the numbers of people rejecting him not welcomed him I think that is. That should be the message. Excellent. Thank you for your time, sir preciate.