Judit Allah, you you you you! This is the primary audio circuit for the Reuters lives. This is the primary for the Reuters lives from South Carolina representative Joe Wilson from the state of Texas representative Al Green from the state of Texas representative Kevin Brady from the state of Texas senator Ted Cruz from Mississippi senator Cindy hyde-smith from the state of Texas Senator John Cornyn from Maryland representative Steny Hoyer from Illinois representative rosa Krishnamoorthy from North Dakota senator Kevin Cramer from Kentucky governor Matt Bevin from New York Representative carolyn Maloney from the state of Texas representative Pete Olson from North Carolina representative David rouser from the state of Texas representative mark messi from New York representative Tom Suozzi from the state of Texas Representative Michael Cole and from California representative Linda Sanchez, join me in welcoming the junior senator from the state of Texas Ted Cruz to Prime Minister Modi to President Trump, two representatives across the United States across India across the world, welcome to Texas today as a celebration. It is a celebration of the friendship between America and India, a strong, resolute and growing friendship. Our nation's have interests that are intertwined. We share a history, we share cultures, we share language, we share values: India is the largest democracy on the face of the earth and America is proud to be. Your friend today is also a celebration of the incredible Indian American community here in the United States, and especially here in the great state of Texas. We have over 500,000 Indian Americans, who call Texas home, and the Indian American community here in Houston, in Texas and across America, is wonderfully diverse. His vibrant believes in small business and opportunity believes in freedom and through all of Texas and all of America. We say thank you for the incredible contributions of the Indian American community as a lifelong Houstonian. It is particularly meaningful to me and I know too many here that Prime Minister Modi chose to come to Houston, Texas, the most diverse big city in America and the most entrepreneurial city in America and I, look forward to decades and centuries of closer economic and military and diplomatic ties of friendship between Texas and India, between America and India. We are friends- and today is celebrating that friendship and now a few words from the senior senator from Texas founding chairman of the Senate India caucus, our very own John Cornyn. We know everything is bigger and we think better in Texas- and this is certainly a texas-sized welcome for Prime Minister Modi, when his trip was first announced folks on the west coast and the East Coast wondered why Texas they expected a trip, maybe to the Silicon Valley or perhaps to Washington DC, and while those are great places to visit, nobody has fueled. Our country's relationship with India like Texas and I, mean that literally Texas helps power. India with American oil and gas and India and US trade just keeps getting stronger day by day. By day after a near four decade, ban on US exports of crude oil was lifted. Texas supplied the first American crude to India, and today today, India is increasingly running on American natural gas, much of which comes from the Lone Star State and while that's far and away our largest export, it's not the only one. Texas ranks as India's second largest trading partner in the u.s. right behind California, but we are catching up, but for as deep as our economic ties are, our cultural ties are stronger. Texas is home to a vibrant, Indian diaspora with more.