Well, we're here because we know that President Trump is coming and we kind of want to show that we are united as a city together rather than just I, guess welcoming of him and I guess we're here today, because our hearts ache for our city and for our people first and foremost, everything that he has ever done and said the way he has painted the citizens of El, Paso and Mexicans people alike, minority groups that has helped to incite what has happened here this past weekend and it is truly enraging and truly, you know, aggravating to all of us and that's why we're here today. This is not a welcoming of Donald Trump. This is a detesting of him. How much of an impact do you think his words had on what happened here? Zero I can tell you that zero. He has no compassion. You know, even you know, in Daytona Ohio. He referred to them, as you know the people of Toledo, and that was completely incorrect. What what does he show that shows? You know such a lack of compassion for people for us people who are going through situations like this, and he has zero compassion. Do you feel that he is to blame for the shooting? Absolutely I do like I said you know initially for the way that he's painted my people. Mexicans are the way he's painted my Sun City, because we are a border town. You know we I can tell you you know born and raised here. We radiate vibrancy and color, and culture and love everything that he's ever said completely wrong about us. If you could say something directly to the president today, what would it be that he's not fit to be in the position that he's in completely you know, I, don't say it's probably as much for myself. I just feel like I need to come out and express. Then we've got to stop this just type. The hate speech got to treat each other as one and Trump is not helping and he's hurting in fact he's causing something. So that's why I wanted to come out just to express my my fear, how much what's happening, how much personal responsibility do you think the president has for what happened here? I think- and this says he has a lot, because you just have to watch a little bit of television to realize that he's how many times he's talked about invasion of people here in El Paso we're one community with wadis people go back and forth all the time my family has roots and wadis and laws and I just you know, I think it contributed to this shooter wanting to come here to kill Mexicans. So if you could deliver a message directly to the president today, what would it be? Stop it just stop for the moment and just stop forever on your hate speech and just see where that gets us. As you know, obviously, I want him to be gone if he redesigned today, a different leader sure. Do you think at this point the genie can be put back in the bottle. You know, in other words those people who've been in Bolden. Are they going to go away? Obviously he has millions of supporters, people in the rallies her behind him, we're going right, along with what he's saying and cheering him on so there's a big problem here in the United States. Sir, tell me why you felt it was important to be here today. Well, I've I've lived the year 25 years, I, don't I've retired up by Las Cruces now, but I lived here. 25 years was a schoolteacher public school teacher here in El, Paso and I stand in solidarity with the grieving citizens of El Paso I grieve with them for this horrible evil that has descended upon the city. What do you make of the way? President Trump characterized this city and the border long before the shooting happened? Well, I think his messages have been pretty clear throughout, and that is that he thinks that people with brown skin were different ethnicities other than Anglo our second-class citizens at best and not worthy of being here within the borders of the United States at all, and these people here have ancestors that were here 450 years ago, they predate Trump. They predate me, and this is their community and they have as much right to be here in the United States as anybody. So what do you make of the president's decision to come here today? I think it was a bad mood. I think it was self-serving. I, don't think he's coming here, as the comforter in chief I think he's coming here is the divider in chief and he's insensitive to boot as far as I'm concerned, he had no business. Being here. Tell me why it was important to be here today, wrong. I've lived here, no pastor for 37 years. This is not part of our heritage, our culture here, no mountain city is a right path: I'm, very loving and caring city. We accept everybody, there's no reason. You know you take away the motivations for this crime alone and just look at it strictly as another mass shooting. How do you explain the people who are from outside El Paso and from outside the US, a situation like this? So if you could deliver a message directly, president from today, what would you say? What would that message? Be your visit mostly divisive for our country. Please not don't stable.