Prince Harry and Megan dropped a royal bombshell. Last week the couple took to social media to announce their stepping back from senior royal duties. The palace wasn't impressed in the Queen called an emergency crisis meeting to figure out next steps. Globals Redman Shannon joins us from outside Buckingham Palace, with the very latest on this and Redman Prince Harry, along with his dad and brother, were summoned to this meeting with the Queen any word and what's in store for them well, I think a lot of things will be on the table. Travis after that bombshell. Announcement last week that really blindsided Buckingham Palace. Here they had no idea. This was coming I, remember Travis, just last week when it came out about an hour or two later getting that email, press release, alert from Buckingham Palace, very terse one sentence, email saying this will take time to sort out, and this is the start of that process. For the first time, Prince Harry sitting down face to face with his grandmother the Queen, along with his brother Prince William and his father, Prince Charles, of course, in Sandringham, to talk about how this will all work reportedly to Megan, the Duchess of Sussex will be on the line, as we believe from Canada on the line on the phone line as part of this conversation. So what they're going to be sorting out is whether or not they keep their royal titles, what obligations they will have toward their charitable causes toward their royal duties. What they will have to do, what they might not have to do. Security is going to be a big thing. Reportedly it's at least a million dollars a year to protect the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. If they move to Canada, how much more will that cost the British taxpayer? Will it cost the Canadian taxpayer? These are things we're not quite sure about. Yet all these things are on the table, there's a lot to iron out, but obviously this was something that was coming. We heard from Prince Harry a number of months ago saying that he and his brother were on different paths. We heard the that Megan told the journalists that it was being difficult that first year and a half as a duchess, so this is surprising to many, but perhaps there was a clue that this was coming so Redmond. What is the reaction being on the ground where you are right now in the United Kingdom to this unfolding drama? It seems like there was a twist every day, yeah well, I, think it's very mixed. Travis I think it's some ways. It's generational! You know this young couple, reflective of modern Britain. An international couple. Megan is mixed-race, it's something that is reflective of a younger generation here and I. Think a lot of people of a younger generation here seem to have sympathy with them and the the things that they're going through. But some people are perhaps a little more clinging on to the tradition of the royal family. Take a listen to what some people on the streets of London had to say: I! Think it's a bit rich, really they've got married being senior Royals and now all of a sudden it's been paid for it's done and now sudden they don't want to be seen. You anymore he's he's a royal and that's it as he can't get away from that. Well, you know there are young couples. She should have known what she was getting into if to start off with, but if you want to be out the limelight something's the best way to do it, so there would be difficult conversations had in Sandringham today we don't know if there will any be any results from this meeting today, but over the next days and weeks we may have a result of what happens back to you, Travis, alright, Redmond Shannon. Thank you.