We are joined by one of the key people leading that team, Raptors assistant, coach and director of sports science alex McKechnie. He has a Larry, Orion NBA championship trophy with us and he is joining us in studio. Thank you so much for being here today good morning, and thank you for having me. How does it feel? Okay, I just have to say: we've had a steady stream of people coming in from our newsroom trying to take photos with the trophy. How does it feel for you to be looking at this today? Knowing that you were part of this accomplishments? I think it's really. It's really special for me to bring it back to Vancouver, knowing that it's never been here before, and that winning it winning it and winning it in Canada was just amazing for the Canadian team. Is it fabulous? The moment was really truly, it was kind of overwhelming it really was it was. It was special, very, very special and you had such a pivotal role with the team in helping Kawhi Leonard with his injury over the last season. What was that relationship like with him that you built well, it was pretty special guy I mean he's an incredible athlete everything he does was with you know with perfection. You know we met in a daily basis and worked out a process of protocols. What are we doing so? The relationship was built and built. You know over a period of time, not just with me both all of my stuff I mean I have I, have six people on my staff they're exceptional at their work, and we would collectively you know, group together and discuss how we approach this on a daily basis. So yeah he's pretty special. We build that trust within it. Ness that's how it works and you've worked with. You know the top of the top athletes Paul Kariya Shaquille O'neal are these people that you still keep in touch with that. You built relations very much so yeah yeah, in fact, just with doing that during the course of the playoffs I had dinner with Shaq in Toronto, and we had a wonderful night just myself and him and one of the ends in his trusted partner Jerome. Who was his bodyguard for many many years? The three of us have dinner: it's terrific relationship, Paul I, keep in touch with constantly yeah. In fact he texts me the night we won. You know again a wonderful young man, terrific and he was actually one of the real pivotal springboards of this whole might jump into the NBA. Quite frankly, yeah I mean you've had quite the career as a physiotherapist. Did you ever think that it would bring you to this moment? No I, don't think anybody ever does. I mean I started my career right here in Burnaby that Simon Fraser moved to Hastings Street, then from Hastings Street, again further up Hastings Street and to Gilmore, and then from there don't eight rinks and then from there to Los, Angeles, then Ellie to Toronto. It's been an incredible right. It really has, but you know, like I, said: I cut my teeth right here in Burnaby, so especially for me to come back to Burnaby. Well, we are so happy that you are here and that you chose to celebrate with us today and I. Think it's so important for founds of the Raptors or really any team to see that there is yes, the team, that's on the court or on the ice, but there's an entire team of people behind the scenes. What do you want people to know about all that effort that goes on I? Think people only see it when the lights come on. You know, that's the real thing is it's it's glamorous, etc, but the bottom line is they don't see it two o'clock in the morning when we were arriving back from the road trip you know and and where does snow in Toronto and it's pretty cold and there's equipment guys dragging luggage off of planes and it's an incredible amount of work that goes into so many different people. You know from our own staff standpoint once the season starts, there are no days off. You know we work 24/7, we rotate our days off through the staff, but the fact is: there's always somebody injured. There's, always somebody needing work. There's always we're always doing extra work with different people, there's so many people involved. You know that really that worked together to put the team on the floor. People don't realize that like I say they only see it when the lights come on yeah, because it's more than just being a physiotherapist in your situation, you're also building a level of trust- and you know giving emotional support to those team members is what we do. I mean we have in my staff. I have you know: I have a mind of physio Scott, sir head trainer, Sheila's trainer, we have massage Johnnie's leaders of strength. Core is a massage therapist plus we have ancillary staff nutritionists sports psychologists. We all work together. We work as a group, and you know so coming out of our meetings. It's one message: it's a collective voice, but one message constantly and that's important to sustain that that continuous message that we have that's really what what makes it work for us I. Think it's really identifying. We take each player. We try to identify their their individual breakdown, their individual potential. You know pitfalls and then build a programs out from that. It's it's yeah and we and I must say, but let me say, I've total autonomy. You know from Messiah gives me total autonomy to do this under coach Nick nurse. We collectively work together. So we know we have a system and we'll come out with with a plan. Mm-Hmm and you'll support us, yes, and that's what it takes. Really. You know leadership. Standpoint now, I have to ask you. You know we were all hoping crossing our fingers that Kawhi Leonard was gonna stay on this side of the border. What was your reaction when you found out that he was going to the Clippers I? Think it office Lee there's some disappointment, but this damn baby we just move on. You know it's we're pretty good team. We were pretty good team. Even you know when he didn't play so of course, yes, a great team. How are you feeling heading into the next season? We feel very confident. You know: we've got terrific players, you get leadership with Kyle Lowry with Marc Gasol. We have, we have Pascal, siakam is emerging talent, isn't Talent yeah. We're very confident, well I, hope to see this trophy back here next year, I'd like to be, but thank you so much. Thank you very much for having me.