You could extend the legs. That's nice. Is this a suspect in the missing man case? Thank you good afternoon. My name is corporal Chris, Manzo and I'm here with an update on the police seeking public assistance in the Dee's Lake missing person investigation, the DS Lake area, investigation into the disappearance of cam, McCloud and Brier schmegle ski their vehicle recovery and the discovery of an unidentified deceased male continues on July 19th 2019. The DS Lake RCMP responded to a vehicle fire south of the Stikine River Bridge on highway 37, while investigating the vehicle additional information led police to discover body at a nearby highway, pull out as a result of the ongoing investigation. Police are now seeking the public's assistance in locating two men who were driving the vehicle and are currently missing. The BC RCMP are asking for the public's assistance in locating 19 year-old cam McCloud an 18 year old, briar schmegle ski from Port Alberni, who have not been in contact with their family. For the last few days they were driving a vehicle found on fire, 50 kilometers, south of Dee's Lake cam and Bria were traveling through BC two. As a white horse in the Yukon Territory to look for work, it's not clear why they returned to BC and what their travel plans may have been. They have periodically connected with family and friends over the past week and it's possible that they are now in an area without cell coverage. However, we have found their vehicle and have not been able to locate either of them. At this time we are asking for cam or briar to contact with police, to contact connect with police. Pardon me right away and let us know that they are okay. We are also asking that anyone who may have spoken with them or seen them over the last few days to call police, so we can get a better understanding of where they might be or their plans. Cam was described as 6-foot for approximately 169 pounds, dark brown, hair and facial hair with brown eyes. Briar is described as 6-foot for approximately hundred and sixty-nine pounds with sandy brown hair. The two were traveling in a red and gray dodge pickup, with a sleeping camper with BC license plate lw6 4, 3 3. They were last seen, traveling south from the super, a general store Indies Lake around 3:15 p.m. on Thursday July 18th. We are also confirming that the deceased male located approximately 2 kilometers south from the vehicle is neither cam nor Brier. We are continuing to make attempts to identify this male. It is unclear at this time how or if this deceased male is connected with the vehicle fire or the two missing young men, the deceased males described as 5 foot 8 to 5 foot, 10 Caucasian, with a heavy build 50 to 60 years old, with the gray beard and gray hair. Anyone with any information about cam Brier or is able to help us identify. The male is: please ask to call our new tips line number at one, eight, seven, seven, five, four, three, four, eight two two or the major crime line: seven, seven, eight, two: nine zero, five, two nine one, sir who's, the man in the sketch, that's the that's the composite of the male that was located with the vehicle while near the vehicle. Pardon me: what else can you tell us about this individual? Do you believe that the two missing teens are connected to him? Did they know each other at this time? We don't know and that's why we're reaching out to the public for assistance. We don't know if there is even a connection between them. How did this man die? I, don't know, nineteen-year-old meant something nefarious that there was foul play involved, any clues in their trouble at this time. It's just a missing person. Investigation that we're trying to follow up on all leads we're asking for the public to try and help us out if they've seen anybody or if they know anything since since they'd been reported missing, no there's been no report from the families. I, don't know I'm. Sorry and you confirmed that's, not a suspect, no photo, that's the photo of the deceased founder of the truck. That's that's true. Yes, so not near the truck several two kilometers away from it yeah, but we don't know if they're linked to the truck or even the young men at all and this time, no I'm. Sorry any it's possible, it's possible it. We have to complex and dynamic ongoing investigations that are happening in northern BC and where they have major crime working on both files. At this time, that's all I know. Do you believe that the person who killed, Fowler and Di's could have killed this man? I? Don't know I'm, sorry how come I just don't have that information. Up until today, our Soompi had been really downplaying any sort of link. Any sort of you know serial killer theories. Now you are walking that back. You are changing your tone on that. How come information that was given to us on Friday? We just know more about both of the incidents since Friday and when initially reported that an iteration wasn't yet available. Sergeant. Sorry, sorry sergeant show you it will speak to the DS Fowler homicide, investigation, I'm, I'm speaking solely to the missing people outside of DS Lake. So right now we're using all conventional techniques, including air services, police, dog services and search-and-rescue to look for the missing men. Is there any indication that possibly the missing teens are somehow connected to the deaths of Fowler and DS? Are you suggesting that they're, the suspects potentially I don't know I, don't have that information the investigate it's possible that they are linked, but that's all I have I'm. Sorry. Are you looking at them, though? Can you say, as suspects or as potential victims at this point, I'm we're looking at them as missing persons and we're looking to speak with them on their missing person investigation? That's all so! There's no reasons of interest at this point or at this point, I wouldn't even put them in as that, is there any indication that the teens met with any sort of foul play, they're missing. We don't have any indication where they are and we don't have any any further information on the web. Sorry about 30 of mine, I, don't have any other information other than the last time they were seen was at that general store in Indies, like I, don't know well, they they had headed up to Whitehorse to look for work, but they were last seen in Dee's Lake on Thursday I. Don't know if they're fancy, that's another reason that we're looking for them for further information. If things have changed, we would like to know that information. Also, there are some parallels here in terms of I mean it's been a couple of days at this point, you have not been able to identify that a cease. In this case, we understood that Lucas Fowler, channa dese were also not able to be identified according to their family because of the nature of their injuries. Can you elaborate at all in the the nature of death and the nature of the injuries here? Why are we not getting identification on the victim in this case until days after the fact I don't have that information I'm sorry elaborate on how he may have been killed? I don't have that fish. All I know is that he was found deceased near nearby this vehicle, that was on fire with respect to Sarah your question. What why is it taking? We don't know who he is and that's why we're seeking the public's assistance in helping us to identify the mannequins composit that was found two kilometres south, but why can't? Why can't you give us an indication of how he died? You've got you've, got three people dead within the course of a week. The public is wondering what is going on they're, not getting answers from the RCMP I think they're getting their their information from media from overseas they're, putting out more stuff than what you're giving us you. So why can't you give us an idea of whether or not there is a linkage? Are we talking about a potential serial killer? People in these communities have a right to know. I'll give you an update with respect to the DS Fowler investigation. So at that point, I think some of the questions that you're asking may be answered with respect to the nature of a person's death. You know these are fluid complex, dynamic investigations and we need to be able to number one verify the information that we have and then also confirm that the information is accurate. Information is coming in on a momentary basis, so we're getting all kinds of new information and we need to determine first that the information is accurate before we're able or in a position to share that information externally. But it's been you, he was found Friday, correct, correct, okay, Saturday Sunday with now Monday. You can't tell us whether this was a homicide, yet not even we're not even asking about a weapon we're asking if it's a homicide or not. At this point, the investigation is ongoing. That's all we're in a position to say we can tell you that we're looking to identify this man and that, if you have information about this man, we're us you're asked to call police so we're just going to transition now I'm going to change a few of the the items on the board. Purple man so will remain, and if you have further questions for him, I will provide an update with respect to the DS Fowler investigation, I'm just going to change a few things here. Thanks for your patience, okay, good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much again for joining us. My name is sergeant Janelle short and I'm, a media relations officer with the BC RCMP I'm here today. To give you an update with respect to the investigation into the deaths of Lukas, Fowler and China DS, which occurred in northern British Columbia last last week, the investigation into the double homicide of 23 year old, Lukas, Fowler and 24 year-old China DS continues to progress. Investigators from the North, District and BC RCMP major crime units are continuing their efforts. We can now confirm that China and Lucas were the victims of gun violence and that their van, a 1986 blue Chevrolet van with Alberta plates was owned by locus Fowler and was being used by the couple to explore. Northern British Columbia investigators are working through a number of tips and tasks, including speaking with individuals who so saw or spoke to the couple analyzing forensic and digital evidence, along with reviewing hours of CCTV and dashcam video footage. The number and types of specialized services and units and investigators continues to fluctuate, based on investigative need today, we're asking for the public's assistance in identifying a man whom investigators wish to speak with the man. Seen in this composite sketch was seen speaking to Lucas on the evening of July 14th 2019 on highway. 97 he is described as Caucasian with darker skin and dark hair he's shorter than Lucas, who stood 6 foot 3 and has a possible beard or glasses. The man may be associated to an older model, Jeep Grand, Cherokee, sorry, Jeep Cherokee, with a black stripe on the hood and black light, or bull bar with small lights with covers, he was believed to have been traveling south. In addition to the composite sketch on our website, we will be releasing video footage taken at a gas station in fort nelson on July 13th 2019, that video surveillance footage shows the couple arriving in Lucas's van at approximately 7:30 p.m. and departing the gas station at 7:47 p.m. all those materials will be available on our website. Following this media availability, the Fowler family have arrived from British Columbia and have been meeting with the police over the course of the last few days. The DS family continue to receive regular updates with respect to the investigation and currently have no plans to visit British Columbia. The BC coroner's service is continuing their investigation into these deaths and will not be providing further updates. At this time. The Fowler family has graciously agreed to be here this afternoon and Chief Inspector Stephen Fowler will join us following the media availability to provide some brief contents comments. Police are again appealing to the public to come forward and speak with investigators about any interactions or conversations that you had with China or Lucas about observations regarding their van we've also seen on social and mainstream media, many accounts from people who have information for investigators and it is imperative, prior to sharing that information with anybody else that you speak to our investigations. So you can give us that information firsthand and your first account if you have information in relation to the man seen in this composit sketch and can help us identify him or information. Information relating to China or Lucas death, or their van you're asked to call the major crime tip line at one eight, seven, seven, five, four, three: four: eight: two: two or locally seven, seven, eight, two: nine zero, five, two nine one. We have two major investigations within the northern BC. We are mindful that this is an area of seasonal tourists and travelers and campers from abroad, as well as motorists and businesses moving from BC Alberta and the Northwest Territories, the Yukon and Alaska. We are asking those who have may have been in the area during the times we've listed and may have information or seen anything or have dashcam video -. Please call our tipline with respect to public safety. We share the concerns that are raised. Given the tragic and unusual nature of these two investigations that we have underway. We would like to stress the importance of heightened vigilance, an awareness for anybody traveling in and around the area. We encourage people to camp in known or established areas and locations. In addition, general safety precautions continue to prevail, make sure your families aware and have a plan make sure your family is aware of what your plan is establish check-in times and provide updates stick to those update times. If your chance plans change, please ensure your family and contacts are aware. Thank you. I want to be clear. This man is not a suspect. He is a person with whom investigators wish to speak and are interested in speaking to with respect to the the vehicle he was last believed to be associated with is a older model, Jeep Cherokee, with a black stripe on the hood so similar to a racing stripe that would go from the lights up to the windshield, a black light or bull bar with small lights, which were covered. He was believed to have been traveling southbound. Now we recognize that this man may not benefit he. The investigators are interested in speaking to him. So if this is you or you know this- who this is, we ask you to? Please call our tipline so that investigators can contact you. You know what I don't have that detail. If I can get it to you, David I, will we had heard from a witness that on the Sunday night there was an individual who was seen with mr. Fowler and Miss DS, and there seemed to be some sort of hid. Exchange going on is: is this the same person that was talking to Lucas? You believe so. The information that we have is that there was a man who was seen speaking to Lucas Fowler, and that is the individual that you see in this composite sketch here. With regards to the heated exchange, that's not the information that I have. There was a conversation. My understanding is and that that's why investigators are looking to speak with this individual who may have information, did the witness provide, though any and the one who gave this this sketch give any indication of what they may have heard. As far as what the tone was of that conversation, what was happening at the time, it's my understanding that there were no words that the witness could speak to you, that they witness it as they were driving by and then provided the composite sketch. Can you elaborate any more on a potential motive for the double homicide here, I mean you referenced. How concerning it is to the public. Can you definitively rule out? The public is not at risk from this. You know. Potentially you also can't rule out that it is potentially a serial killer. At this point, can you say: were these two targeted? Was it a crime of opportunity, motive: sexual assault robbery? Can you give the public any sort of information in that regard? Yeah I mean Sarah I recognize that those are questions that you really want to have answers to, and those are questions we're looking for the answers to as well. We are absolutely looking for anybody who has information with respect to that, and certainly you know as the investigations. As you know, investigations are fluid and dynamic, and we have information coming in we're. Certainly looking for the answers to that those questions that you're asking as well, we we we can't say definitively they are. We certainly are open to those possibilities and our investigators are speaking to each other, sharing information and certainly looking at the possibility of that they may be linked, understandably, that this isn't. You know it's unusual to have two major investigations undergoing of this nature in northern BC. At the same time, and so we recognize that there is a possibility of that base could be linked. How concerning is that just I mean from the perspective of the RCMP? This is obviously has international media attention on it. This is very rare that we would see something like this: a potential serial killer on the loose and a very remote part of the province. How concerning is that to you as an RCMP member, seeing something like this well I mean I I recognize that there are concerns with respect to people's safety and I want to ensure that people are aware that we're doing everything that we can in order to ensure that we can advance this investigation to the best of our abilities and find the person or persons responsible. You know we're reassuring the public that to taste safe to proper safety precautions and ensure that you have a plan and I mean I, recognize that there are concerns and we're doing the best that we can and we have resources that are able to to surge and support those investigations and have surged in and in in support in the investigations was miss DS, sexually assaulted. You know, I, don't have any information relating to that. Well, I. Don't have specific statistics relating to that I can tell you that in my time here it is unusual, I mean we. We have seen homicides but generally speaking, not of this nature. At this point, there's no indications that any previous or ongoing investigations relating to highway 16 are related to these investigations in northern British Columbia. At this point, do you believe the suspect might still be in the province? Have you engaged authorities in the Yukon in Alaska, I mean we're sharing information with everybody, and that I mean the investigation is ongoing and active, and that would be part of any just like here today. We're sharing information with the public, because we want to get information. So certainly we are sharing with policing partners nationally internationally across provincial. Have we been in touch, though, with policing partners in the Yukon and and in Alaska? Certainly we're sharing, just as we would in any investigation. That would be part of our investigative protocols in order to share information so that, if somebody has information that can help us support our investigation that they get in touch so just last question here: yeah I mean certainly in I mean at this point we're looking for anybody that has dashcam video. We recognize that that is. You know one of the advantages of now technology that a lot of people have dashcam, video or may have been out and taking nature shots and seeing this very identifiable, 1986, blue van or have information relating to China and and mr. Fowler in other regards so I mean yes, there are. There are some some difficulties. That being said, you know we are the RCMP and we have the ability to bring resources in specialized resources in and and standalone in an operational capacity should that be required. But certainly we recognize that you know we are still asking for for people. If you have not already spoken to police, you have dashcam video or you have information relating to their disappearance to police call. Our tipline are you operating on the theory that cam and briar are alive or dead, absolutely we're hopeful that they are alive, and anybody with information in relation to that investigation is also asked to call our tipline I. Don't believe that that it that we're entertaining that as a as a possibility at this point, we are certainly investigating them as missing persons and we're hopeful that they are going to get in contact with us when they see this news information and this broadcast going out. But I don't believe that that is something that we're looking at at this point, we are investigating them as missing persons at this point, so the father is Chief Inspector Stephen Fowler is here and I want to allow him an opportunity to come in and say a few words and have an opportunity to see you and speak with you, so don't want to delay that much more I will be available after. If you have questions, please feel free to email me. So, chief inspector good afternoon, as you know, I may be an experienced police officer, but today, I'm standing here is the father of the murder victim. We are just distraught. This is really torn two families apart, our son Lucas was having the time of his life traveling the world. He met a beautiful young lady and they teamed up they're a great pair and they fell in love. We were overjoyed for Lucas, he came to Canada and he planned a trip in a van with China we'd been talking about it, we'd been discussing his trip and he communicated with us as they were, leaving what happened after that time will tell I guess we are hopeful of a positive outcome and obviously we're appealing, along with the RM CP, for anyone to contact who may have any information whatsoever. However, little please contact the police I'll take questions. There are some difficulties with the dates because of the time, differences between Australia and Canada, but we were in contact within hours of him. Leaving on this trip look Lucas was was just a fun-loving guy who you know had a goal to travel the world. He he saved up all his money. Whilst he was working in Sydney. He set out on an adventure with a mate along that tour. He met China and they became an inseparable pair. You know it's, it's a love story, that's ended! Tragically, it really is it's the worst ever love story, because we now have two young people who had everything ahead of them tragically murdered. Mr. Fowler you've brought some colleagues with you to BC wondering if you can just speak to the capacity that they are here with you and your family and and how they are taking part in the investigation, if at all, I'm very grateful to the Commissioner of New South, Wales Police, the police and the Australian government have bent over backwards for my family and I. They have provided me with support and part of that support that was offered was the services of two of our detectives to act as liaison between the family and the RM CP. We've got no specific plans in place at this stage, we're taking it a day at a time, it's extremely difficult for all of us and we just hope to be able to take a breath and, as I say, we work in communication because of where he was. We were using services available at the time, but within hours of him leaving I know, there's been a lot of speculation, but look as an experienced police officer. I know how these investigations go. My family I are more than satisfied with the resources of the RM CP that they're putting into this and I can tell you. I am more than confident in the commitment of all the officers who are working on this case. Mr. Fowler, maybe if you feel comfortable speaking to it, you kind of addressed it when you first got to the podium, but you're used to doing what we are seeing Sargent doing in New, South Wales. How surreal is it for you to be sort of on the other side of of this tragic situation here in Canada? Look at it as the police officer. You you work with families all the time and you get a feel for the lay of the land as you as you see, but nothing prepares me. Nothing prepares my family for what we are going through now, I'm not going to be drawn into anything in relation to the investigations that are taking place by the RNC Pete, spelling.