This morning, at approximately 10 a.m. RCMP officers located two male bodies in the dense brush within one kilometer, from where the items were found. This is approximately eight kilometers from where the burnt vehicle was located at this time. We believe these are the bodies of the two suspects wanted in connection with the homicides in British Columbia. An autopsy is being scheduled in Winnipeg to confirm their identities and to determine their cause of death to the families of everyone affected by the series of events over the last few weeks. I know it has been so very difficult and I hope. Today's announcement can begin to bring some closure. I want to thank the communities and the leadership of gilliam Fox Lake Cree Nation, Ilford, War, Lake, First, Nation and York Landing. Your lives have been disrupted. Many of you lived with uncertainty and fear, but throughout you were resilient. You came together as communities and you helped our officers get the job done to the officers involved in the search. I. Commend you for your determination, your innovation for never giving up and for working night and day to bring this search to a conclusion. This was a search that could not have been successfully achieved without the help from our partners and Canadian Armed Forces I'm, confident that it is them but there to identify them officially and and caught. You know to to be sure we have to go to autopsy. I, don't have an answer for that. It's a very dense place. It's a difficult place to find anybody, as I said earlier, very tough terrain, lots of lots of land as well. It's it's a huge area that we're looking at it's it's very hard to pinpoint anything in such a dense terrain. Yes, it was which are specialized. Our CIP resources were in the area and they were doing a foot search, I'm. Afraid I can't speak to that right. Now, it's very, very dense brush is what I can tell you very thick, very difficult to work your way through there's no trails, it's it's just very thick brush very dense and it's a huge area we were searching before. We didn't have any information to pinpoint us to a specific search area where we could do a much more detailed search. The items we did find on the shoreline gave us that opportunity to pinpoint that search and therefore do a much more detailed search of the area. I can't speak to that right now. I'm sorry you'd have to talk to my colleagues in British Columbia they're investigating the homicides themselves. I don't have any information of those I'm afraid not.