Hello good afternoon, so my name is corporal Julie Kragh Shane I'm, the media relations officer here for the Manitoba RCMP. So I'm gonna read a statement in English, followed by the French and then I'll take some questions so as a search for can McLeod and Breyers Miguel ski continues, we are able to provide the following update. Officers have conducted and continued to search high probability areas of interest in gilliam in the gilliam area. Investigators continue to follow up on tips, review the physical and digital evidence collected and share information with police forces across Canada over the next 72 hours. Investigators will conduct door-to-door canvasses in the town of Gilliam and Fox Lake Cree Nation in hopes of generating new tips and information residents in these areas can be assured that we are activating all necessary resources to protect the public and officer safety. Our investigators are also exploring the possibility that the suspects may have inadvertently received assistance in leaving the area to restate. There have been no confirmed sightings outside of the Gilliam area. However, we remain open to the possibility ken MacLeod and Brian briars schmegle ski may have changed their appearance. It is possible that someone may not have been aware of who they were providing assistance to and may now be hesitant to come forward. I want to reiterate the importance of contacting police immediately. It is critical that all Canadians remain vigilant for cam McLeod and briers Miguel ski if they are spotted, do not approach call 911 or your local police immediately. I also want to stress the importance of not creating and sharing online. The spreading of false information in communities across Manitoba has created. Fear and panic. Be assured that this is our bet, that is, it is in our best interest to share confirmed facts as soon as possible, both in advancing our investigation and with respect to public safety soldiers. Reading in French Tandy cabeza shall fall to v-cam MacLeod eBrush Miguel ski supposed to be Newsome's are Mozilla phone in La, Mesa, Jude savant, a new demondo, the new old lade do public Nepali. She continued to effectuate her shelf Donnelly's owned in today a probability la vie de sector, - Gilliam lizica to continue defects. You a mystery video Sangma, the examinee liquid material in numeric and eqe in the pathology. This infamous univocally service, - police, -, tula Canada, oh cool. This was not dues. Prussian lay our key terminology pot, a pot for internal Gailey. It is lazy down - Gilliam, a de la nación Creed, the Fox Lake, a faint atonte doctor near de nouveaux, announcing MA Sashi - Lea resource necessary on si, deploy a dance, a sexual offender parte de la securite. Do public ad policy, no sound on Keitel, Explorer or seal a possibility, a suspect I received up in Avatar in FL, tongs to leave pocket a less sector, theater kokin observers. You know not a taken female Alex Taniya do sector -, Gilliam, mecha, new knockouts, opposite possibility, pulling stuff; Ken MacLeod a Breyers Miguel ski on potato muddyfeet, lil apparels calf care on a few days. Edy salsa vodka stone it is it potato as a manifest II? Just you today can I important to communicate emails. Yet mom avec la pas des la estancia, Cotulla Kennedy vest a la 3d camera cloud. A Breyers Miguel si si vous le voy a novel approach, a pas de a compose, a learner who Apple a butler service to police, immediately Justino sia. Stealing a can, they kill a important in a path we create new protege. Today. Is we mail online lapel, Tosh Dafoe, now saying mom dolly community, many so ban a crate to like paint. It lay nice attitude. So yesterday, Kelly Donovan enter at the cottage, a dinner saying, ma coffee, mein, dekha, possibly and faint affair, Evan Sri Lanka, a dusty de la securite public. Alright, so I can take some questions. However, the changes in weather impacted the way you guys are searching. I think obviously we're going to take all that into consideration and we have a lot of resources up there and the teams that are up there are obviously you know doing things depending on on what can be done. What could the significant weather changes like we've seen up there like almost 15 degrees? What could that mean for the suspects could have mean anything? I can't really speculate on that I mean we're up there and we're searching and were you know, conducting everything in regards to say the investigation. How was all this stretching for these resources? We do have lots of resources, not just from Manitoba but outside from other provinces, so I mean obviously it's tough terrain up there I mean our officers are searching in. You know kilometers into dense forests, muskeg and all that so so it is tough. Could we could I ask the same question, but in French please the the the same question about the conditions over there oui littering is difícil no policia guava, no silva paseo pain, pain, the kilometer, father it'll, be a Nordic dance met. You see, free AV daily bottom are a bar Donny, sorry for the delay. No, not as far as I know. What our plea today is that if anyone in and around those communities may have inadvertently helped them get out of the community and we're just saying if someone did - just please come forward, I mean they may have different appearances. Maybe these people didn't realize that they were helping them, so we're just asking them to come forward, so they could be long gone in theory we don't really know. But how are you sure this? That's? Why we're here right? Our last confirmed sighting is in gilliam area, so that's where our resources are now, but we are still exploring all possibilities of that yeah. Yes, we are. We have received I, think four tips over 120 tips in the last few days so still and we're going through all those as well I, just noticed identified. Very few of them are credible like how does that hard? Well, I think our investigative team is going through them and as soon as we can confirm that one of them are is accurate or something that we need to tell you. We are gonna going to tell you, because it's in our best interest, we need the public's help. So in regards to the folder that was circulating today, yes, we have, we have we have spoken to them. It does appear to be an instance where a photo was taken and then ended up being unintentionally circulated on social media, but we have confirmed that. That is not the suspect. If you find this and user like this in the middle of the night or set up some other sort of communication, or is it something you're gonna keep close to the chest for hours and let us know I think it all depends on the circumstances in the situation and how things unfold so I can't say exactly what that might look like how much time do you think someone can survive in that those conditions? If we don't know, if they're they have water food, but is there like a time line, you say well in a week it would be really really hard for them in two weeks it would be impossible. Do you have an idea about that? I? Don't think I'm gonna speculate on that, because there could be a lot of things that play. However, like I said we're in there we're in that community and we're we're searching from different provinces, probably training in different environments like I think so we have a long officers from here as well as outside of Manitoba and I. Think we all want the same thing. We want to find these suspects, so we are working hard to try and do that as quick as we can the misinformation. So in regards to to rumors and things spreading that that we have seen over social media, we want people to maybe be aware. Where are you getting your information? If you have some information, send it to us, so we can confirm it right, don't start spreading things that aren't verified. You know we are going to confirm details as much as we can throughout the investigation. So let us be the trusted source where you get that information and if for the people out there that are seeing things are or what-have-you send it to us call us, and we can verify all that I think we've seen some misinformation and some stuff come in I mean obviously with this photo of the suspect, like they look similar right so and we want people to call us call us and say hey. This is out there and at least we're on it, and we can determine the validity of that and how many else are we talking about here and it's going to involve certain garages sheds I, don't have numbers on the houses, obviously they're smaller communities. However yeah we're gonna, you know, go door-to-door, try and generate some. You know tips, possibly possibly someone, maybe there's something that seemed insignificant to them, and maybe it's something that will really help us in our investigation. So that's why we're doing it and what we're trying to achieve- and we will be you know in the areas doing that. So we want the the people in those communities to know that yes, so we have been all around those areas and searching some of those abandoned and vacant out buildings that do belong to hydro any thought given to bringing in the military from state 1717 you in Chicago. So right now, I'm not going to talk to specific numbers of officers and the reason is just for the safety of our officers and like tactics and stuff like that there. But there are a number of resources and we're always looking at what else we can do. What about the military question? Is that something that has been entertained? I think you know what right now we'll have to see where we go. I, don't have all the information on exactly the plan from here. I think, like I said before our last confirmed, sighting was July 22nd in the gilliam area, but obviously like as I'm here today to say: hey did anyone maybe inadvertently assist them, could be the same thing right, we're not we're exploring all possibilities and keeping that open and reminding all Canadians to be vigilant. Fear of going around is there besides we're just waiting for an update. Is there a way for people to contact the RCP just to kind of get some information use anyone Spears, so I, don't I, don't understand the question: can you just wait? Yeah I think will confer like we're getting a lot of people contacting us, and so once we have something that we can confirm, we will let you know so in regards to the weekend and press conferences. I think it will depend on what is what happens within the investigation and if there is something that we can update, you with I was going to desertion I clearly, so that the Clear Lake incident is not really like. It's been unfounded, so it's it's nothing to do with with our suspects. So thank you very much and as soon as we have more information, we will be back to share that with you.