How did how did it go there? Well some difficult terrain, but we had our search team with six officers deployed in two locations today, focusing on where the burned vehicle was located and where we discovered the bodies and we conducted some thorough searches around those locations yeah. Well, we split into two teams and one team was focusing on where the bodies were located and another was focused on where we found some property days prior. Did you find anything new today? As far as evidence goes, we found a item whether or not it's relevant to the investigation. The investigators will look at it and determine if it's, if there's a relevance, so one item in the one location. Yes, we have another area to go search yet from here. Oh you're, hiding. Yes, we've completed the search along the river in this area and now we're going to be traveling to another site to conduct another search: okay, not by boat. No, this one we can drive to this is actually the site we're going to now is where the vehicle was located. Gotcha, okay, so area around where body was found. One item was spotted, and now you were headed to the location where the yeah that's correct. No, the idea is just to see if there's anything that might have been missed on the initial search and to be more thorough and see if we can kind of wrap this up any. No. It's just like saying it's related to the investigation and it may may be involved in or may not be for our search team. This is our first. The preliminary search would have been with ground crews at the time this crew we have in now that I'm, a part of search and rescue, is more more trained on either searching for people or, in this case evidence searching, which is what we're focused on today. So is this just standard protocol, or is it because this is such a high-profile case? You came out to know this is in a lot of homicide investigations in this province and I would imagine in every division. This is what you'll do is you'll, send your search team to basically calm the area even tighter, to see if you missed anything, it would have been 2 or 3 hours. These locations coming up yeah, depending on the time frame. Yeah we've probably need a couple hours to conduct a thorough search. Now, have you been to that where the bodies were found? I've heard a lot about it. I've seen the area around it, I haven't been able to access that because it's difficult to reach. What's it like seeing the terrain firsthand, it's it's always been described over the past couple weeks as dense. Rugged that almost doesn't describe it. It is even more difficult than I would have imagined the riverbanks, and a lot of these locations can be anywhere 60 80 100 feet high with slopes right to the water. The currents is extremely fast-moving as soon as you kind of get walk into the bush, the bugs that are all over you so like they're, not kidding when they say this is harsh terrain. It's it's really it's difficult to describe it based on locations like I say that they were on the run and there's the spot where they ended up. It's like you say they kept moving, and this is where they stopped and like I said, is the terrain. They were in I guess they just decided like this is as far as it's going to go and like I say it's - even to reach that spot is it's difficult to walking and yeah any idea how they may have died like what it appears from? Well, those results. That's what we're waiting for confirmations from the autopsies which I imagine I believe was carried out after yesterday or this morning, and then those results will be made provided to our colleagues in BC and who I believe will be providing then that information next week. So the autopsy is done. My nurse and they've been completed at this time, and so BC will be getting it next week for sure whether or not the public gets the results is another story yeah. It's the they'll make that determination, whether they want to share that information with the public. Yeah the issue, to like say a lot of times if we had been searching this I would say last week at this time we would have had escorts, providing basically a cover. While we do our work, so we don't want to be potential targets, considering how we're dressed for a search and rescue team is. The idea is to be visible. Well, we don't want to be visible to perhaps suspects who may be armed, so the idea now is these subjects were recovered and now it's we believe the area to be more secure to conduct proper searching. What what other information can we find out from the autopsy, so obviously the cause of death? What any can anything else significant come out of this autopsy for police? Well, you know important for us is confirming identities and determining cause of death is determining. You know. Is that homicide? Is it self-inflicted? Those are all pieces, the pathologists are experts on and they can provide that information for investigators that might be difficult to ascertain a motive. It's just the ideas. You know you want to be able to link people to certain property. Can we link someone to a crime? Can we find their trail? You know these people make movies that they make leave, notes something information might come from somewheres from some sorts they may have talked to someone prior to them, leaving like I, say, there's still a lot of people. We probably need to speak to a lot of pieces to put together. That's when you put it all up together, so wait a minute. This could be an idea. It's like saying. We can't prove all these ideas is just trying to put everything on paper and just to see. What's the picture that it paints for us.