We begin with two disturbing cases playing out in northern BC. One involves a young tourist couple found dead on a remote stretch of highway. The other two teenagers gone missing, their vehicle lit on fire and a body found nearby police, say complex investigations are underway, but it's possible. The two cases are connected: they're, appealing to the public for information and they're, urging people in the region to be safe. We would like to stress the importance of heightened vigilance and awareness for anybody traveling in and around the area. We encourage people to camp in known or established areas and locations. In addition, general safety precautions continue to prevail. Make sure your family's aware and have a plan make sure your family's aware of what your plan is. Let's begin with a double-murder of Australian Lukas Fowler and his American girlfriend China DS. Here's footage of the couple fueling up at a gas station on Sunday July 14th hours later, their bodies were found on B C's, Alaska Highway, Road crews, who were among the first on scene, confirmed to global news. They saw a third man with a couple before they died and there were concerns, then that something was wrong. Gobbo B, C's natty, a Stewart, is in Fort Nelson tonight with the latest Nadia Robyn, it's unclear if the couple was targeted or victims of an unfortunate circumstance. The road crew worker, who was immediately called to hold a scene, says what he saw there kept him up at night for days. Trevor Pierre says he got the call that a young couple had been found dead. He remembered seeing the blue Chevy van. The couple was driving parked on the highway the night before, but he was not prepared for what he saw when he walked around to the back of the vehicle. The guys this area was exposed, and there is a little wound there. I couldn't tell what kind of wound and the young lady they're both mean facing north. The young lady can see her face. Cuz her hair was back and he not that you can see blood. It had papa stand right here says he did his best not to contaminate the crime scene. Pierre held the scene for four hours waiting for RCMP to arrive. My boss had said that there was three speaking there there's only two, but there was another vehicle, she'd spotted another vehicle, and she did that to the same people. The question now is: who is that? Third, individual, these unanswered questions? Have people feeling unsettled here back to you, Robin Nadia, Stewart NBC, the father of Lucas Fowler is a police inspector in Australia. He travelled to BC after learning of his son's death. It's a love story. That's ended! Tragically, it really is it's the worst ever love story, because we now have two young people who had everything ahead of them tragically murdered. The investigation is still in its early stages, but police say it's possible. It may be connected to another crime, about 470, kilometers away. That's where police found a truck on fire last Friday. They believe it belonged to two teenagers who are now missing. They haven't been heard from in several days, adding to the mystery police say they found the body of a male about two kilometres from where the truck was burned. Police have confirmed the body does not belong to either of the teens.