The silver cross is a Medal of Honor, wrapped in deep sadness. I think it is important that Canadians remember what a war costs the cost to ran Sampson da her youngest child Matthew. He was smart funny mischievous adventurous. There was nothing to stop him. Matthew, like his three older brothers, signed up for a career in military service. The ties in this family run deep. Their father, Peter dog is a retired leftenant Colonel because they were so enthusiastic about it like I went along with it and supported them in their choices and I knew that they would do a very good job of it. Matthew watched two of his brothers serve in Afghanistan and come home. Then in 2007 it was his turn. He was 27 married with a young son. Global News happened to cover a part of his deployment. Our platoon right now is providing security on the flanks for these guys, as they're going through his mother knew the risks. I was very worried, but her role was to remain stoic and supportive. Matt wouldn't allow me to express any fear or doubts and in fact there they're all like that. It's hard enough on them. You know they decided on the profession and they will do whatever they're asked to do because that's what they signed for, and we have to respect that. But that doesn't mean that when I'm on my own I can have my little mini breakdown on July 4th 2007, the vehicle Matthew was in hit a 500-pound bomb buried in the road. He was killed instantly along with five other Canadian soldiers and an Afghan interpreter that same day, Matthew's son, Lucas turned to we've told so many things about his there. That I think he probably feels a time that he knows him quite well. Samson doth still tries to give back to the country that cost her family so much. She volunteers with a charity that promotes education for women and girls in Afghanistan. It's one way to carry on the mission of all the people who win there. Every Remembrance Day they honor him at the Cenotaph near the shore of Lake. Ontario looks good. Doesn't it the place? I always feel it's a good place to come in near me. She knows she's not alone in her grief, as silvercross mother shall represent all mothers like her I want to do so with dignity and and thinking about them. All you know, sharing their grief like I I have grief and I certainly understand what they're going through. That's one of the things that I miss the most about not hearing his laughter anymore but I. Remember it so clearly, I can just close my eyes and I can hear him laugh and and I yeah I just know he's still there and I'm sure I'll see him again.