Seventy-Five years after the death of Louisville Magua, the village of on gurney renamed its school after the Canadian soldier, the New Brunswick private, was shot and killed here on d-day defending his regiment. This is awful. The mayor said it was important to choose a regular soldier rather than an officer, but vamos family story is far from normal. He initially lied about his age to join the war effort, despite the concerns of his parents. That decision cost him his life and devastated his family back in Keswick New Brunswick. When we at Global News first found out about the school dedication we wanted to see if any of valmont's descendants would be attending, we were introduced to an amateur genealogist in Keswick, a community of just one thousand people. Sylvio do God didn't just know of the family. He grew up with him. The family came to graduation in the 1940s. Brannan was the youngest one and Shannon was came to school with me in the same class, so a new version in their will is done. A week before the ceremony we contacted Jeanine to talk to her about her big brother. She told us she wasn't going to the ceremony, but only because no one had told her about it right, I didn't know at all, I couldn't understand what was going on, because I didn't even know about the ceremonies we actually had to convince her. Our calls weren't part of an elaborate phone scam once Jeanine knew it was real. She knew even at age 84 what had to happen next. Initially, we were talking about you going to Fredericton. Yes, during our conversation, you went yeah and I had decided, I was holding her own, her children had doubts, but Janine had conviction. So it was decided. One of her sons and nephew Val, Moll, never met would join her said no you're, not going there alone. What happens if you're far and finally, they decided what was the one that was one of them. That was kind of a last-minute preparation from Edmundston june. To my trio from montreal get the tickets to this. It was a rush just days to prepare for a moment. 75 years in the making Janine and her son Paul late additions as guests of honor in the village, they even stayed in the mayor's home. No, no I had no coming so I'm glad I came I'll, be back see the friends I have made here her family's remarkable journey now forever a story of remembrance and discovery. Redmond Shannon global news on gurney France.