We're moving on no understanding just reiterate in the five minute rule. Mr. moe I have several questions, meaning of which that you just answer will be kind question here in a moment, but I want to lay some foundation so we'll go through these fairly quickly. I'll talk slowly, I'm said that I talk fast I will talk slowly. Thank you. In your press conference, you stated any testimony from your office would not go beyond our report. We chose these words carefully. The work speaks for itself. I would not provide information beyond that which is already public in any appearance before Congress. Do you stand by that statement? Yes, this is closed in special counsel's office in May of 2019. Have you conducted any additional interviews or obtained any new information in your role as Special Counsel since the since the closing of the office in May of 2019? Have you don't get any new interviews and any new witnesses? Anything, and you can't confirm you're, no longer special counsel, correct I have no longer special counsel at any time with the investigation, was your investigation controlled or curtailed or stopped or hindered? No were you or your team providing any questions, members of Congress or the majority ahead of your hearing today. No, your report states that your investigative team included 19 lawyers and approximately 40 FBI agents and analysts infer counter, so those numbers accurate. Could you repeat that please 40 FBI agents, 19 lawyers, intelligence, analysts and forensic accountants, so those numbers accurate? This was a report generally. Yes, is it also true that you issued over 220 800 subpoenas executed nearly 500 search warrants obtained more than 230 orders for communication records and 50 pen registers that wait a little fast for me. Okay, in your report, I made this very simple. You did a lot of work, correct, yeah, a lot of subpoenas a lot of pen register, subpoenas: okay, we'll walk this really slow, but now search warrants. That's all right! A lot of search warrants a lot of things, so you're very thorough. You want your opinion very thorough. You listed this out in your report. Correct! Yes, thank you! Is it true? The evidence gathered during your investigation, given the questions that you've just answered? Is it true? The evidence gathered during your investigation did not establish that the president was involved in the underlying crime related to Russian election interference. As stated in volume 1 page 7, we found insufficient evidence of the president's called culpability, so that will be yes without that be yes, yes, thank you. Isn't it true? The evidence did not establish the president or those close to him were involved in the charge, Russian computer, hacking or active measure conspiracies or that the president, otherwise that unlawful relationships with any Russian official volume, 2 page 76, correct a report. So a yes is that any true, your investigation did not establish that members of the Trump campaign conspired are coordinated with Russian government in the election, interference activity, volume, 1 page 2 volume, 1 page 173. Thank you. Yes, yes, thank you. Although your report, states collusion, is not so specific offense and you said that this morning, or a term of art and federal criminal law of conspiracy is in the colloquial context, are collusion and conspiracy essentially synonymous terms. You're gonna have to repeat that, for me, collusion is not a specific offense or a term of art. In the federal criminal law, conspiracy is yes in the colloquial context, known public context, collusion collusion and conspiracy, or essentially synonymous terms correct. No, if no on page 180 of Volume, one of your report, you wrote, as defined in legal dictionaries. Collusion is largely synonymous with conspiracy, as that crime is set forth in the general federal conspiracy statute, 18 USC 371, you said at your May 29th press conference, and here today you choose your words carefully. Are you sitting here today testifying something different than what your report states asking is? If you can give me, the citation I can look at the citation and evaluate whether it is okay. Let me just be clarified, you say did that you would say within the report. I just stated your report back to you, and you said that collusion collusion and conspiracy were not synonymous terms. That was your answer was no in that page 180 of volume, 1 of your report. It says, as defined in legal dictionaries, collusion largely synonymous with conspiracy as that crime is set forth in general conspiracy statute, 18 USC 371. Now you said you chose your words carefully. Are you contradicting your report right now? Not when I read it? So you change your answer to yes, then no language, I'm reading your report, sir? It's a yes or no answer: h1 80, page 180 volume 1. This is from your report. Correct and I leave it with the report. So the report says yes, they are synonymous, hopefully for finally out of your own report, we can put to bed the collusion and conspiracy. One last question is we're going through. Did you ever look into other countries investigated in the Russians interference into our election? What other countries investigated or found knowledge that they had embarrassed our election I'm not going to discuss other matters that a good morning director if you'll? Let me quickly summarize your opening statement. This morning, you said in volume 1 on the issue of conspiracy, the special counsel determined that the investigation did not establish that members of the Trump campaign conspired or coordinated with the Russian government, its election interference activities and then in volume. 2. For reasons that you explained, the special counsel did not make a determination on whether there was an obstruction of justice crime committed by the president. Is that fair? Yes, sir, all right now in explaining that Special Counsel did not make what you called a traditional prosecution or declination decision? The report on the bottom of page two of volume 2 reads as follows: the evidence we obtained about the president's actions and intent presents difficult issues that prevent us from conclusively determining that no criminal conduct occurred accordingly. While this report does not conclude that the president committed a crime, it also does not exonerate him. Now. I read that correctly. Yes, all right now your report, and today you said at all times the special counsel team operated under was guided by and followed Justice Department policies and principles, so which DOJ policy or principle sets forth a legal standard that an investigated person is not exonerated if their innocence from criminal conduct is not conclusively determined. Can you repeat the last part of that question yeah, which DOJ policy or principle set forth a legal standard that an investigated person is not exonerated if their innocence from critical criminal conduct is not conclusively determined? Where does that language come from director? Where is the DOJ policy that says that? Can you let me make it easier go ahead. Can you give me an example, other than Donald Trump, where the Justice Department determined that an investigated person was not exonerated, because their innocence was not conclusively determined. I cannot, but this is unique. Okay! Well, you can't time is short. I've got five minutes. Let's just leave it it. You can't find it because I'll tell you why it doesn't exist, the special counsels job. Nowhere does it say that you were to conclusively determine Donald Trump's innocence or that the special counsel report should determine whether or not to exonerate them. It's not in any of the documents. It's not in your appointment order. It's not in the special counsel regulations. It's not in the OLC opinions, it's not in the justice manual and it's not in the principles of federal prosecution. No, where do those words appear together because respectfully respectfully director, it was not the special counsels job to conclusively determine Donald, Trump's innocence or to exonerate him, because the bedrock principle of our justice system is a presumption of innocence. It exists for everyone. Everyone is entitled to it, including sitting presidents and because there is a presumption of innocence, prosecutors never ever need to conclusively determine it now, director the special counsel applied. This inverted burden of proof that I can't find- and you said, doesn't exist anywhere in the department policies, and you used it to write a report and the very first line of your report. The very first line of your report says, and you, as you read this morning, it authorizes the special counsel to provide the Attorney General with a confidential report explaining the prosecution or declination decisions reached by the special counsel. That's the very first word of your report. Right, that's correct! Here's, the problem director. The special counsel, didn't do that on volume, one you did on volume, 2 with respect to potential obstruction of justice. The special counsel made neither a prosecution decision or a declination decision. You made no decision, you told us this morning and in your report that you made no determination so respectfully director, you didn't follow the special counsel regulations. It clearly says write a confidential report about decisions reached. Nowhere in here does it say: write a report about decisions that weren't reached. You wrote a hundred and eighty pages, a hundred and eighty pages about decisions that weren't reached about potential crimes that weren't charged or decided, and respectfully respectfully. By doing that, you managed to violate every principle and the most sacred of traditions about prosecutors, not offering extra prosecutorial analysis about potential crimes that aren't charged so Americans need to know this as they listen to the Democrats and socialists on the other side of the aisle, as they do dramatic readings from this report that volume two of this report was not authorized under the law to be written. It was written to a legal standard that does not exist at the Justice Department and it was written in violation of every DOJ principle about extra prosecutorial commentary. I agree with the chairman this morning when he said Donald Trump is not above the law. He's not, but he damn sure shouldn't be below the law, which is where volume two of this report puts him. Now your report spends 14 pages discussing the June, 9th 2016 Trump Tower meeting. It would be fair to say: would it not that you spent significant resources investigating that meeting? I refer you to the report. Okay and President Trump wasn't at the meeting. No thank you now in stark contrast to the actions of the Trump campaign. We know that the Clinton campaign did pay using GPS to gather dirt on the Trump campaign from persons associated with foreign governments, but your report doesn't mention a about fusion GPS in it and you didn't investigate fusion GPS as connections to rustier. So let me just ask you this: can you see that from neglecting to mention glen simpson in fusion gps is involvement with the clinton campaign to focusing on a brief meeting at the trump tower that produced nothing to ignoring the Clinton campaigns, own ties to fusion GPS? Why some view your report is a pretty one-sided attack on the president? All right and I would just note. Finally, that I guess it is by chance, by coincidence, that the things left out of the report tended to be favorable to the president, mr. Muller. Well, first, let me ask unanimous consent, mr. chairman, to submit this article robert mower unmasked, for the record without objection. Now, mr. Muller, who wrote the nine-minute comments, you read at your May 29th press conference. Okay, so that's what I thought you didn't write it. A 2013 puff piece in The, Washington Tony in about Comey, said. Basically, when Comey called you drop everything you were doing, it gave examples you, having dinner with your wife and daughter, Comey calls you drop everything and go if the article quoted Comey is saying: if a train were coming down, the track and I quote at least Bob Moore will be standing on the tracks with me, yeah you and James Comey have been good friends or good friends for eight. For many years correct we were business associates. We both started off in the Justice Department about you were good friends. You can work together and not be friends, but you were home. We were friends, we were friends. That's my question. Thank you for getting to the answer now before you were appointed as special counsel had you talked to James Comey in the preceding six months. No, when you were appointed as special counsel, was president Trump's firing, Komi, something you anticipated investigating, potentially obstruction to just get into that. That's a internal deliberation to the Justice Department. Actually, it goes to your credibility and maybe you've been away from the courtroom for a while. Credibility is always relevant. It's always material, and that goes for. You too goes for you too,.