It's fast become a familiar image. These asylum seekers crossing the US border in record numbers into Canada, sparking protests and fueling fears that violent criminals might be slipping through the cracks. A border officer in Manitoba was assaulted a couple of years ago by an asylum seeker with a criminal record. At the time the head of the border officers union was pushing for more funding for his members, and he gave this interview to the CBC over the past few weeks that, at lea round, 50% of the asylum seekers do have some serious criminality record the resulting headline, nearly half of border crossers have criminal records. The story and startling statistic received thousands of online shares comments and reactions often cited by those calling on the government to shut the door, but data obtained by Global News tells a much different story. 45,000 asylum seekers have crossed into Canada since 2017, and just a tiny fraction 0.3% have been found to have a serious criminal record. It would be very rare. Incredibly rare. This border officer turned university prof now studies immigration enforcement, the vast majority of those who make refugee claims. These are people who simply are seeking to find a better life. We asked the border officers union rep to explain where he got his information to support the claim that half of irregular border crossers were criminals. No, that's a very good question. He agrees that the actual number of those with a criminal record is less than 1% and says. His comments were taken out of context. The numbers at the time was on a given period. I think it was over a weekend and there was three of them. I do remember that certain media at spin it without being very precise. On the context. We asked the CBC to clarify the numbers in its story and have yet to receive a response, but as a reminder of how misinformation in Wars online, if you googled the question how many border crossers to Canada are criminals, one of the top results is that headline. Nearly half of illegal border crossers have criminal records, Jeff sample, Global, News, Toronto.