Good morning Sherman and learn the ranking member Collins and the members of the committee, as you know, in May 2017, the acting Attorney General asked me to serve as special counsel. I undertook undertook that role, because I believed that it was a paramount interest to the nation to determine whether a foreign adversary had interfered in the presidential election. As the acting Attorney General said at the time, the appointment was necessary in order for the American people to have full confidence confidence in the outcome. My staff and I carried out this assignment with that critical objective in mind to work quietly thoroughly and with integrity, so that the public would have full confidence in the outcome. The order appointing me as special counsel directed our office to investigate Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. This included investigating any links or coordination between the Russian government and individuals associated with the Trump campaign. It also included investigating efforts to interfere with or obstruct our investigation throughout. The investigation, I continually stressed two things to the team that we had assembled. First, we needed to do our work as thoroughly as possible and as expeditiously as possible. It was in the public interest for our investigation to be complete and not to last a day longer than was necessary. Second, the investigation needed to be conducted fairly and with absolute integrity. Our team would not leak or take other actions that could compromise the integrity of our work. All decisions were made based on the facts and the law. During the course of our investigation, we charged more than 30 defendants with committing federal crimes, including 12 officers of the Russian military. Seven defendants have been convicted or pled guilty certain of the charges we brought remain pending today and for those matters, I stress that the indictments contain allegations and every defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty. In addition to the criminal charges we brought as required by Justice Department regulations, we submitted a confidential report to the Attorney General at the conclusion of our investigation. The report set forth the results of our work and the reasons for our charging and declination decisions. The Attorney General later made to the purport, largely public. As you know, I made a few limited remarks, limited remarks about our report when we closed the special counsel's office in May of this year, but there are certain points that bear emphasis. First, our investigation found that the Russian government interfered in our election in sweeping and systematic fashion. Second, the investigation did not establish that members of the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government in its election interference activities. We did not address collusion, which is not a legal term. Rather, we focused on whether the evidence was sufficient to charge any member of the campaign with taking part in a criminal conspiracy, and it was not third, our investigation of efforts to obstruct the investigation and lie to investigators was of critical importance. Obstruction of justice strikes at the core of the government's effort to find the truth and to hold wrongdoers accountable. Finally, as described in volume 2 of our report, we investigated a series of actions by the president towards the investigation based on Justice Department policy and principles of fairness. We decided we would not make a determination as to whether the president committed crime. That was our decision then, and it remains our decision today. Let me say a further word about my appearance today. It is unusual for a prosecutor to testify about a criminal investigation and given my role as a prosecutor, there are reasons why my testimony of a testimony will necessarily be limited. First, public testimony could affect several ongoing matters in some of these matters. Court rules or judicial orders limit the disclosure of information to protect, to protect the fairness of the proceedings and consistent with long-standing Justice Department policy. It would be inappropriate for me to comment in any way that could affect an ongoing matter. Second, the Justice Department has asserted privileges concerning investigative information and decisions, ongoing matters within the Justice Department and deliberations within our office. These are Justice Department privileges that I will respect. The department has released a letter discussing the restrictions on my testimony. I therefore, will not be able to answer questions about certain areas that I know are of public interest. For example, I am unable to address questions about the initial opening of the FBI's Russia investigation, which occurred months before my appointment or matters related to the so called steel dossier. These matters are subject of ongoing review by the department. Any questions on these topics should therefore be directed to the FBI or the Justice Department, as I explained when we closed this special counsel's office in May. Our report contains our findings and analysis and the reasons for the decisions we made. We conducted an extensive investigation over two years. In writing the report. We stated the results of our investigation. We precision we scrutinized every word I do not intend to summarize or describe the results of our work in a different way. In the course of my testimony today, as I said on May 29th, the report is my testimony and I will stay within that text and, as I stated in May, I will not comment on the actions of the Attorney General or of Congress. I was appointed as a prosecutor and I intend intend to adhere to that role and to the department standards that govern it. I'll be joined today by Deputy Special Counsel, Erin sembly. Mr. Sibley has extensive experience as a federal prosecutor and at the FBI, where he served as my chief of staff and mr. mr. Sibley was responsible for the day-to-day oversight of the investigations conducted by our office. Now, I also want to again say thank you to the attorneys, the FBI agents, the analysts, the professional staff who helped us conduct this investigation in a fair and independent manner. These individuals, who spent nearly two years of working on this matter, were of the highest integrity, and, let me say one more thing: over the course of my career. I have seen a number of challenges to our democracy. The Russian government's effort to interfere in our election is among the most serious, as I said, on May 29th. This deserves the attention of every American Thank You. Mr. chairman.