Good afternoon chairmanship ranking member Nunez and members of the committee I testified this morning before the House Judiciary Committee I asked that the opening statement I made before that committee be incorporated into the record here without objection. Georgia I understand that this committee has a unique jurisdiction and that you are interested in further understanding to counterintelligence implications of our investigation. So let me say a word about how we handled the potential impact of our investigation on counterintelligence manners. As we explained in our report, the special counsel regulations effectively gave me the role of the United States Attorney. As a result, we structured our investigation around evidence for possible use in prosecution of federal crimes. We did not reach what you would call counterintelligence conclusions. We did, however, set up processes in the office to identify and pass counterintelligence information on to the FBI members of our office, periodically briefed the FBI about counterintelligence information. In addition, there were agents and analysts from the FBI who are not on our team but whose job it was to identify counterintelligence information in our files and to and to disseminate that information to the FBI. For these reasons, questions about what the FBI has done with the counterintelligence information obtained from our investigation should be directed to the FBI. I also want to reiterate a few points that I made this morning. I am not making any judgments or offering opinions about the guilt or innocence in any pending case. It is unusual for a prosecutor to testify about a criminal investigation and given my role as a prosecutor, there are reasons why my testimony will necessarily be limited. First, public testimony could affect several ongoing matters in some of these matters. Court rules or judicial orders limit the disclosure of information to protect the fairness of the proceedings and consistent with long-standing Justice Department policy. It would be inappropriate for me to comment in any way that could affect an ongoing manner. Second, the Justice Department has asserted privileges concerning investigative information and decisions, ongoing matters within the Justice Department and deliberations within our office. These our Justice Department privileges that I will respect. The department has released a letter discussing the restrictions on my testimony, but I therefore, will not be able to answer questions about certain areas that I know are of public interest. For example, I am unable to address questions about the opening of the FBI's Russia investigation, which occurred months before my appointment or matters related to the so called steel on dossier. These matters are the subject of ongoing review by the department. Any questions on these topics should therefore be directed to the FBI or the Justice Department, the third, as I explained this morning. It is important for me to adhere to what we wrote in our report. The report contains our findings and analysis and the reasons for the decisions we made. We stated the results of our investigation with precision. I, do not intend to summarize or describe the results of our work in a different way in the course of my testimony today and as I stated in May, I also will not comment on the actions of the Attorney General or of Congress. I was appointed as a prosecutor and I intend to adhere to that role and to the department standards that government. Finally, as I said this morning over the course of my career, I've seen a number of challenges to our democracy. The Russian government's efforts to interfere in our election is among the most serious and I am sure that the committee agree now before we go to questions. I've want to add one correction to my testimony this morning. I want to go back to one thing that was said this morning by mr. Liu, who said and I quote: you didn't charge the president because of the OLC opinion. That is not the correct way to say it. As we say in the report and as I said at the opening, we did not reach a determination as to whether the president committed a crime.