Andrew Shearer says he'll stand by a candidate who has said derogatory remarks in the past as long as they apologize. Now, the conservative leader made the comments, while speaking with reporters on his campaign, plane enroute to Vancouver in four days on the hustings Shearer has had to deal with these questions. After some liberal cabinet ministers posted videos showing current conservative candidates espousing discriminatory beliefs. The latest video is a vada wall, wedding, dress, designer and candidate in the Capitol Justyna McCaffrey. She was telling a reporter a year ago that she's bothered by Liberal leader, Justin Trudeau's, quote: preoccupation with the French, for example the Quebec people she has since apologized, but there are also questions about her apparent friendship with faith Goldie, a woman who has been banned from Facebook and who has been accused of promoting white supremacy. A party official says it has been years since the two women have even seen each other. Earlier this week, Shearer was forced to let go of a candidate in a Winnipeg area who hid his Facebook accounts, in which he made discriminatory statements. However, he continues to stand by Ontario candidate goddamn Alec, who was reportedly blocked from running for the Ontario PC Party, because she shared multiple posts on social media that were homophobic and anti-muslim. Now, all of this, because she apologized as long as someone takes responsibility for what they say and and and and and addresses the fact that in 2019, some things that may have been said in the past are inappropriate today, if anything that they've ever said in the past, caused any type of hurt or disrespect to one community or another and have apologized for that. I accept that you know I accept the fact that people can make mistakes in the past. Every party has had issues with past comments. Coming back to haunt candidates and Shearer says this is just an effort by the Liberals to distract from their own problems. Michael accretor, Global, News, Vancouver,.