With his presidency, potentially on the line, Donald Trump's call for corruption investigations could spark a new whistleblower battle. The New York Times reports, a second intelligence community official, is thinking of filing a formal complaint. Despite Trump's reactions to the first, it's reported. The official has more direct knowledge of, what's alleged, to be a pressure campaign on Ukraine to investigate Joanne hunter Biden. Despite criticism, Trump has openly called for China to follow suit, insisting it has nothing to do with politics, sparking reaction from the former vice president. What he's doing that? No president has ever done. No president, there's also a question as to whether or not a true quid pro quo was associated with Trump's call to Ukraine text messages appear to show the release of Defense aid. If an investigation was started in an interview with The Wall Street Journal Republican Senator Ron Johnson says he was told exactly that by EU Ambassador Gordon Sunland Johnson saying my reaction was: oh god I don't want to see those two things combined notice. The president didn't deny that he had said those things. We want the tapes. We want the information we want to end the stonewalling that has gone on we'll work through this process. Meanwhile, the impeachment battle is also being fought between Congress and the State Department. A Friday deadline for documents from the Secretary of State was ignored. Mike Pompeo calling the requests abuse asked them to do so without saying, hey, don't bother calling the State Department lawyers just talk to us directly. That's a that's harassment and I'll. Never let that happen to my team. Democrats leading the impeachment claim. Any request that goes unanswered will be deemed obstruction, leaving the party to insist grounds for the impeachment inquiry are solid, they're, just names going around of me and and I'm saying Donald you used to own a casino. You know the house always wins regi. What has been the reaction from Republicans? Well Robyn. There aren't many Republican senators that have spoken out against the president's actions and the few that have found themselves in the line of fire from Trump's Twitter account Utah senator Mitt Romney says the president's appeals to foreign nations is wrong and appalling, but Trump then hit back telling Romney to wake up and saying he's bad for Republicans, but the lack of noise from the GOP might have an impact on how the 2020 election plays out. The latest poll shows 51% of Americans are in favor of impeachment and if Republicans choose to line themselves up with the president, they risk alienating some of that population.