Regi, what's the latest on the second whistleblower, and what this person's going to say? Well, Robin, we don't know exactly what was said when this intelligence officials spoke with the inspector general, but their legal team, which represents the first whistleblower as well says they made a protected disclosure under the law and cannot be retaliated against. This whistleblower has first-hand knowledge. The original whistleblower said he had spoken with numerous government officials that had concerns the president was soliciting interference from foreign nations, and this person could help corroborate that this new whistleblower could also dispel Trump's claims that the first complaint was hearsay and fiction. Critics have long accused Donald Trump of subverting his own political interests over national political interests, and if Congress gains access to this information, it could help Democrats that are looking at Trump's requests for investigations into political opponents and what value he might gain from them. It's perfect. The call was perfect. What the president sees is a perfect phone call with the president of Ukraine is being dissected word by word across America. This is obviously a very complicated legal issue. President Trump's alleged request for Ukraine to open an investigation into the Biden's and a similar public request to China China could be considered a federal violation of US campaign finance law. Soliciting a thing of value from a foreign nation is strictly off-limits. American election should not be influenced by foreign actors, who necessarily don't have the United States best interests at heart. The term thing of value, however, is vague, leaving it open to interpretation and debate. I think that it is relatively clear that if you receive something that is of value to you and that does not have to necessarily be cash, it can be an in-kind contribution for Institue a campaign. There are rules and laws surrounding what a campaign can and cannot do when it comes to benefiting from a foreigner and someone domestic. During the 2016 campaign to women alleged to have had affairs with Donald Trump were paid to stay quiet. Those payments were seen as a way to influence a campaign and landed Trump's personal attorney, Michael Cohen in jail. If Democrats draft articles of impeachment, they may look at Trump's requests for investigations as political game. It is clear from our precedents that information can be a thing of value: opposition research, polling data, mailing lists, other kinds of things can be difficult to value. It can be hard to ascertain, but that doesn't mean that it doesn't have value, because the thing that people hold to be the most valuable is democracy, regi, Cecchini, Global, News, Washington,.