We have president Amy Hoskins grilling Republican senator Joni Ernst at a town hall meeting. Where is the line? When are you guys going to say enough Haskins asking what many Republican voters are wondering while Senate Republicans decide US President Donald Trump finally crossed the line when he asked Ukraine's president to investigate political rival, Joe Biden Ernst, dodging the question, but supporting the whistleblower who reported the phone call between the two leaders? Whistleblowers should be protected. Laws need to be enforced if the house votes to impeach the president. The case against him then goes to the Senate for a trial and vote. The Senate is now made about 53 Republicans 47 Democrats, but they need a two-thirds majority vote to remove the president from office, and so we may see several potentially leave, but it will require a significant impact statement to move 20 Senate Republicans to convict Republicans, keep avoiding answering the question on whether they'd convict and remove President Trump from office. But the party is showing some splintering, including senators Mitt, Romney, Ben, Sasse and Susan Collins Collins, saying the president never should have asked China to also investigate Biden I thought. The president made a big mistake by asking China to get involved in investigating a political opponent. Even the president's former national security adviser is criticizing his old boss. Do you think it is appropriate for the President of the United States to solicit foreign interference in our political process? Of course? No! No, it's absolutely not. A new Fox News poll now shows 51 percent of Americans want president Trump impeached and removed from office uphold a president quickly dismissed, but some believe is making him nervous. Well, he certainly isn't acting like a person who's calm, so he clearly looks like he's. Fighting fighting fighting hard, but Democrats hopes of getting President Trump out of the White House could backfire if the Senate holds an impeachment trial that could end up exonerating. President Trump, giving his base more fuel to reelect him in 2020 Jennifer, Johnson, Global, News, Washington.