You guys are making my job so easy here. I, like all I, have to say, is Bianca or Mississauga are US Open champion now I opened up by saying it was an honor to be there in New York for two weeks, and it was an honor because I had a front-row seat to history by watching Bianca and rescue play. You know, like you, I watched what she did on the court and it was unbelievable and beating Serena Williams, puts kind of the cherry on top I dealt a lot with Bianca off the court. Sorry about that, but she she had a lot of interviews to do and I look out to this crowd and I see what she did over those two weeks and really what she's done all year and connecting with Canadians and connecting with those from Mississauga and connecting with the the young athletes in this country, the young people and how she's not just a champion- and she didn't just make history. She didn't ask to be an ambassador for tennis or as a Canadian, but she carried that role so well, and every single one here can look at and I keep happening to remind myself this 19 year old, how great of a role model she is and how so many people came up to me in New York and pull me aside and said: I can't believe her and I said yeah. You know her four hands good, like no, no, no I can't believe the way she carries. Herself I can't believe it. You know so Bianca and rescue story as much as it is about tennis. Today. Go on that and I see so many smiling faces here and one woman who hasn't stopped smiling since well. Last Saturday, please welcome the mayor of Mississauga Bonnie Crombie Wow. Oh my goodness. Thank you Mark. Let's hear it Shiva Shiva Lord Shiva! Are we proud of this woman lives here Bianca and rescue your hometown girl? But you are Canada's champion and we are so proud of. You welcome home, we're so incredibly proud and we're honored to be hosting today's rally to celebrate your incredible achievements, but before we get started with a very fitting tribute for our tennis champ, it's my honor to introduce guests who have joined me here on stage, but first, let's give it up for Bianca's parents, Maria and Nico and Coco is here too I can't even begin to imagine how proud you must be of your daughter. Now. I'm gonna just introduce the dignitaries that are here with us. First, the Prime Minister of Canada, the right Justin ministerís for Keirsey Duncan, Minister of Tourism culture and sport, Lisa McLeod, representing Dunford, near the signal Mayor of the City of Toronto John Tory, the chair of tennis, Canada Board of Directors jennifer, bishop, our former beloved iconic mayor Hazel, McCallion, sorry, Justin, Hazel's, just a little more popular in this town. Members of my council with me here today give away Ward, 1 cancer, Steven Bochco Geor, see that's right. 103 cancer kick Chris Fonseca well for John coal, rock we're sex, counselor ronster, we're seven count: certificate, omona, chordate, counselor, Matt, Maloney and war 10 councillor sue McFadden. We have a lot of other dignitaries just give away when I when I acknowledge you Mississauga MPs. Many of them are here with us they're all over here, Mississauga MPPs they're, here with a senior leadership from the fire police emergency services, the Mississauga leadership team representatives from tennis, Canada representatives from the Ontario rocket Club, including 40, of these incredible youth. They came with their signs to honor Bianca representative from the Mississauga Sports Council. We have GTA minutes from right across our great city and region, regional chairs, and we have superfine not bhadiya here to we're super fun people out the raptor with him Wow. So we are so excited to be here for this monumental cell, with a key to this. It's not something, often anywhere, let alone in Mississauga and I. Look forward to this presentation here on just in a couple of minutes, but before that there are some excited and proud Canadians with me on stage, who would also like to exchange words of congratulations so right now it is my honor to welcome to the stage the Honorable Prime Minister Justin Trudeau Bianca, how extreme her skill, her determination or person. Thank You, Bonnie, hello, mrs. saga: how about that beyond rescue Bianca? How extraordinary her skill her determination, her perseverance, but mostly that incredible grace and composure under extraordinary pressure? Congratulations, Bianca! She is an inspiration to all Canadians, old and young, but, to be honest, especially an inspiration to young Canadians, because she showed that young people can do anything. She is the embodiment of the fact that young people are not the leaders of tomorrow. They are leaders today like Bianca felicitous, young Bianca, Asher secrecy, but I, damn near walk over somebody, possibly in a clayey, believe it well Bravo only Thelma Everett WA, but as we celebrate this incredible young person, this incredible achievement. This incredible tennis player. We have a few more people to think specifically Nico and Maria and Coco niku Maria. Thank you for raising such an extraordinary daughter, an incredible champion and thank you as well for all those years ago, choosing Canada to start and launch your family, because in this country anything is possible and you, and so many mrs. Huggins, have proven it now. Seton moon, Thank, You mr. saga, Thank, You Canada, but mostly thank you. Bianca Prime, Minister, Justin, Trudeau on stage Coco I, believe it's sleeping but I think that's what Coco does, but it's so great to see the community come together and so great to see the province come together and I would not like to invite the Honorable Lisa, McLeod Minister of Tourism culture and sport to share a few words on behalf of the provincial government. Our nation's capital, I can tell you that everyone I've spoken to this weekend. I think this is the best part of my 13-year career in politics, because New York I see something for every single, Canadian and I say to us on behalf of the people of Ontario. She made us cry. She made a smile. She made us laugh, we felt every piece of agony and brilliance that she had on the court, but I think what defines Bianca more than just talent and skill. Discipline and tenacity is grace its grace. It is grace under fire. It is poise when the national and international media is watching you and it was Grace when she accepted victory and I am so proud to be here today and if there's one thing that I would ask. Every young athlete here who plays tennis plays basketball hockey plays baseball. I'm gonna. Tell you something, ladies and gentlemen, and boys and girls I'm a hockey coach I'm. Also the minister of sport, but one of the most defining characteristics of the best athlete ever is not just raw talent. It's the way, they're coached and it's the way they conduct themselves, and so today, as we stand here as you are all from the GTA and Mississauga as Ontarians as Canadians, we saw the most coachable player I've seen in my lifetime, and it's because she is so graceful and gracious, and so I asked all the young athletes today to take hers as an example. Now finally, I just want to say this: one of the things that makes me so proud to be in Ontarian is I often say we are the world in one province. Look around our best selling feature as Ontarians as we're all different. We've all come from somewhere else, but one of the best parts about bianca is not only has her family come here and succeeded and have given us as canadians the greatest gift of all, which is the us Open champion, but they personify what it means to be a Canadian and Ontarian and I couldn't be more grateful than for the gift that you have given us. The entire world is watching and we're so proud of you. Thank you very much. Thank You Minister McLeod, as we know, Bianca put on a performance in New, York and I'm I'm, not actually talking about the tennis, although the the seven match winds are great and beating screen are great, she did some work on The Today, Show, Good, Morning America, the view Jimmy Fallon, and she gave a few shoutouts during Jimmy Fallon, including our next guest, the Mayor of Toronto John Tory. Well, thank you very much. Just in case you don't know where it's Rollo is it's a suburb of Mississauga just to the west of here and I want to say thank you to Mayor Bonnie Crombie for including me in this tribute to Bianca and rescue, because she is a national champion. She's at Canada's, champion she's, the gtas champion and Toronto is very pleased and proud to be part of paying tribute to her great win, and you know it's going to be a bit repetitive, but I think it shows you that we all see the same thing. All of us who are here today, and that is that it's one thing to win a major sports championship. This may be the single biggest individual sports achievement in Canadian history, but it's another thing how you do it it's another thing: how you do it isn't about the winning on the court. That was magnificent, but it's about how she handled the win and I was reading a quote the other day that said that that sports doesn't shape character, but it reveals it and I think we saw in the aftermath of her winning that she was somebody that all Canadians would want to represent us as Canadians. She was confident but not arrogant. She was not timid, she was smart and she was funny, and these are the ways I think we'd want to be seen by people and she did a soul cloud as Canadians now, I don't have it here subscribe to be summer, but that's okay, I just need that bag for one minute here. I am very pleased to say that tomorrow, in the City of Toronto and unfortunately, I can't tell people they don't have to go to work or that they get free rides on the TTC or whatever. But tomorrow we have proclaimed Bianca and risco day in the City of Toronto. We want to get on this, not too many people get their own day. So you should come on out and get this Bianca. If you want to ride for free on the subway you can, but nobody else can but and look we're we're we're just trying to make sure that we know that there's always a an open door for you. So I got you something your home isn't in Toronto yet but I said yet. I don't want to get myself in trouble here Mississauga, but we got you a home is Toronto because we want you to know you're always at home in our city, and so you have that as well and then for her parents it for her. We have what's going to be a best seller, t-shirt, urato loves Bianca and we love you and we have. We are proud of you. Thank you very much, we'll take it off safer, I'll, take Toronto just taking things left. No, hmm throughout Bianca's, run this whole season throughout her career and especially with winning the US Open. You know, she's talked so much about how she she wouldn't be here without tennis, Canada I know, there's a lot of members of tennis Canada here today. There's no coincidence that we're celebrating a Grand Slam champion here, there's no coincidence that we have two young guys in Felix OSI, alias team and Dennis chapeau fall off chapel ball from Richmond Hill Ontario NeoStrata a couple years ago, went to the Wimbledon final he's also from the GTA ge, Bouchard same story and tennis Canada's work over especially over the last 10 years is a reason why and I can say this being in New York and covering tennis. Canada is the envy of the tennis world and it's I got to say it's particularly sweet when an American is telling you that, on behalf of tennis, Canada I would like to welcome up the chair of the board of directors, Jennifer Bishop, to talk about Bianca's achievement in New, York hi, everyone on behalf of tennis Canada. Thank you to the City of Mississauga for your warm hospitality. As we celebrate Bianca's incredible achievement. It is my our privilege to be here as we further established Canada as a world leading tennis nation. The inspiration that Bianca's success will provide to the next generation of players is invaluable. Already we are seeing the impact since Bianca's win. We have been inundated with inquiries from all across the country, from people of all ages and diverse backgrounds, from large cities and small communities, all wanting to know more about how and where they can start playing tennis. However, the true impact of Bianca will be felt in the months and years ahead as participation in this great sport continues to rise. The demand for year-round play in Canada will only increase. Tennis Canada is motivated and determined to work with the provinces, territories and municipalities to create opportunities to build indoor tennis facilities that will develop into community hubs, help grow the game and inspire the next generation of Canadian champions Bianca. You truly embody tennis Canada's mission to lead the growth of tennis in our country, from st. John's to Victoria, countless young children watched you defeat, one of the most decorated athletes of all time with grace, humility and true Canadian sportsmanship. We are so proud of you. We have seen you grow into a best-in-class tennis player and, more importantly, an inspiration to millions of people around the world. How privileged are we to be able to call you one of our own, a Canadian? Thank you. Bianca enjoy this special day and best of luck in Beijing, Thank, You, Jennifer Bianca from coast to coast to coast' Canadians were loud. They were cheering you on. They supported you from start to finish in New York, but of course no community was louder than this one. Here you are promised a very special presentation today, as I welcome back Mayor Crombie to do cell, but before we do that, Bianca Drake called this morning and Drizzy's got a little care package for you come on up, let's see, what's Drizzy's got for you, Oh Bo baby. She got a shirt, the goody bag and, of course, in a ride in his private jet right. So Mississauga continues to be a growing city and as a growing city we keep well. You know we're tip, building streets, roads, avenues right across our great town and sometimes they have to be named. Not very often, you have an opportunity to name a street for a US Open champion right, so we were thinking how about and rescue way. What do you think I'd like to welcome the woman of honor to join me on stage for the unveiling? Please all right so I'm? Definitely gonna be one of the first people to take a walk down beyond rescue lane and I hope you'll be around to join me. So, as I mentioned earlier, we will be bestowing the keys of our city and that honor doesn't happen very often to too many deserving people. There are many many deserving people in our city. We are phenomenal people here, but my fellow members of council and I know that you don't have to look too far to find extraordinary examples of courage, excellence and talent, so much so that if we focused on these attributes alone, we'd be offering keys to the city to many deserving people, but but the key to the City of Mississauga is our city's most prestigious form of recognition and Bianca. We are so proud of you and your achievements in your big us win. You are more most graceful and modest approach towards embracing your successes has embodied the values of both Mississauga Ontario and Canada, and your family is like so many others here in Mississauga, a true immigrant success story, so your hometown is going to continue to support your outstanding accomplishments while highlighting your inspiring career -, our city's youth and our inspiring athletes athletes. Now it is my great honor, as the mayor of this great city, to present Bianca and rescue with a key to her hometown, the city of Mississauga Bianca because of role models like you, you know they know that with dedication focus hard work, our youth can strive to be the best of what their hearts and souls imagine as well. We all know it started with the dream and thank you for sharing your dream here with us today and now I'd like to welcome the first Canadian to win a US Grand Slam title to share her story. Please give up this big Mississauga welcome to Bianca and rescue. So my goal today was to not trip in these shoes and to not mess up this speech. So hopefully, I can do both really well after this. So far. So good though whoa this is crazy. This is crazy. I, never thought I would have my own parade before, let alone the key to the city and a street named after me. I have to thank mayor Bonnie Crombie for everything and her team and the City of Mississauga for putting this together. I am truly truly Brett, blessed I. Oh, there was there's the press up, I'm, truly, truly blessed, what's happening in Canadian sports. This year has been so beautiful to watch and so inspiring I did not get here alone, though. I have to thank my whole entire team, my family, my friends, tennis Canada, for giving me this opportunity for supporting me for believing in me and for sticking by me since day one without you guys, I wouldn't be here today. So thank you. I love! You a special thank you to prime minister justin, trudeau, mayor Bonnie, Crombie, Chancellor, hazel and Mayor John Tory, for everything for all of your support and for continuing to make Canada such an amazing country and for all the other dignitaries that are here today and for everyone watching at home. I really really appreciate it. Last but not least, the crowd the fans. All of you, thank you for the continuous support not only throughout the US Open, but throughout my whole career career. So far, every tournament I go to I, see Canadians everywhere and it's it's so beautiful to see I'm truly truly blessed, and hopefully you guys can continue on supporting me for many years to come. I am a proud Canadian. I am proud to represent this amazing country all around the world and I am very humbled to celebrate this moment with all of you here today and with everyone at home. This is only the beginning. I did not get here overnight. There has been a lot of hard work and sweat that went into it a lot of dedication, a lot of downs, a lot of ups but I made sure to stay very positive in those tough times. I know it's so easy to say, but I truly love this sport, I'm very passionate and I have really big dreams, so I'm really glad I never gave up, because I wouldn't be standing here with everyone, so all I can say is: if I can do it, if Serena can do it, if Roger can do it, if the Raptors can do it? So can you thank you? Thank you. Bianca Bianca and rescue a Grand Slam champion the key to the city, a street named after her I, don't know what else you can accomplish in 2019, but if there's anyone, that's gonna, do it it's her right, Bianca and rescues the 2019 US Open champion. This rally was an unbelievable experience for all of you, but I know just listening to Bianca. It was for her as well I'd like to invite Celina and Mariah on the stage with me to tell me out, because we need to. We need to send Bianca off in style. We do, and this valid isn't done, cheering and there's a group of Romanian Canadians right over there. That I feel like they've, just gotten warmed up here, I think so that's. Why do we want to do this? I, don't know what are we thinking? Maya I said we lead a chance. I like chance. I like we gotta, give creepy a big chance to congratulate her on this massive accomplishment. All right Mississauga. Are you ready.