Canadians, on average, are spending about a hundred and seventy seven percent more than the income they're bringing in after taxes according to Statistics Canada, with Victoria, Vancouver and Toronto topping the charts. These numbers are about twenty percent higher than they were in 2007. All of these numbers fall under Canadian household debt, which is money barred by an individual or a family, usually borrowed through a financial institution where they have limited sate in how much interest they will pay or contract terms. But what about the debt accumulated by the government? The money that the government borrows to fund things like infrastructure, public services and benefits when they run out of tax money they get from Canadians in the last fiscal year that ended in March, 2019 Canada's federal government posted a 14 billion dollar deficit. It's a well known fact that we should try and live within our means, and if we take on debt, then we should have a plan for paying it off, but does the same philosophy apply to governments? Government debt is a bit of a different beast because it's connected to economic growth, debt effects, economic growth -. So when you have a recession, for example, it may make sense to run deficits in order to run public spending, because government spending can stimulate the economy can get it going again and that will eventually raise tax revenue -. On the other hand, if you end up having too much debt that can weigh on economic growth, with the federal election coming up in Canada, many are talking about where Canada stands with its debt I think more about whether the spending is worthwhile spending or not having the government spending at a constant rate means that we can kind of smooth out those bumps in the economy a bit with the government. The other thing the governments can do is to invest in things that bring us productivity in the future, so that might be infrastructure, investments and new subway lines or new bridges, or it might be investing in the next generation who are going to grow up and be future taxpayers for Canada. It is a third year in a row that it's seeing a deficit larger than ten billion dollars. The real key is how much interest were playing on that debt. However, what are we paying each month? Hudson says at Canada in comparison to many other countries is in relatively good shape, but it's good to keep an eye out on the large interest, the country's paying on stet in terms of the federal government, they're spending 28 billion dollars each year on interest on the national debt. That's bigger than many different programs bigger than the transfers the federal government gives to the provinces. So you then looking at spending more on national debt and that's one of the reasons why we have to keep around the ball, not let that get out of control, because it is eating up about 10 percent of the federal budget and that's a big chunk of the budget. There are many conversations around Canada's deficits and voters will be watching to see which party they think will best manage taxpayers dollars.