Some of Trudeau's political opponents say what he did reflect, who he really is privileged and not as enlightened as he pretends to be we'll get to the conservative leader in just a moment. But we begin with NDP leader Judd neat Singh. He is the first person of color to lead a federal party in Canada, and his reaction is focused on the impact the images might have on people of color, especially kids. Abigail Beeman is covering the NDP leaders campaign Abigail. What was jug meetings first reaction to the images Donna was raw and emotional, but also measured Singh, saying he felt compelled to speak out thinking of all those affected by racism who can't speak out a campaign source tells me while they had a team meeting beforehand. What you're about to hear wasn't rehearsed? No one knew exactly what Singh was going to say when I was growing up, I fought, racists, I dealt with them myself and I fought back, but I got a message from a friend who reminded me that there's a lot of people out there, they couldn't do that they couldn't fight back. They didn't have the ability to do that. This is very painful for a lot of people, then today a different, less emotional tone, but the same message I asked saying whether he thought Trudeau should have owned up to the video obtained by Global News before the story broke owned up to all instances where he wore racist makeup. Yes, I think Canadians would expected that you had mentioned whenever it happened. However, this turns out for the Liberals aside the way Singh handled. This very much feels like a turning point in the third place: NDP campaign, Abigail Beeman Global, News, West, Lorne, Ontario, Andrew Shearer in the conservative campaign R in Quebec, taking direct aim at Justin Trudeau. No support for the Liberal leader remains an obstacle for Shearer, even after the bombshell revelations of the last 24 hours. Sheers main message at every rally on this campaign has centered on how Canadians just can't trust Trudeau attacking his ethics and personal judgment as a leader as sheer attacked Trudeau again today for initially giving the impression that he had gone racist makeup twice when it was in fact more that lapse playing right into the hands of the as they try to paint Trudeau. As someone who was insincere and doesn't think the rules apply to him, he indicated that there's only one other incidents, and now we know that there was at least three. So once again, we see with Justin Trudeau a one set of rules for himself and one set of rules for the rest of us. Shearer isn't asking for Justin Trudeau to step down as Prime Minister, but he says the Liberal leader has embarrassed Canada and no longer has the moral authority to govern this country. Mike lacouture, Global, News, granby, Quebec,.