We begin with our ongoing investigation into led in drinking water in some Canadian cities and towns. Tonight we're looking at how you can protect yourself. The investigation by global news in our media partners found hundreds of thousands of Canadians may be exposed to high lead levels at home and in schools and daycares. You won't know if your water is unsafe until it's tested something you can do yourself. If lead is present, you can buy filters to remove it to fully solve the problem. Ageing lead pipes need to be removed and replaced, but a patchwork of municipal regulations means there's no uniform solution for homeowners. Heather York's West looks at how some cities are now tackling the problem. Hi Monica, when Monica Behr agreed to let journalists test her homes, water for lead. She was stunned by what they found at 19 parts per billion bears water was almost four times what Health Canada considers safe. We immediately started taking certain measures. I actually did some more research online, along with using a filter, Bayer paid $8,000 to have her lead pipes, replaced there's a international consensus. Now you have to take the lead out. So the first action is to take the lead pipes and the lead components out of the houses, but pipes are generally a light gray in color and easily scratch, but it's not enough for homeowners to replace their own pipes if the water is coming from lead service lines owned by cities- and this is where that replacement projects become tricky. Cities like Calgary, for example, will only replace public pipes if homeowners agree to replace their own two. If they won't, let pipes remain but cities like Saskatoon and Montreal, on the other hand, are giving homeowners no choice. So now we're kind of switching gear, and we will be doing all the alder work, sending the bill to house owners buy them by after that, and they will have up to 15 years to pay us back. The lead part is just this little Katy Gibbs has led pipes in her Ottawa home as well. She's looked into replacing them, but the cost was too high. It's a huge, huge job like it's, not just like replacing a pipe, but it's it's like tearing your whole driveway. Instead, Gibbs has often to filter her water, a less expensive option and in some municipalities like Montreal and Toronto, the city provides a filter for free cities can also lower that levels by protecting lead pipes from corrosion. The city of Toronto has added orthophosphate to its water since 2014. What auto phosphate does is. It provides a lining on pipes that are that have led and prevent further leaching of lead into the water, but it takes a little time to build up. In 2008, the average water sample from a Toronto home serviced by underground, led pipes was measuring more than double national safety guidelines of five parts per billion. A decade later, average measurements have fallen from nearly 12 parts per billion to just over 1, but experts like Michelle Prevot, warn corrosion control is not a permanent solution. We know now as long as there's let there we will not be able to control it and we have to take it up with her waters. Led levels now well below Health, Canada guidelines, Monica bare says she's glad her LED pipes are gone, is peace of mind. That was worth the cost. Heather Eric's West Global, News Calgary.