Welcome to a special episode of living in color I'm, your host, fair enough, sir, and a special episode, because in the past 24 hours, we've seen three examples of our Prime Minister current Liberal leader Justin Trudeau, painting his face in blackface. He has since apologized he's talked about his own white privilege, but is it enough? We are in the middle of an election campaign joining me now to weigh in on this is Sabrina gaffar, Siddiqui she's, a doctoral researcher in racism and discrimination as well as Andre demise, he's a contributing editor of Maclean's magazine. Thank you both for joining me. Trudeau has just come out and said he is sorry again the second press conference he has held. He started that press conference apologizing to racialized communities. Is it in that foundry I'll start with you, I mean it's not for me to decide whether it's enough, like I, can't accept an apology on anyone on behalf of anybody other than myself I I'm upset that there's even an incident during this election. That requires this kind of an apology, because you know I was told in the lead-up to the 2015 election. That diversity was their strength and that you know this kind of behavior is unacceptable when it comes from when it comes from political leaders. So what I will say, though, is that what's bothered me so far? Is the amount of people who are either accepting this apology, who are not people have colored themselves, accepting parents, widows, apology on behalf of everybody else and who are calling it a distraction or telling people who are. You know hurt by this, that they are endangering the Liberals election prospects and that's that's absolutely ridiculous to me. The idea that somebody's election prospects takes precedence over everybody else's humanity. That's that's not what this is supposed to be about: okay, the next Lindt andre. I want to bring you in on this because we're not a monolith of people of color right, there's, different viewpoints and some people of color are not as outraged as some people who are not of color and saying that this this election had racist undertones from the beginning. Before even this happened, tell me more so I think. The important thing to remember here is that, yes, it was completely racist. It was wrong and there's absolutely no denying that the apology was important and I'm glad that the the Prime Minister apologized, but what I'm afraid of is this becoming a one-person issue, just a political issue, just an election issue as someone who's been doing research. You know in this area, for a good decade of my life, racism has existed before you know the Prime Minister engaged in this behavior and it's been a persistent, pervasive insidious problem in Canada way before theirs. Right, let's go back to the specific case, though, and I want to talk a bit about blackface with you Andre, you did a podcast on it, which, which is really interesting, but also I, mean I've, been criticized when I tweeted this people were upset that I've ruined Halloween now right that people, some people really don't understand the gravity of this. Can you talk to us a bit about that? So what a lot of people fail to understand is that blackface is not just you know, painting your face and even mocking people. Blackface is a long history of dehumanization towards black people and towards other people of color, because there was a history and theater of British actors, rounding up their faces and pretending to be people of South Asian descent. But where comes to blackface in the United States that began in the eighteen thirties and the progenitor of blackface and jump Jim Crow was an actor named Thomas D rice and he became popular at the same time that the British abolitionist movement was reaching such a crescendo that the slavery abolition Act was passed. We received full assent in 1834. Blackface was like the the mainstream means of propagandizing people into believing that freeing black people in the United States was going to turn a savage race loose upon upon innocent white people. So that is the background radiation. That is a context in which the blackface exists. You can't divorce it of that origin. Can. Can you explain to me what brown faces and it Sabrina I'm happy for you to jump in on this too, because I? This is personally the first time I heard this term was yesterday, yeah I mean I. I can tell you the reason why so many people are minimizing this and saying that. Well, you know I mean it was just a costume blah blah blah it's because there is no understanding, there's a lot of ignorance when it comes to how how offensive something's you know doing something like like this is for marginalized people, but the fact that we're even having this conversation again I feel like that is what the focus should be on the fact that we're having a conversation about race that we haven't been having otherwise and I. Think the the other interesting thing is in this election I mean we saw a headline recently. The people within the NDP say that they are not ready for a prime minister with a turban we've had in the Conservative Party candidates, who've aligned themselves, you know with with a one with a white supremacist or have made a homophobic or racist comments in the past, so this race has really been an undertone this election. What do you have to say about that Andre? What have you noticed? I I'm trying so hard not to laugh here, because we can say that they, they might not be ready for a prime minister with the turban. Well, apparently, we've already had here's. Here's the other thing I want to know why it is it. Look it's not funny, but it kind of is the only I have to ask, because if I didn't laugh, I'd cry, you know how I like. How often do we have to have these kinds of conversations before we understand that racism is a problem in this country. Everything is a one-off scenario, there's no connection between any other events. Everything happens in isolation. So therefore, there's no grander conversation we had so. My reaction to that is either to be profoundly depressed or just to laugh at people's ridiculousness. You know an inability to confront their own problems, but you think here's a question: I have there's a lengthy tradition of blackface and theater, not just in Toronto or in Canada, but in Quebec as well. How many times did we have to have the conversation that televising blackface is actually not okay, that doing a theater production where people pretend to be? Somebody like pique Subban by wearing blackface is just not okay and in Quebec they really seem to love the rock base, and this is not just a tradition within Quebec. It happens like it seems to be tradition with these, like sort of like that use these rich families. These Laurentian leaves these politically connected people in Canada, but also in the United States as well. Like you, we saw that example with governor Ralph, Northam I think was earlier this year or last year and then became like a spate of us elected officials who also had to admit yes, I did appear in blackface in college as well. Yes, it's in my yearbook. I feel sorry for every you know: storage unit curator, who is right now feeling like a barrage of requests for their yearbook caches, but what? What is it about that class of people that blackface is so funny to them and I? You know, based on you, know the research that I've done and the studies that I've done really what it is is a means of expressing to a subordinated group of people that they are subordinate and that the dominant class can take their most sacred aspects of their culture and even take their skins and say we own this- that they're they're able to mock it that there's nothing that belongs to you, that we can't own and consume ourselves. I just have to ask: why is that so funny, when the prime minister was talking, he was talking also about his own children. I mean we're parents here and I want to bring in Sabrina quickly on this because Sabrina, you you as a mother. Even what is what does Trudeau have to do to take responsibility here? Does he have to take responsibility here, even more accountability and responsibility? You know, obviously, these things are very very important. I personally felt, like his apology, was sincere officially the second time that you know what I just watched at the moment. The discussion about intentions and because somebody asked me this question, we know about intention versus impact, and you know really. The question is not about intention: it's not about whether what he did, he thought was right or not, and a lot of people were really focusing on that and really focusing on the fact that you know. Why did you do this? What made you do it well? I mean I. Think for people like us who who are knowledgeable in this area. The reason why he did it was because we live in a society where there is structural racism all around and we live and and benefit from that racism all the time with our various different privileges that we had. You know when things like this happen, that we look at them in isolation and we think of them, as one of you know, moments, and we need accountability for this particular moment, and this person needs to apologize. What concerns me more is the entrenched. You know racism, the institutional racism, the problems that are so you know, we've got the over-representation of indigenous and black people in the criminal justice system. We have income inequality. You know we have so many issues that I feel are important and we should be discussing them, but instead, as always and I, say this as a Muslim woman, you know the election talking points are always so visible like we always focus so much on the visible parts of of race and ethnicity. You know a woman wearing a hijab. You know the color of your skin, a turban on your head. That's not the only time that racism shows up and this Canadian exceptionalism is just it's. It's all around. You know we're seen as the beacon of light of hope of you know, there's this myth that we are not racist and we're better. There's this. You know: I am better than right now, mentality that that you know we're not going to vote the way that that Americans voted or British people voted with brexit. You know, I I would argue otherwise. Yeah you make such a good point and Andre I think what both of you are making and I. Think it's so brilliant is that these things are happening in isolation. We aren't linking them together and we're not seeing really what's happening in this country. Then, when we see something we are surprised but I have to say this is a specific instance. This has never happened as far as I can remember something this big in a federal election with somebody who is an incumbent Andre back to you and I mean I, listened to your podcast too. Today has the Prime Minister taken responsibility? What what does he have to say? What does he have to do? Is this gonna impact the election? What do you think well being a cynical and nihilistic as I am I, don't know that it's actually going to move the needle by October? Be we get trapped in that strategic, folding conversation where it's like hey? Do you want us, or do you want the bad guys right so I I, don't I I I am cynical that it's actually going to change much by the time the election comes around. But one thing that that does bother me is why you know: why is it that we are pinning Trudeau to the wall on blackface when to me the moment that he should have because I've heard the question asked as to whether he should step aside? He was asked that at the press conference, the moment that question should have been asked is when grassy narrows protesters interrupted him at a fundraiser, - -, and they were protesting. The the rivers and rivers in the land where they live being filled with mercury poisoning and his response to them. One his seizures the speech was interrupted was to say thank you for your donation to me. That was the moment that structural racism and personalized racism intersected in such a way that he shouldn't have been seen as fit to leave the country anymore. That's when he lost moral standing for I just want to mention that you know what really concerns me, and you know this is like a civically engaged, Canadian I think what concerns me is that something like this is instead of instead of allowing us to have the right discussions, I think it's going to result in voter apathy, voter malaise where I mean we saw this already happen. You know in the US, where you had a choice between two, not one, not so perfect and another, not so perfect person I'm being polite by saying that, but you know, and people just didn't vote, and you know that that's what I'm afraid of are we forgetting and I'm not doing this either/or comparing one racism against other racism, but when are we gonna be having the conversation about the conservatives having a direct link to white supremacy, white nationalism and their connection to rebel media? You know: how is it that that conversation somehow bypassed all this attention? You're, not in your head, Andre, well, I, just I just wanted to add the point here. The reason that this is getting such global attention and I heard the word distraction, and it just it raised the flag with me immediately, because it seems to me that people pay attention to what they perceive to be as racism when they have very highly visible markers of it like when they have evidence of it. It's like does this. Did this person give an expression of racism that is so unacceptable that we can't deny that it's actually racism and it usually happens at a couple of points. One is when somebody uses an open racial slur, and the other time is when somebody you know, does something like dressed in blackface or brown face or yellow face or red face. You know, whatever the outward expression of that is, and the fact that we have to wait for those gotcha moments to have. These conversations tells me that we're so politically unsophisticated that you know do we our kin, are we even capable of having this conversation at all Sabrina and Andre I really appreciate your time. I know we were saying we don't have these conversations and the mainstream media until there's some sort of moment, but we've had living in color on air for the past year. I encourage our viewers to go back. Look at previous episodes to get a perspective on various issues. Again, that's living in color on Global's YouTube channel. Thank you both for joining us. Thank you for watching living in color. If you enjoyed the show, please subscribe to our YouTube channel and if you have an idea for a future living in color episode, we'd love to hear your thoughts. Please leave them in the comment section.