British Street artist Banksy appears to have given his hometown a gift just in time for Valentine's Day. The mural shows a small girl with a slingshot and a splatter of red flowers. It's on the side of a house in Bristol England, a city about two hours west of London as crystal commencing explains Banksy's art often plays with elements of darkness and joy, and this piece is no different. Marsh Lane is getting a whole lot of love. We were just working around the corner and then someone was saying that all covers the new banks around the corner. So yeah just immediately spoken off work. Surely lots of people left work early to see the new Banksy and more will be flocking to this Bristol England neighborhood, although some worry how the piece will fare with the storm in the forecast, a lovely surprise, really nice yeah yeah, just driving down the road to go and do some shopping and there it was sad stuff and have a look. It's just amazing. Amazing, yes, but is it about love? It did appear on Banksy's Instagram page on the 14th. Bristol is reportedly his home, but little is known about one of the most recognizable names in street art. We do know he is a master at making people gasp. Remember this nyancy is one of a kind. You know where he's not the be-all end-all. You know he's a it's very clever artist, yes, for his messages, self-expression fills every inch at Leake, Streeter Banksy tunnel in 2008. The space under Waterloo station was transformed by the mysterious painter when he hosted the Cannes Festival Banksy's work can be found all over, including around the corner. From the Global News London bureau. We went to the back to the exhibition that way so that when they had the dismal land- and we were just driving past, it saw so everyone here, so we thought we'd stop and have Hook along gaze and a few pictures. Maybe the point of this Valentine's Day Banksy is to get people to spend time together, doing something that costs nothing. Chris, toga, Manson, Global, News, London,.