The woman who won a Nobel Prize for her defense of human rights is now defending her country against allegations of genocide. Surely, under the circumstances, genocidal intent cannot be. The only hypothesis Myanmar's on sands Nucci took the floor at the International Court of Justice today to fight against accusations. Her military carried out atrocities against her countries, Roja Muslim minority tsu'tey, says claims of a genocide are misleading, but many observers worldwide, including Canada, disagree Abigail Beeman reports on the controversial testimony, supporters and detractors of a woman once viewed as a beacon of democracy now defending her country against accusations of genocide in a case leveled against them by the small African nation, the Gambia more than 700,000 row hanga fled Myanmar for Bangladesh in 2017, after a military crackdown where communities were burned to the ground, the UN and Canada have labeled the killings. A genocide on sang-soo Qi denied that, regretfully, the Gambia has placed before the court and incomplete and misleading factual picture. It was troubling to me because the account that she gave was not in any way similar to what many of us have been on the ground of seen. She's. Never been in the refugee camp Canada supports the Gambia in its case and sent special envoy to Myanmar Bob ray to the Hague better wake up and realize that this is not just a problem far away. This is a very big humanitarian problem across the globe and the Ranga, or perhaps the leading edge of the storm of the lowly Rohingya Canadians are there to my parents. Villages do not exist anymore. They have been burned to the ground as of 2012. It is appalling what is happening out there raced in Hmong traveled from Ottawa. He says the issue is so close to his heart. He needed to watch the case unfold infuriating condescending by uncensored Chi, but not very surprising. This is the first stage of hearings where the Gambia is asking the world court to impose urgent measures and accountability in the short term to protect the RO hanga people before the entire case can be decided the case to determine whether they're victims of genocide and that could take years and years, abigail Beeman, Global, News, Ottawa.