Sara rana excelled in high school on the debate, team and academically. She didn't know she may have been exposed to high levels of lead. I'm shocked, Ranas school White, Oaks secondary in Oakville, detected lead in its drinking water in 2018. You trust schools to have clean water, I didn't question that there was something wrong with it. Led is a known neurotoxin Ontario standard for lead concentration in drinking water is a maximum of ten parts per billion. However, Health Canada's recommended federal limit is five. After a recent revision not low enough for this pediatrician. There is no safe level of lead. You name it and lead probably contributes to that condition. Children exposed to lead will have higher rates of heart, disease, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, early, dementia, gout anemia, and the list goes on in August, 20 18, almost half of the water samples taken at White Oak secondary school, exceeded the federal limit one sample was 28 times over. There was nobody in the building other than the contractors doing some work, so the not a lot of water was being used, and so probably that is why you have higher standing. Let exceedances the Board says: lead levels were impacted by stagnant water and unused taps during the summer break. We know, there's lots of plumbing. Please love is letting fixtures, then, rather than test test test test test and flush flush wash wash wash, which has so many nuances. We should be installing a lead. Clearing, filter white oak says had high lead levels before dating back to 2016, but our data analysis showed white. Oaks is just one of 2400 Ontario schools and daycares, including many in the GTA, which exceeded the federal limit in the last two years. Two dozen of those had samples with lead levels high enough to immediately impact blood lead levels in a child. Our work should be, you know, focused on making sure kids are never exposed. Ontario is the only province to require schools and daycares to annually test drinking and cooking water. The results are made public Environment, Minister, Jeff uric declined an interview for this story, but his office said it's still studying how to make drinking water safer. They should do something about it, so it doesn't endanger anyone. Maybe it didn't affect me and I'm lucky that way, but you don't know in the future if it'll affect someone else, who's more prone to that the Environment Ministry says at least 30% of Ontario schools and daycares have already completed the required testing this year ahead of deadline. But if a school or daycare doesn't comply, the Ministry says it can step in, and that could mean immediate water testing or has the potential for investigation and prosecution. Meaghan, Robinson, Global, News.