They're significant because they seem to show the exact thing Donald Trump has denied and they come as the impeachment inquiry ramps up tonight. Vice president Mike Pence has been ordered to produce documents about his own interactions with Ukraine, as the White House faces a subpoena to do the same anything having to do with corruption. I actually feel I have an obligation. Evolving explanations now have president Trump claiming he had a duty to act in pressuring foreign governments to investigate his political rival. I, don't care about politics, but I do care about corruption despite no allegation of wrongdoing against Joe Biden or his son. Hunter Trump has openly called on the governments of Ukraine and China to launch investigations. In the case of Ukraine text messages delivered to the impeachment inquiry show there may have been a blatant quid pro quo. The messages show American diplomats, pressuring Ukraine, to investigate Joe Biden if they wanted a meeting between Ukraine's president zalenski and President Trump. At a time when US military aid to Ukraine had been suspended, US envoy kurt volker wrote to one of zelinsky's aides, assuming president said convinces trump. He will investigate /, get to the bottom of what happened in 2016. We will nail down a date for visit to Washington in August the aide replied when there was a date. Ukraine would announce the investigations into the gas company where Joe Biden's son worked Burr yzma and election meddling William Taylor, the top US diplomat in Ukraine then began questioning what was going on. Are we now saying that security assistance and White House meeting are conditioned on investigations? Then, as news about the whistleblower complaint became public, Taylor wrote I think it's crazy to withhold security assistance for help with a political campaign. The US ambassador to the EU Gordon Sun, Glenda Trump, a point he wrote back. The president has been crystal clear: no quid pro quos of any kind. The text message that I saw from ambassador Sunland who's highly respected was there's no quid pro quo. He said that Trump has said this was all about investigating corruption, but when asked today, if he has ever sought foreign investigations into people who aren't his political rivals, he couldn't name anyone.