After a 40-day campaign that has had some highs and let's face it quite a few lows- it is time to see how Canadians voted we have. Our first result in this is from Newfoundland and Labrador you'll. Correct me. If I'm wrong, because you know all of these writings a conservative in the lead, the Liberals planning a victory party, hey Mike, did you say that they drove the bus into the room? There is that whatever ID you say, yeah yeah I'm not kidding you I'm not kidding you enough that they drove Andrew shoes. Yeah I mean it's it's just. What just to my my right over here. I mean it look it's there. It is if jug meets Singh in hindsight had known that he was gonna, pull so low in Quebec. You think he would have managed to get back a little bit differently. I can't be the only one wishing but I wish he would I gone in with a flamethrower Global News is now projecting a minority government, a minority government. Now we're not saying liberal, conservative and Mercedes David. That's because we just don't know at this point the block- and we said this all night before upsetting the electoral geography that certainly the Liberals were counting on to sustain their majority and maybe upsetting some electoral geography for conservatives and for New Democrats, really playing spoiler here. Global News is now projecting a liberal minority government. The crowd is quite excited about that call of a liberal or liberal government. That's what they're excited about here. The crowd is getting bigger. Now, I'll, be honest with you, I haven't heard a cheer in this room in the last 10 minutes it has been. The air has been completely sucked out of this room. Jane Philpott was, and she is in fourth I present you Alberta and I'm standing in front of it here. It is look at that it is solid blue. What is this going to mean for the country at this stage? I sense, he didn't touch him. This whole idea of feminism and people questioning whether it was a feminist that didn't seem to touch a brown place. Blackface happen, the two planes thing happened and now we're projecting a liberal minority is Justin. Trudeau made of fly. What clearly happened to me is that, as far as I can see is that the NDP didn't show up, Maxime Bernier is going to be nowhere to be seen and the People's Party of Canada. We can stick a fork in it that to me is positive, no matter where you are in the political spectrum, I'm thrilled to see it. It's only the beginning for the People's Party. We want to bring you some news about Elizabeth May speaking of green. She has been elected to toe baku north. I don't know how kirsty Duncan does it, but she gets elected every time in Etobicoke north, which just happens to be Doug Ford's riding provincially. This was a huge upset, I agree, a great campaign and obviously the writing has changed and that's okay, the people of Milton have spoken. The voter is never incorrect. They always get it right. Another defeat, a very prominent politician this time, a liberal Ralph Goodell has been defeated in Regina, was gonna, throw a lot of Canadians who tonight are not going to be happy that how they voted is not being reflected and who's actually governing, and that comes back to that whole issue of electoral reform for Justin Trudeau, something he didn't follow through on, because one of the big complaints- and it ironically came more from the progressives than from the Conservatives. But maybe we'll see that change tonight. The votes were not accurately represented who's. The last one is the the barbarian hotline. It was the flirting with Islamophobia I, don't even like to discuss it, because it sickens me party that I supported for a number of years turned on my neighbors on my brothers, my sisters, my fellow Canadians and that's been sorry. It's been difficult, see blood come out that is, and you're looking at 32 seats, leading and elected there as he walks into this room. Obviously a big victory for him. There's no intensive former government, nor indeed to participate in a government blow everyone. The bloc québécois can, on a case-by-case basis, work with any government. Holy-Moly I want you to know. This is always gonna, be our focus when we get back to Ottawa every single day that we're in Parliament New Democrats are going to be working hard to make sure your life is better, so the Canadians life is better now, first and foremost, I want to thank the voters of Regina Capel for once again electing me as your Member of Parliament. We're all mystified here, because Justin Trudeau has walked up on the stage and begun to speak at the same time as Andrew Shearer, leaving all of us wondering who we should listen to and we've decided simply because Justin Trudeau 155 seats so more than the Conservatives we're gonna listen to him. But really this is unprecedented and I can tell you. Everyone in this studio is shocked. Let's listen to Justin Trudeau I have heard you, my friends. You are sending our liberal team back to work back to Ottawa with a clear mandate. We will make life more affordable. We will continue to fight climate change. We will get guns off our streets and we will keep investing in tonight. Conservatives have put Justin Trudeau on notice and mr. Trudeau, when your government Falls conservatives, will be ready and we will win. The good news is Andrew. Shearer owes me 50 bucks. We we made a small wager at the end of the english-language debate, in which I suggested that he wasn't going to be Prime Minister that turned out to be prescient. It does point to a divided country. This is what we were talking about from the beginning of the night. We have this popular vote. That's different! We have these. These look at the seat. Count. Public mood is not good. Nobody is going to be happy with this result tonight. All right. Well, thanks to all of you, thanks to all our viewers and our listeners on radio, everyone and watch this online, if you stuck with us to the bitter end, I give you some applause, because thank you. It's been a long seven hours.