Fitness looks different around the world. How do exercise regimens from different cultures compared to a traditional gym routines? This is the culture of fitness. First, we had to South America well metaphorically, to try out capoeira it's an afro-brazilian, martial art that was created by the slaves in Brazil over 400 years ago, and it's a combination of martial arts, acrobatics, dance and music, who is the addition of music and dance to the martial art that disguise capoeira's. True purpose, people from different tribes create a form of self-defense, but they had to hide it. Their slave owners didn't want them practicing, something that could potentially be deadly to them. So they mask the skies that, in a form of dance to make it look innocent and just like a playful celebration, but all of that celebration takes a lot of work, you're, never standing still, you're, always moving. You literally move every single part of your body from your toes to your pinky. You go upside down, so you're gonna be using all the little muscles. In your hand, your upper body, your arms, the basic stance of capoeira, is called the Ginga you're, always in a low grounded position, which is an amazing workout for your legs. What you need a little bit more, there is the the rhythm of a dense right. So you can't go through them. Rhythm is gonna, be my issue, you're, always moving yes doing capoeira, so you're always going to kind of keep that heart rate. The connection between two players is a little bit like improv. You react to each other's moves. One two: three! We are demonstrating the the agility and the the control of the movements by coming very close to the to our opponent, without hitting them at a beginner level. We just keep the distance a little bit further as much as possible. Watch yourself in the mirror. Watch myself in the mire yourself in the mirror, no problem there, two and three looking forward. Oh there we go there, you go I feel like I got it. That's that man, when you're in the holder, the energy of the music and the instruments, it's much more than just something that you do. Physical, you really got to give yourself your whole emotion in your soul. My carcinoma global news.