It was a beautiful Sunday night. It was a summer evening. We had no reason to suspect that anything would happen. Sometimes it's like a bad night dream. As the blood filled, my lungs like it was getting harder and harder to breathe. Sam was out with some friends, it was a birthday party for her friend and they had decided to go out for ice cream on the Danforth and they were just standing around chatting enjoying the evening. When this all unfolded. We got a call from a stranger using Samantha's phone to tell us that there had been a shooting and that she was explaining to us that her daughter was involved, but we didn't realize at the time was that Samantha had been shot at basically at point-blank range had fallen. She had her back to the shooter, so she didn't actually see until she reacted to being shot and then quickly went down. So she didn't wasn't sure what happened to her friends and as it turned out. Unfortunately, one of the her friends was killed. Who is Rhys Fallon? We were just having a coffee with three of my friend in here, enjoying the good Sunday nights and then suddenly we heard the firecrackers first. We thought that these are the firecrackers, but it was a gunshot, unfortunately G of my friends. They just try to run away and just jump on them and hide myself behind a stone bench that I sit and then the shooter he just stopped for a few seconds to change his magazine at that point. I just stand up and try to understand. What's going on at that point, I came face to face with respond. She was just shot by from her arm and she asked help from me and call 9-1-1. He stopped the shooting again. What of us and at that point, mother of my friend he just came back and grabbed me and we started to run away while we are talking with Rhys. She has been hit by three times from her back I guess at that point, Ivan also hit. The bullet is just glazed. My back, when we turned back to the scene, I saw the risk. Falling was lying down beside the tree and there was a bunch of people trying to help her. They were doing the CPR and trying to stop in her bleeding, but our four, unfortunately, they weren't successful. There was a bunch of people on the floor. They were bleeding the police officers, the fire departments and emergency departments. They were trying to help them. He was saying qaul you're all gonna die. You old I was on the patio with Jerry and a good friend of ours celebrating her birthday, and we had ordered like quite an array of different Italian foods. We were I, think you know two-thirds of the way through our meal when I heard gunshots. Shortly thereafter, the a staff person came out and said that there was a shooter out and and that we should all come inside for safety and I could I was in complete disbelief. A woman had had entered saying that there was an injured party outside Jerry said he wanted to go out and and help this person and I I said that I would go with him, so we we walked out and I only took one or two steps outside when I saw a man just standing across the street, there was a bright red, flash and I heard a gunshot, I heard wood just screams and then I ducked I had just enough time to kind of to turn when I was I was hit in the chest. Mid chest and I collapsed immediately in the doorway of the restaurant I heard someone say that Daniel was shot and then that's why I got up and just I I just went into this like survivor mode and went to help. Daniel I could sense that I didn't have like a feeling in my legs. It was like a numbness and I was bleeding profusely from my like gunshot wound.