I actually enjoy coming here. I usually try to come once a week. Maybe this is kind of the only parenting you can do at this point right. You just keep their grave, clean and decorate it for Christmas decorated for Halloween and for their birthdays in September 2016. Our little girl was born, but she was, she actually died when I was 34 weeks pregnant. So she was stillborn when we found out that we were expecting a girl. We of course like any other couple, brainstormed names and, of course, like every other couple, did not agree on any. So we we had a couple and I've always loved the name. Marlowe I had a feeling something was wrong on the night of September 15th I. Remember it very vividly it was a Thursday night and, and she just the movement patterns weren't what they used to be. You know like once, you're dead, far along you kind of get used to you anticipate it. We went to the hospital and then they checked me in and we did quite a few ultrasounds and they confirmed that. Indeed, her heart had stopped. It was probably the most surreal moment of my life because it just felt like this is something that happens to a friend of a friend of a friend. You know you kind of hear about it, you feel bad for them and then you move on. You never think. That's something like this could happen to you. Less than 1% of babies born in North America are still born. A stillbirth means losing a baby after 20 weeks of pregnancy. The biggest thing for their follow-up physician to figure out is: what do we think the likely ideology? Why did this happen? So? Do we think it's an infection, so it more of a one-time event, or is it possibly a problem with the uterus where there's something like a septum or something that needs to be repaired? Anyone can have a stillbirth, but it's more common to happen to people who are 35 or older smoke cigarettes during their pregnancies and people who have lost a pregnancy before these are just some of the factors that can be linked to still birds and many people like Magda fall outside of all of these. She was 33 years old when she had her stillbirth and doctors said it was random. You don't really have a chance to comprehend. What's happening. Plus your body is healing, like you just you know it's 34 weeks, that's basically a full-size infant everybody has somebody died in their family. You know it's, it's inevitable. People die but having your child die is just it's. It's a pain like no other. Another type of pregnancy loss is a miscarriage. This is when someone loses a pregnancy within the first 20 weeks. Early miscarriages are much more common in still births in the first 13 weeks of gestational age, up to one in four pregnancies end in a miscarriage. My name is Michelle Bilodeau and I had my miscarriage in November 2015. That was the that was my first pregnancy Monday morning. I woke up and got ready to go to work. I went to go to the bathroom and I noticed that I was spotting and then on my way to work. I realized that this was something that was bad. That was happening. It wasn't just spotting I, just see a doctor at the walk-in clinic and he you know I just kind of told him what was going on through lots of tears, and he told me that yeah he thought I was having a miscarriage doctors, told Michelle she miscarried, because it was likely a non-viable pregnancy, meaning the baby had no chance of being born alive, probably about 70 percent of all early pregnancy loss is due to abnormal chromosomes, so meaning that the parents both have completely normal genetics, but either the wrong sperm or egg is chosen. So what that happens? Is you create a chromosome abnormal pregnancy after I? Had my miscarriage I was still really nervous to get pregnant. As soon as we started, trying again, I got pregnant right away. Michelle had her daughter, Emeline in December of 2016 every year. She goes as a lion for Halloween. So far, a friend of ours called her Emma lion. We're really lucky that we had her but I'm. Also like we're one and done I'm not having another one. There's a bunch of reasons for that. One and one reason is because I've had a miscarriage and I, don't know if I can go through that again. I feel like women feel like they have to rush into having kids, because we do have a clock that goes out eventually right so but I think if you've had a miscarriage, you need to give yourself some time to grieve women. Don't talk about miscarriages and after I had mine. That kind of stuck in my head that you know women don't talk about it. Women don't talk about it. So when I had mine and then was pregnant with my daughter, I just realized that I wanted to talk about it, because women so frequently don't my biggest advice to people who who meet somebody who has gone through this. It's just you know, ask the baby's name, ask them questions about it and just help them validate that experience. You know because you're acknowledging that it happened, you're acknowledging that it was it was a human being that had died.