Welcome back everybody good to see it's up, 17 or you might think just a special yeah I mean they're all very exciting, and each year you got to re-establish yourself as a team as and coaches as a media person, whatever you do the year, you're in is the most important one. You know I, you know my dad just tells story about that. I'd say dad: what's the toughest your marriage, you say the one grant, so if you put it all in and then when you're in I think usually turn off pretty good I know where another cow, any of you guys welljust it. The home opener, is always an interesting game. There's stuff going on I. Think the home team is always a little bit. Antsy I like to start on the road, then we're starting on home time. We got to play good, so you know, when you have your opportunity yeah, you might be a little bit nervous. Take a deep breath, get out there and get playing get some contact. Your first shift, or get run over by someone to yourself in the game, get play more dinners, we've just given those a little more time than on the penalty kill so because he wants the penalty for us. We need him to do that, so he'll be in the next game, but this buys them more time more reps, and these can get lots of reps and extra on it and we're trying to stay with that. The best we can yeah but I talked to him quite a bit about this and what we're doing so? No we're on the same page, moving ahead and we're gonna have a rotation on a few guys. This first a little bit too little girl what we're doing and we've talked about it. That's a week. That's a lot of progress. We can win face off, beacon penalty, kill. He stands in the right spots. No one saw it and he's done it before in the leak and he's won in the leak. He's been a good man. This does the job I, think that's what Paul McFarland brings - right. I mean probably this guy. You know I'm, just a bug movie about distance I said we're. Gonna hire him right out from under you're a real smart guy. Real good power play feel for that offensive side. - whoo, good faceoff guy in teaching guys face offs he's, helped us in the past a little bit. You know, I've done this over the years old. A lot is that I'm, always looking for the next coach and always talking to people about who's. The next guy I think I'm a real good job, hired coaches. That's why we've got lots of coaches that are coaching other places and you know I think it's an important process. You're, always looking for players. You need real good coaches and you need new ideas all the time and they got great newing ideas. He's a smart young guy. There are games DJ's at the game tonight, talks about the loss of DJ yeah I, don't do like loss I feel like great for Smitty I mean Smitty came here. He knew the program you know, I came here, real hard I could get himself prepared, so he could be in it and coaching the NHL and he's done that a work card did a good job for us I couldn't he, you know obviously was a serial winner before he got here and those are the kind of people I'm always looking for. When we met punch was the guy who told me about Smitty and when we met I was impressed and then we worked and attract develop program. I talked to a number of times about don't leave before you're ready in the NHL's that coach he leave before you're ready, you're gone before you write, arrive there when you're over ready he's over ready, I've watched them play in exhibition there organize their plans fast they're, going to be one of these teams that no one's counting on that's gonna be way better than you think. Well, I don't mean it's like most mere mortals. It takes you a little bit more time. You know many guys, walk in and start at 18 and so Freddie and took them on time. But Freddie Anderson is a good good man number one. Unbelievable man makes his teammates better because he's such a good man and the guys want to play for him so hard because of the person he is, but then all the extra stuff he's done to improve his game and be comfortable and becoming NHL starter. It's not easy to be an NHL starter you're under a lot of scrutiny a lot of the time, and we need to play well in front of him to help well. I would like to think you put it behind him the day on it I'm a big believer that, as we all make huge mistakes, the second you own it you can fix it and that's the whole key. And what do you did at the time or you didn't he owned it? That's it! It's done! If you forgive yourself, you got to love yourself first to share yourself with other people. He's got to share himself as a teammate. It's got to be a great teammate. The way you play and help your teammates - bye, Pauline extra hard. This is an unbelievable life experience warm when we go through adversity. We never wanted the adversity when were in it when we get through it. We look back and say that's a building block in life. Coaches, they're going to be an unveiling of the captain's afternoon or we just going to see them appear on the ice. They have no idea. No, it's not true. I do have a great idea: I'm, not telling you how's that Mike, you approach offensive and defensive faceoffs differently with the new with the new rules, and do you think you think it'll make a difference league wide and scoring? And that's a great question. You know I thought the one where we changed a few years ago about putting your stick down first and all that stuff I thought that was an advantage. This one I'm, not certain, we've really tried to hone in on it, and we've tried to do the math on it and we got a bunch of room. Does more math on face ups and you could ever believe but all zones and how you to go about it. I, don't know we're gonna watch and find out a little more 10-gauge. How do you first round- or it seems like this- is Miss Washington pad, and yet that was accomplished, 30 person? Well, I, don't worry about that. So today is the most important day for me, because it's the day I'm live. So that's what I'm gonna do we're gonna do that 82 times and ideally we'll be in that tournament and we're gonna build our fro. No keep going so you know I, don't think much like that. I just think that we got to build the rust and we have analyzed and analyzed and analyzed what wins in the leak this summer, what we had to improve. We focused on at all three counts of refocus on it. Now we're trying to build a program to help success, so we can play a long time in the spring you gotta get to the spring. First, that's theirs! Don't think it's ever changed. Look when you're good! You get to play so real simple! You know I like to me. He just seems to be good, and every time we tried to put him in a situation that make the baby eat now not be as good. He was good again, so you know I tried him in the good games. Then I tried him in the bad games. I try to play them too much so he'd be exhausted. After I tried to everything, didn't work to display my talking to guys they a lot of guys flash about how much leadership is I mean. Was it a difficult decision to pick the guy? That's gonna wear that scene. Did you have a process that you had to go through? You know we went through a process, it's been going on for a long time, but I've been watching this guy. We didn't name a captain for a long time because we didn't think it was obvious and then, when we knew was obvious, we I mean going to be wrong. We talked a ton about this. We talked to our players, the butter we talked to our staff about it. We talked to our management team about it and then the end. We made the right decision for the Leafs and we're excited about this opportunity. Seal.