Cost a kowai, as you said, what do you consider to be realistic expectations for this team going forward and looking at this season, with big decisions, potentially on whether you keep expiring contracts or move them? What do you want to get out of this season going into the end of the year in 2020? First of all, you know I think the expectations always in sports is to win. We play sports to win. There's nothing else. I can do all the dance we want say whatever we want to rebuild blah blah blah anything you do you play sports to win, it's that simple and we're playing to win you build from there. You see how your team reacts, I think guys are going to step up. I think guys are up for the challenge and for me the oh, the focus always on our team is always going to be winning. We said this from the beginning when we got here and we believe in that that this team will win and I think it rests on my shoulders to adjust whenever we need to adjust this team to prepare us for. What's coming in the future, Doug Smith the Toronto Star um, we saw a huge jump from Pascal last year. Who do you expect or hope to get that kind of incremental increase from this year? I think I think Pascal will make another jump, I think I think Freddie's I think is really coming. He showed us some really good leadership in the summer with development and then I am oh gee had a very unlucky year, I think last year and he's had a very good summer and pre preseason in in terms of just training before before today. Why are we excited about that? More excited about em chris boucher, all the young players, I think Nick nurse and coaching staff really do a great job of taking advantage of the summer and what how these guys develop and whether it's physically or skill, wise and emphasis on shooting, which I think Nick is very big on so most of you all of the young guys were very excited about Pat macao. He had a little bit of an unlucky year to last year, both of those guys had unfortunate deaths in their families and and then very untimely injuries right when they were on the cusp of gaining to contributing to this team. So there's a refresh on their minds and I think they'll be in a good place in the middle, hey, Messiah, Ryan, McNeal outfit unfiltered. You had some time in Africa this summer, I mean think back on your time in Africa this summer. What are some highs at stake held for you? It was I. There was really a really really unbelievable journey to go and to visit eight countries on the continent, but I think the two biggest ones were going back to where I grew up the basketball court. That I grew up. I think that just to see people there and and how I how I grew up and to see where I am and where my family is today. That was that was really amazing. For me to go to Mogadishu I think was answered and Juba in South Sudan, those that was that was really cool to go with. That was that was awesome to go and see those people, those people and how they live, and their culture and trying give give back a little bit as I. Remember that for the rest of my life and I'll go back to those places Miriam from CBC Hozuki nada. Do you expect your guys to be mentors to the younger newer guys? And if so, how do you expect them to be those mentors to them? Well, I think Kyle surgeon go so really really showed maturity in the playoffs last year. The roller coaster that this this game can bring is incredible and I thought those guys showed unbelievable composure as veteran players and I think is going to transfer into into this year. You saw the contributions from from all of them, and you saw the camaraderie between all the players on our team. All the young players look up to these guys and it's been a journey. It's it's! It's um! It's come from experience. It's come from spending time together, it's come from trust and I. Think Kyle, mark and Serge have built that and I think that's one of the things that makes this team unique that you speak to them in the summer, and there were times when we were low and those veteran players where they will always come. They were always confident and reassuring for the young players, which we really appreciate them as an organization and even as a team to Eric Green. Who was about three-quarters the way back into your left Meza inside. Do you Bruce asked about the expiring contracts you might have to make a decision on at some point in the air. Do you view Kyle's situation as any different than anybody else's just because of sort of his history with the franchise and what he's meant over? There's no question, no question. I. Think Carl has a incredible legacy here. That I think we all have underrated, I. Think we've we've had our ups and downs and bumps and grinds you know, but the inner core of who he is as a player and what he's done in this on in this franchise. You know he he definitely deserves that. I think there's! There's legacy status for him. In my opinion, somebody does giving it his all five-time all-star well well. We've been here, I think that we could have been a six-time all-star that first one was a close shave and we were all disappointed, I, remember exactly where I was when when we, when we heard but everything he's given, you know we can say what we want about Kyle. You know he comes and he gives it his all on on the court, and it would give me a headache once once a month, but that's fine, you know like that's, that's our relationship and I really respect him for that and will always pay Kyle, em I. Think that respect what he's done for this city, for this ballclub I think is, is is remarkable. You all know, while sitting here as many of you here. We all know we sat down here six years ago and we will never write this script. This way in any way any form of dreams or anything, and this is where it is and I'm proud of him for that miles: Victor, CBC sports. What do you see in Pascal that could help him become the number one guy he's just become a diverse player that I think a very dynamic player that continues to grow. He's gonna have more on his shoulders. I think this year and I think he accepts that he knows that there is a responsibility and he's up for the challenge. I think every day we've seen his game continue to grow and grow and be you have ups and downs, and this season is I think is a good season for him to to actually grow as a as a player to potentially get to where we all feel he can be as a player which I think you know could be one of the best players in the league. There was a lot of movement around the NBA this summer. How would you assess the contenders to the title that you guys currently hold? Who do you see as the team's coming to try and take it away? There's a lot of parody in the league, I think by that's a I. Think it's a good thing for for the league. Lots of teams I think if you say who's going to come out of the East I, think it's a question. I think for the first time it's a question who is going to win the NBA championship? I, don't think anybody knows I, don't think anybody knows who's going to come out of the West. There are very, very strong teams there and there's good balance. Good balance of the players, I think, unfortunately, with the injuries of Kevin, Durant and and klay Thompson, those those guys are like big-time players, but I'm sure they will be back strong, but the balance of the league I think is is great and it will be interesting to see I think people pay attention to more games this year and then we have been in the past few years. I know from CBC, News I was just wondering: are there any players right now in the league that you have your eyes on? Can we expect any surprises this season in terms of someone you might want to bring on I can't talk about that publicly. We are always looking everywhere for players and I can't be giving away no secrets now Scott. Thank you, hey massage Scott from CTV News. Normally, when a team wins a championship, it's a big deal for a city and its fans. Obviously, last year what you guys did was big for the country and beyond. Was there a moment over the summer where you realized the enormity of what you and the team achieved. It's really a good question, because I haven't watched, anything I haven't I, haven't seen anything Marvin, rewatched anything but I would say this. My parents are in town for for their checkups and they were at the house and they were watching the parade with my wife and the kids and I was doing stuff around and and then they watched the highlights kind of the story. The journey on one of the channels of you, I, don't know whether I was youtube or something and I was walking. Past and I watched it. A student and watched for a couple minutes and honestly just brought back an incredible feeling. You know like and I can't wait, maybe to one day just lock myself in the basement, or something and and watch it all, but I haven't even it. The summer has been so fast and just to see you know you see those highlights, and you see those guys like sweating and and bumping face and and being so tough and I actually looked at the screen. For that second and I said to myself that was I was incredible. No, that was that was really incredible. Then sometimes I I beat I, beat myself up for not really maybe enjoying it as much during the journey. But in our position is honestly, you can't hey well Yahoo Sports Canada, you mentioned Pascal, potentially taking another leap this coming year. How does that factor into a potential contract negotiation and extension? We've had conversations, we've had conversations with Pascal's representation and we're excited we're excited whether it's going to be this fall or whether it's going to be I mean the summer he's. Somebody was definitely going to keep for a long time here and we see we see what the potential of that could be. So, where we've had conversations with them and we'll see where that takes us questions, I know thanks very much everybody. Thank you. Thank you. You you. We are ready coach morning. Everybody coach nurse is here again we will take questions via the mic, so we've got Emma to my right to solid to the left, so just wave at them. First questions. Anyone thank you. Doug down to your left, BIC Doug Smith, the Toronto Star, going into this season with championship defending a championship, what's different for you and how do you sort of ramp yourself up again having gone through such a long year? Last year, yeah I'm just done I think opportunity abounds right, I, think it's it's a new season, I feel almost exactly the same as I felt a year ago, and the expectations are the same. That I had we're. Gonna we're gonna try to play a style that we play play. A lot of people prove some guys play defense move the ball. You know all those things that we we want to do, try out a lot of things and try to grow this thing from starting tomorrow. You know first day a practice and and try to get these guys that are that are here to play a to their capabilities and be extraordinary basketball air-crane the athletic given how much last year was about integrating Kauai and how big of a part he was in the offense this year without them, is there almost more room to experiment for you as a coach or, as you said, you felt the same. Does that sort of spread over yeah I mean I? Think you know this time of year ago, I thought there was a pretty blank sheet of. We didn't really know where we were heading right, I mean you think he you got a bunch of ideas out there and you got to try a bunch of them out and you got a slot things in and I see similar I mean I. Think I. Think you guys are you know, as you look at our roster and players, you realize there's a couple couple starters missing right from that team and you realize there's some guys that are our guys that have been here a while some some of these guys. You know the Fred's and norms the pascal's og now coming into his third year. There's there's opportunities for those guys to maybe either take on new identities, certainly expand roles, maybe even take on new roles and I. Think that's where we're probably that that that sheet of paper still blank and the ideas are up around the corners they're about how we're gonna do and we got to figure out how that all comes together. But again it feels very similar to the feeling I had last year at this time. How is it all going to piece together and who's going to move where and all that kind of stuff, hi emiram from HUDs account of the CBC following on? Where you just said. Do you expect the players that you have that you know that you built a relationship with to be part of your structure when it comes to the team and these new guys coming in? Well, there's certainly um. You know a lot of experienced guys back right with this team and they they got a year to know me right so you're talking about that relationship that we have. We, both you know, have had a year to grow. That I would imagine, and hopefully that that they'll be again accepting as they were a year ago of my tinkering a little bit or our staffs tinkering. You know like again: I can see a lot of options out there right, I, again and I. Think we've eventually found a lot of them like, for example, you know. Are we gonna play Ibaka at the fore with Gasol some at the five yeah? We find we finally figured out about midway through the Philadelphia series that that was a pretty good combination and it is on certain nights against certain people. Will we play a balk at the five yeah? Probably a lot, you know soccer Willie for yes, it's where he has a lot of success. Will he play some three? Yes, he will this year. You know, there's that there's a spot there to play I think guys. I think guys will move up and down the the so called numerical positions quite a bit and- and that takes some open-mindedness from the team, and that takes some acceptance for them to try it and and not panic if it doesn't work, not not try to make a decision after four minutes. You know of playing time together, you know, and- and that was a thing that our guys would did exceptionally well. Last year they were open-minded, they they took new ideas and took him to the floor and tried him out and- and there was a lot of good feedback with those relationships with those guys, so those guys that are coming back, those experienced guys will be will be again will asked to lead the charge on that stuff: hey Mikey, Andrews, the Toronto Sun, hey doing good list this time last year. We did a lot or we were talking a lot about the summer that Pascal was coming off of and obviously it paid paid dividends. Is there any indication already about the summers that you've seen from any of your about any of the other players? Yeah, you know I. Think Pascal is again had I had a super focused summer with, with a great deal of work done right. He just again continues to look like a more mature player, a more well-rounded player, just his tempo looks different right. He's he's he's gonna have a great year and and and the other guy that looks great and you guys will see that tomorrow is og like there's a guy, that's gonna have a good year. He's he's really in good shape. His body looks great he's healthy I, like his mindset, seems to be really free and clear and and happy. You know, like he's kind of out there, playing with a little bit more of a smile on his face and the pickup games that I saw here in the last few weeks and and he's gonna have a great year, - Vivek, who is on your right three down the Jacob Yahoo Sports Canada Nick. Last year you had Kawhi as the primary scorer and Pascal emerged as that secondary guy, with moving Pascal to that primary role. Is there someone you're looking to to take that secondary role or do you think it can be? You know Kyle one night mark another surge another and so on and so forth, yeah I think again, I'm, not sure sitting here last year, any of us would have said: okay, here's our peers, our pecking order of scoring it's gonna, be quiet and Pascal I think I think even into the playoffs I was if I remember right. You guys somebody I was saying somebody had Pascal down was our third or fourth option. I, think that is like you, Mayer couple low, you guys, the third third anyway back again, listen I! Think that one of our big successes a year ago and you guys were all there to watch it is there was so many huge impactful offensive moments from every single one of those guys from Fred from Kyle from a mark from Serge from me. You know at tyent norm I mean there was there was there was moments when they'd all had monster nights in the playoffs and I? Think I don't know, I, don't really know if I believe in a primary secondary third Derry scorer and just see how it unfolds and and move the ball and get get everybody going. I just want to play open and free and I want to play, sharing the ball and assisted baskets and with great confidence, and we have enough enough guys to do that right here, Nick Lewis afternoon, Raptors Republic last year during the playoffs in reference to a lot of questions you had to draw on experiences from England from the G League. What do you think it adds to your mindset? What you bring to the team that now going forward? You have you know that championship stories to draw on well, I, don't know I, guess I've got a remains to be seen really. If that comes to be it to be a factor. One thing I do know is this: is that our guys learn that how hard you have to play in the NBA Finals and that to me I mean there are two things that is an invaluable thing: that I don't think I mean that that's gonna, that's gonna. Take you a long way that is, that is a level of play for every possession over every game home or away that that is super special that our guys experienced in and have that now in their hip pocket, which is what I'm talking about the other thing is. Is you know we got two months of playoff basketball. That's a lot of practice! Films, games, situations that we got to work on last year and that most of those guys are back this year. Right here will rebus EFE news. The starting point this year is very different to the starting point last year. What is the mood of the team right now, especially when you compare it with the mood of the team last year at the start of the season? Um, let's see, I think it feels again pretty similar um I've loved our our our vibe in the gym. You know, just with these, with these workouts we've had the last few weeks it's been super focused super hard-working super energetic lots of smiles on guys's faces. You know enjoying they're, enjoying their work and enjoying going to work and and a level of hard play right, for sometimes you think about pickup basketball in September and and sometimes not very good, and it was pretty. It was pretty good. It was pretty good right. There was guys there were guys getting down and competing. That's what we like to see. So the vibe right now feels really good coach at the very back to your left Enoch miles, Victor CBC sports. What is it you see from Pascal, maybe from an off the court perspective that could help him. Take another leap. This season, I, don't see him too much off the court, but I just think I mean my answer. To that would be I. Think he's maturing right and I. Just he's got a sense of calmness. He's got a sense of confidence maturity. Those are three pretty good words to attribute to a to a young player and and at all I think temple might be another one. I'd say in there. I think I think he's been a guy, that's kind of played. You know I had to do everything with with speed and fast and and I see him, maybe slowing down ish a bit at times at the right times. You know not everything can be fast or done fast. Let's see, you know, I think he's I think he's gonna be given a great chance here. There's a great opportunity here for him to to really expand his role in his game and they're gonna be lots of opportunity for him to have the ball a lot of chances. You know opportunity of the ball in his hands and and I think it's gonna be fun to watch and I will loo from Yahoo Sports Canada. Take me through the decision to bring fab onto the coaching staff, and just you know that your history with him well he's on. First of all he played for me he actually uh. He was part of a touring team that I took over to England in 1995. You think he was playing to make McNeese, State and I didn't know him and I put this touring team together and his one of his assistant coaches called me up. So you need to take this kid with you and he ended up on the touring team with me and anyway, I brought him not that year, but the following year, I brought him to England to play for my team in berming, Birmingham England and he's been there ever since he went to put a bunch of years at Birmingham in 17 years at Newcastle. Isn't he's just a got extremely high character works extremely hard. I mean I brought him because he played so hard right. He's he's in my top three of guys that I've ever that have played for me he's in my top three of how hard he played all right. Remind me asked me about the other two some time and he's coached right, he's coached for a lot of years. As a head coach I know he was a player coach for most of that, but he coached he learned he'd always was was trying to learn over the years. Call me send me: this, come to summer league, come back for training camp come to summer league, come back for playoff games get out on the court, and then we had a couple spots open up with Phil and Jeremy leave. So it was time to time to bring him and Mark Tyndale in you're gonna, like him, you're gonna, like both those guys great thanks, everybody Thank You coach. Thank you enjoy training camp. You, let's do questions in English, first and then French to follow, if that's okay, so where are we starting start with Bruce down front? It's already so good Mike. This is cool man, Bruce Arthur from the Toronto Star. You had a shorter summer than you're used to. What did you work on this summer and what kind of where do you feel you are coming into a season where you're expected to be a true centerpiece player? I? Think for me, it's just looking back at last season and I'm looking at things that I didn't I didn't do so well, um, just working on every facet of my game, trying to be a complete player and for me I think that that's you know ball handling, obviously with more opportunity. That means having the ball more so I'm, taking care of the ball and be able to be a playmaker. It's gonna help obviously shooting and mid-range and be able to handle the ball, and so for me, that's mostly that, like being able to handle the ball and and obviously shooting which we know about Mike and Ron son along the same lines, is what Bruce just asked. But your summers I mean we talked so much about what you did last summer. How did the two compare I mean was? Were you able to put in as much time as you'd were a year ago and um yeah, obviously shorter and yeah like a lot of trips going here and there and but I think you know, we I had a good amount of time to focus on my game and and um and just and just walk I wanted what I wanted to work on. So it wasn't as long but but I think you know just in terms of what I worked on an efficiency, I think I think we'd I did a pretty decent job on your score. Pascal I know you mentioned a lot of the different things that you worked on in this summer, but last year as the year went on and you started seeing more defensive pressure, guys were game planning for you, even in the playoffs. You know it was more geared towards you than in past years. Obviously, was there something that stuck out to you that you maybe saw it as okay? This is the one thing that I need to get better to be the number one guy. If I'm gonna have defenses focusing on me, I think, like I just said, I think I think in the mid-range probably is going to be something that I will have to do, and obviously, when you're being guarded far by taller players and and just um be able to take whatever I get. The defense gives you. If that's it three or meetings or all you know, I'll be able to drop by anybody. So just just working on every level. Chch news I was wondering what your reaction is to being ranked the 22nd best player and though in the league, according to ESPN yeah, look our rankings. What was our ring last year? Yeah I, don't look our rankings CBC News, so we're doing a story about basketball. Shoes I want to know how you think your shoes help your performance on the floor. I. Think for me, it's mostly about just comfort like whoever I feel comfortable in um yeah like I was PJ Tucker I mean I'm like I. Don't think I can do what he does like playing with all these different shoes and and um yeah. That's the timing, whatever he does with it all. But for me it's just about comfort. Whatever is comfortable for me and um be able to move and stuff like that's what I really go for. What do you think this team is capable of this season? I think you know this. We have a lot of a lot of our pieces back from last year. Um, it's definitely exciting time and I think Fred said it somewhere was like you know, all the the band wagons and all the people that came after Kauai and kind of went away and, and it's kind of like back to us and and just you know, continue to grind and and and be you know who we are like. The Toronto Raptors is always known to be that team that you know everyone kind of like don't look at, and so it definitely puts a chip on our shoulders and then and we want to continue to grind and and and shadow no on the standard, I consider BB. We are man and and work hard and that's what we always done. So I'm gonna go to Ryan and then we'll take the last English questions and move on to Friendship. That's okay! Pascal. Did you get a day with the Larry O'brien trophy? And if so, would you do with that? Trophy that day, um I I didn't get a day, but I think Messiah wants a Giants of Africa in Cameroon and um I was there at the same time, so I had an opportunity to kind of have a trophy for a little bit, but um I didn't really have like a day with it. Other things like that yeah, like I, just had a little moment, I mean for me. It's just like like we wanted alright. So it's like it's my mind. I only need a day with the trophy and then to the other Ryan who's to your left, Pascal Ryan, whilst at Toronto Sun a lot of people are talking about how og is looked. What do you think he's capable of, and some people are saying you know with the leap you took last year- maybe he's capable of doing something similar I mean I, think you know I think it's not. It's not fair to him, you know. Just like you know, I think we gotta let LG you know, continue to grow and do what he's got to do. I mean og works and extremely hard and and I think I've seen him work a lot. You know and coming to James team early and work on his game. I. Just think you know we just just gotta, you know let him be himself and again continue to grow and and and and and I'm sure he's excited about the season after you know last season with a lot. Everything is when he went through last season and it was definitely tough year for him. Just not like just mentally. Also so I think he's excited about the season. Man and I'm excited for him, and you know can't wait to see my eternal Corey Pascal Lamy example, as we Canada terrible et preserve voyage met, know who to go. Basketball kills so heart on proven defeat: a coach, a Masai Ujiri on security, Oliver police, the responsibility come on to Papa Phillip or hunter responsibility in four classes. On soccer Massey, responsible Massey of Shiva, my CTA si si si Saket shows the the move. Ours is Shiva moment. Compounded that lie I was at approach until either the the dish really stopped. Our president, the Bal danke Thomas's exit on occasion and then to Mike, who is back on your Toronto jibun jishin, like a Sunday Miriam escucha song in praise from different honorable consensus amongst our Shanker carotenuto vodkas, important, no patrician, see pour moi ce c'est la meme chose continue e, a mayor who consumer developes I, treat him on objective, a Louis for masses, some sophomores and compensate for Massey citrus resolved or Athena - too bad valiant pestilences, the Suez us for calluses or sorry continued. The group Anubhava preserve divorce attorney on Saturn's, lady de novo degen. Ask you to ponder hold the Montreux Harvick of excision, well-seasoned dragon Tony, keep o vamos para mañana. Modded from the mountains are CCS said continue. As you said, more fat Concha have a joke spawns cases. He say by example: coochie-coochie cheap one place, Ivan, Kupala, Massey, considered more may Sparkle mahogany people function shows them. Why a petition to dissolve it? How's easy, thank you you one, but thank you for putting me in that spot. You know here, I think we had a buildup. We had three days to build up, so we had over three and a half million people on the streets and the parade was over six hours long. That gives you a lot of time to do a lot of things in a in a parade in Spain we flew overnight, we got in, you know laid we went to see the king. We went to see the the president and then we pretty much. You know let the present house and drove down you know. So it's not comparable. We don't have another of a buildup, but I had a great time in both so can't be one buddy, sorry to Ryan who's, just in the middle on your right here you mentioned the celebrations the past six months, but just for you personally and professionally these past six months, keep trying, explain how much they meant to you. Yeah. It's been great to just to be in that position of being part of a of a team that it has a chance to win. It obviously I think the MBA, the grind that you go through the year. You know how I got here laid adapting to a new team, a new role, a new city, a new country. Everything was you know, a new challenge in and I was just happy to to adapt to anything that was thrown at me. Then, from series to series I thought that team grew a lot. We never I. Think I said that said that last year, I just loved how we never pointed fingers at one another. We always you know attacked it as a team as a unit. We face challenges without a doubt. We made mistakes. Life is about making mistakes, but how you react to those mistakes. A thing is what defines and I think every mistake that we made. We reacted accordingly and, and we made adjustment, the coaching staff was amazing, so you know that process of making mistakes and fixing Mexican mistakes and fixing it you know to cuss to win a championship. So I think that that feeling that that that's what I like you know that that feeling of a fulfillment that you get is like. Okay, you adapted to every challenge was thrown at you and and eventually you want it so I, don't know what will makes me more. Happy is just you know, winning it or how you win. It so I know it's down front to your left, Bruce Arthur from the Toronto Star Marc. How do you view this team without Kawhi and without Danny, as in terms of the project of going forward, and what you can work you can kind of expect from these Raptors um if I had to do is private, as one word I would say, hungry I think is a very hungry team. You know we all understand what y-you know meant to the team and and how well he played in the playoffs, but we also understand you know with how we, how good we can be as a team, and we are going to invest everything in it to be that team. So I'm not worried I'm just excited about starting training, cam and I start working, and on that chemistry you know when, when you spend the time the summer apart, you know chemistry kind of separates a little bit now you you bring it all together again, you're gonna do all the little things again, because if not you're, just not gonna win it. No matter who's on your team, so um I, just I, just like the character of the team. The mindset of the team obviously we're fortunate to have the same coaching staff. So that's that's great CBC sports, winning the NBA championship and then the world championship. How does that change your outlook going into this season? It? Doesn't? It doesn't I think you know. As a player, you varies short-sighted when you lose, you know you reprogram and you go into a next challenge. When you win is sort of the same thing. The only part is obviously you you have. You spend made weeks with the national team over the summer. You haven't. You know you haven't had that much time to build all you wanted to build to be ahead of in the season, but being the the medical staff and the coaches to have have a great plan and and I'm you know, I'm excited I'm, just you know mentally really really energized to face another season so that that I think, if your mind wants it and it's ready for it and the rest will follow good Asha who's down front on your right I'm with CBC News Marketplace we're doing a story about basketball shoes, so I want to know how you think your shoes give you an edge when you're playing on the court. Well, you keep me grounded, that's for sure, see me grounded at all times. It's not because I'm not athletic, it's because the shoes. So now you want to feel comfortable and to give you a lot of support, especially for a big guy I, don't care much about the looks, but you want to kind of look at them apart, but I don't know I, don't you know Nike always does a great job I've always been with the same brand. For for all my career since, since I was, you know, started being professional, so you know I've been very fortunate to be negative whole time. They always do a good job of throwing new stuff and new products, and technology has been. You know so progressive that you know it's hard to catch up, but you want them to be supportive. That's all you want from the shoes, at least for me any other English questions, because we'll move on to Spanish, sorry Joseph, so we'll finish with you and then go on to Spanish questions, Joseph azshara, the score mark you mentioned hungry as a word that comes to mind coming off of the summer. You've had how much of that is just now, knowing what it feels like to be on top and not wanting to come down, and how much of that is. Maybe you guys hearing some of the doubt. That's out there about this team in the absence of Kauai I think we all been through it. I think you look at the roster with you know all the players that make this team at some point, I think your ears they've been overlooked. So for us it's nothing new. We just got to do the little things that we need to do in order to become that team. Again. Obviously you take why you take the anyway. That's that's not going to change, but that void is going to be filled. You know by the team, not just we can expect one guy to do all the other work we all gonna have our part in and we all have to chip in, but always having the team. As the main you know thing we can just want one guy just because I won the 20 hour. We won the 20 that are missing with 25 shots for us to win and the game and as many games as possible. So, move on to Spanish questions on the very back on the left mark Nelson, Perry, Hispanics, first video, a alland Olo loss, surah al Casio, este este, Verano parity, Campion, no I meant a few I Campanella Nevaeh, a da da Matta SOC and Omega Easton cuenta. Lo KH, o EO e I meant a respected Eva interested in parada control of cambio canario pero. Oh I meant economy, Luciana party; no, no, no! No Timbo! Para para reflection! Re! You probably said either two logs a pasado in a routine mode. Messes no I meant no to a team with a moment per a entonces, so okld acquire pues. Lo lo, very different estoy muy Feliz año sin duda in and referenda I said temporada sooner or rito. Yo creo que los cuales around esto en el rato in delante yo creo que el equipo, esta muy am Brienne. Tow poor in paths are no Creole mundo, tiene a sense. A fee on the Ramos Landis crosses another line. You pass all you justice at Toronto, favorito, esta pasando orellana's help incipio can be always so. Equal chriskiss have to roll to papel en el equipo. Esta temporada, oh we haven't agreed on our is different. I mean England, published interview line. You know, nerado is like CJ. No, it's again chakra chakra louder into this: a okay, oh! No! No, no affinity, loss on yours, okay, see splat! Okay, lipoprotein is Mucha Mescalero in corporal no less specials company, Rosella, conscious, mucho mas, is to improve my family, are less familiar. Prof in alpena he'll, admit my special cadence affair. Para para: ser, un equipo de éxito, nosotros empezar mañana Antron, are among the empathetic questionnaires, como como group, otra, vez por el finales is looking cuenta, guess I'm, assuming hippo. You know: luminous importantes de papel. No, no se Mirabelle dependent allure, you weaponeer como, siempre, taurus, perfume, the belly, hippo and papel de uno, dos colossal hasta que nos tiene, el camino del mundo, Ebola, wrapped Oh, por supuesto uncle in Argentina perfume party, the mihrab, oh, no see a convener una una final general phone cuando su equipo, skata-hara, muchísimo and momentos de lima. Difficile is Emil's not in esperaba close, give us to V Ramos and a final para encontrar más, para para, la temporada, ellos, eran, -, wrapped or mark condition. This I'm Brienne today the the their whoever I'm into the mega gnar. Yes, Lou important, deter me a few muy grande para sermon, equipo, importante, syndulla, one more right: next door, gonna say: buenos tardes, como, estado, Felicita Sione's por, si campeonato de siempre. Se habla am Pablo de la historia es la historia y como, se puede a versa copla, oh yeah, a loss, a loss, rap toes como se, para esta temporada, yeah, la passione, celica, bara, nice, a grin celebration, Paso VA me siento, muy, muy mooch, my family air, con contour mundo, para interfere, mucho, mas family are colorful, yo creo que so is death. It was seen at the mass komodo pero sin. New contender mean negative emotion, human red lantern, us true econ in computer hands, our Fronteras c'mon t-bo, you Bruce down front and to the story. Mike I didn't see your hand up there. I apologize, Kyle, Bruce Arthur from the Toronto Star after last season after the championship after your summer. What are you looking to get out of this season with this team? Another championship I mean it's always the same goal. For me, you know I'm motivated even more another. Ever now we get to taste of it. You always want it. You know you get a little bit of taste of it. You want to continue to grow and continue to get it, and you want to continue through that feeling. It's an unexplainable feeling, but you want it Michael, Grange from Sports Net. How are you I'm good? How are you I'm good thanks when Masai was here? He was talking about your free agency and and and said you have a legacy here and that it would be different than then and another player entering a contract here. Well, when you, what does that mean to you and and how are you gonna approach this contract here? You know I, think you know it's. It's been a long time. I've been here the longest now you know, I've been through the ups downs. I was able to help bring a championship here. You know from the sounds: whenever take talking about tanking for certain players, so I mean I'm, not saying I'm, the sole reason but I feel like I have a big part of it. You know, and now we're really worried about the free agency thing. You know my representation have been talking to them about doing something, and you know nothing's been you know you know obviously not taking care of, but you know it's the only long conversation. But for me it's just going on here and doing my job like I always do be a true professional and lead to the best. I can I think I've always done hey Kyle Lindsey with City TV I'm gonna quote you from last year. So don't sass me on this, but you called yourself old and said that you're but you're worried more now, but you're recovering and bounce back you've had a shorter offseason and you get a little procedure. How are you feeling um feel great I'm, not where I want to be. You know it took a long time. Mr. long season, we you, you know you go that far and you know kudos to the team that do it back-to-back years and you know hopefully I'm another player and the same question happens to me next year, but I'm not where I want to be physically mentally. You know still working progress. Everything for me has been pushed back a month so but I feel good. I'm in you know I'm in solid shape, where I need to not where I need to be, but I need to where I am right now is where I can be, where I am right now, but yes, this isn't be a process. It's going to be. You know, I'm not going to go balls to the wall, I'm a slow roll, a little bit and my let's say balls to the wall. How long I mean I, really don't care but but yeah I'm, slow rolling and make sure you know that I'm fully ready to go when the times you know time ago? Okay, what what does it mean to you for this team to be hosting a game on Christmas Day? This season I've never been to one to like trial and anything sharp when I say, but this be great it'd be awesome. You know have an opportunity to for the fans to see having a chance to play on Christmas at that time. It's awesome shorter day for me, I won't be able to celebrate it as much, but you know it'd be fun. You know, especially, but the good thing is having at 12 o clock, you have the full day to kind of celebrate it and yeah be fun so going to asha who's down front into your right eye. Are you I'm good? How are you I should table messin with CBC News Marketplace we're doing a story about basketball shoes, so I want to know how you think your shoes help your performance on the court. Oh adidas, the crazy brand out there shout their dudas, keep the chest stomach yeah, suppose that there you go right there. It is the greatest brand ever to help me perform at a high level with their creators. Shoes I was hey Kyle Lewis at ceman Raptors republic. The team is really young. Now a lot of young guys, especially in training camp people, have talked about you today. As a mentor. Has there been anybody in particular you've clicked with really how to bond with um meaning like right now today, no no I mean I'm, honestly I've. This is my first day being here. You know: I have a long year to get to know these guys and mr. process, I haven't had a chance to really honestly I literally haven't had a chance. So it's day one, you know everyone knows Freddie Freddie's, my guy, you know that's my guy. So if you I guess Freddie, but that's you know if any Hong Kong for years now and yeah figured out as we go, hey Kyle miles, Victor CBC sports. What do you see from Pascal that could help him? Take another leap, this season I think just the the consistency of shooting at you know, jump shot with. You know, defenders on him, and you know when defenders back off him, because they're gonna back off him because it's his talent, his speed, his skill at the basket, they're gonna back off him I think that jump shot. That taken that shot, that mid-range, that three consistently and just taking it in and being consistent with it will will help him. Take the next leap. You know, I think just as more his playmaking abilities and he's only in year. Four you got is his growth pattern, it's continuing to grow and it's gonna keep continue those upwards, so I'm is just about. You know him getting better, confident, comfortable, we're doing everything even more and just doing it so Mike who's standing up on your right here. Oh hey, hey, go I, don't my gain eternal son, um, just NBA champions. Are you getting the respect that past champions have got? Do you feel and or do you even care? I, don't care, but you know I, think it's more! So about the you know: you're you're, you're, you it's it's about the whole! Oh sorry, I was thinking but I'm, not completely blacked out um I'm, a don't worry about the respect. I think you know from our our counterparts everywhere. I've gone, you know guys are so happy for you know our team and for me- and you know it's our peers and for the peers that you know I've seen this summer. You know it's just about the respect about us. I, don't care what you know. Other people who say in whoever says what you know we know we've accomplished and who cares what other people think, but we know we've accomplished in our pairs. You know understand you know the work that they're gone and that has one into it and one more from Ian who's down into your right last question: you say: oh cool, make it a good one. That's right, I want to know what, if anything, you've thought about what it will feel like on October 22nd when you watch a banner unfurl and slip on a championship ring I was a good one. I think um I think that's when it's gonna finally hitting you know, I still haven't kind of let it sink sink in as much but I think when a banner rises and rings come on. I think that's where you kind of really feel it. Thank you. You you that's more. We know that the cost of taking a ferry is a lot and it's difficult for a lot of families. The BC government has taken some strong measures to make life easier by reducing the costs by making it easier for seniors, but we want to take it a bit further, so we're announcing a 30 million dollar investment to boost investments into the current existing agreement with BC in the ferries. We know this will help with more service. You and a good basketball shoe, ah most important for me. I always you know when I wear basketball, shoes I always worry about my ankle. You know when I, when I was young I used to twist a lot of ink or every time I was playing. I didn't know why? But you know, since that you know, I really be paying attention shoes, especially if he's high high top or low top. So just a comfortable of that of the ink oh and make sure you know it's high top and I think that's that's the most reported look on the shoes. They search welcome back era, Kareem the athletic. Obviously, some notable changes about the team. What do you view? How do you view this team and what it can accomplish this year? I think you know a lot of people. I heard a lot of people be saying you know, we've all the change we made all the team made and you know it's gonna be different and you know we're not gonna even make a playoff. You know at this. It sometimes I smile, because it's not true, you know, you know we lost Kauai, we lost Danny, but we still have a same group of Champions. You know and those who did it wasn't the only champion. You know we got guys, you know as a champion and now we have the mentality of the champion and we know how what it take to be a champion and then the good thing about it too. We have the new guys, all new guys, you know, and they you know, they're hungry, they're, ready to learn and and to you know, to have the team and we're gonna from how experienced we gonna. You know we're gonna make sure we help them. So we can all be in the same boat and how good is the same? You know how gross em just last year and this year is gonna, be the same, no matter what the situation is just in front of him. Ryan, hey, Serge! You worked so hard to be an NBA champion for so many years. How has that changed things just in your life as a player heading into the season? How has it changed it? Well, uh. It did show nothing. You know and uh, like you say, I walk my whole life to be where I'm one now, but it did change me because my I'm Siddha I'm still have the same goal and I was hungry. I I want more, you know, so. I always wanted more and I'm gonna I'm always gonna. Have that me? That's not gonna change he's gonna change. My personality I was gonna, I'm, gonna, relax or I'm, not gonna stay the same serge ibaka, you know, and then you know the only thing is gonna I. Just the only different I think now is a more much of it now because now I know how to take to win championship and now I'm, more motivated and to you know and hungry to for more that's I. Think that's really different. I want more now. You know, because before they have nothing, my focus. My goal was just to win one. Now, my first one now one more so that's already different. No other English questions, we'll move on to French and Spanish. So go to Miriam and French down here. First row on your right search ourselves: Bienvenue appreciate ET man on Susie kettle on vegan janka pls as chromium on spoons on parler français, Digimon Kiska taboos when Daytona Coupe de la pata shwa pour gagner in Segawa OG Coco. Come you keep on, say, como, como, fear, Pagani a promote equality, keep secure til. They keep on the favorites. The continuing MC, certainly on a particular minuto of the chief sadaqa. Yet partly under caution at Hawaii a concern as we age we can. We keep a to mandra service at set Aneesa ready for a to Mon droit played for a dilly. Keep on Patricia's to viable Rachelle new, bourgeois destructive on saint spyridon juju, the marc gasol eagle ma come on to achieve a Tramonto putin was active on sankarea tony keep oscillation decidua la my risotto. My said the delay idea: epiphyseal a tradition, participate fazil asif a date was on communism' design, system, collective process or to Nuvo magic. Okay, awesome come one Emma, Kokopelli coach. All afternoon the gnome you poke a lizard to centigrade, so comfortable, make leveled the Toronto two words that says on come on: - aah, - holy it's good to prove a visa, legit or the mayor, says mmm all always say: Mahalo passion, g/mol, pathology, new villain mm. All the passengers you connect on the beach we do. Travail is the veneer. The city, a demonic, keep a up crab. Oh si si s set to port interior set up. Ah still a poor kapa, many pizzicato say the visit. The a dilly keep it at la coka. Keeper como coach, with the manufacturer Co, shows Somali supported at Casa Casas Dupuy Superbad se llama console console tray of the chief individual, the PC port of a team, a conscious, Jaguar compromise assets as small as amethyst on the wall shows continued to to travail, be a it's silly reg during to Vova near she second affair. Comic keep landed there near supersonic champion, search to your right here in Spanish, search in gracias, por responder in espanol improv, a lugar super fun, efficient, difficile, no aku deal mondiale hablado con tus company releases, Felicita operate 304 in segundo, lugar the car I stay on you, esta temporada, Qualis to principal red too personal. What I see decision facility, pelo, hace, unos dos semanas Kate, am in about a local knowledge to collect this colleague and Espania may talk until you are destroyed ski Mira. You able dissonance our Arabia sub s totally sauce the Sandusky ball anyway, yeah siempre con Eva to sleep you tava or Conesus service, Cavazos, Laputa bar you simply espanol como Eukarya siempre inspection. As a new car new co, cambio e. He was a new ski condo at Yukon yukia, the color selection, Ellis I'm. Sure me llamo MF. We item in with a new SKU Korea econ, a section, the section to me: llamo Bali, tsunami calmness and suno cambio me me of the TiVo or parameter control, a selection simply to ballet I, said no mokou. He Dominican semi-auto ball Posada to let me simply mechanical a ganodi resection bono. Ok tokens que esta. No. He called a con con me recent personal, a no puedo year, Asuka tampoco kimono IDO, esta no II. This is a murky as cambiar esto, a cambiado me Manila, the bear or B minor, a bicycle, a section si wall. But if si que estan, you know poly up okay to move his own personal, don't kosis personal, confirm, alia, Alia, para stuff! We see bolo, para, para, para! Let me have it too personal, yo Stan! You me before commas sabes. You Doyle equipo me to pass him as a faux pas de batalla, keepo porque es el mismo gate. Ok, h, o a new pasado y missile udn. It assist noble campbell, esta esta mentally de esta pista meto for hay ahora su CompTIA. No, so this was a wall. Como siempre you sick was cicchitto behind. Oh, but I stopped fi del equipo y logo. You have a condo to asset necrosis bien y otras, autos, casabas, salli, ala door, service, hello, the mass supporters at a keepo, our Obispo para me, Pocoyo, say AHA duro, ironic, hippo, tell you the second pure como si ahora y boy, I said news: one person on San, Jose and Sue's. Me me. It's a base me still look away less than your color canal call me: people search Newberry, Hispanic source media. A me pronto up con respecto itno, a coma piensan que que pone, so clear, oh I meant the hose ends: important s: Kamala Danny II, like Hawaii e om intake, quando vista last election. Oh, you meant eleven Terrell mundial a CTO, see the Aaron gonna Lester I know depart premier Co soon LaBelle Aquino supporter Susi s to dos por que no se puede hacer America y, no se puede ver. Lo que podemos a service vamos, a jugar ballasts esto por que temos ladoris bueno con Esperanza. He especially maintain our so most companies case I, most common ganar. You have almost necrosis news by ibn Louis - Segundo prune prune today's meal and wakara sectional c4 bonito bear for window pepper; oh no! No! No, pursue the chaos, not no prosodic a CT lucky star, I even oh okay, fuller decision, the zebra, City; okay, nobody is Macario con esto, pero, fue, muy, bonito, free bonito, a beer, a los compañeros de ganar 11th, a la copa. Okay, you how? Let's start with Miriam down front thanks, Emma fronting to your right, hi Norman welcome back emiram from CBC Gazoo Canada. A lot of people have been talking about one specific word that you're wearing on your shirt: the grind: how do you feel that will illustrate this year with this new team, new players, adjustments I, think it goes together perfectly. You know having to take advantage of opportunities given to us on what happened and this offseason with Kawhi and Danny leaving. We got a lot of new guys on the team learning what this team's about the the floor, the offense and what we expect. So it's gonna be a grind. You know it's gonna, be a lot of work put in and making sure you know we're at the same level we were at back in June when we won the championship. You know starting off on a strong. No, so it's gonna be very important for us to be able to to focus in, and the training camps coming up and get ready for this season. It's gonna be a lot of fun, especially with the new guys, like I said before, and we still got the core team so getting those guys I can made it and on the same page he knows it's gonna be fun. So I feel, like my model, really fits into this team really well in or miles Victor CBC sports. How does the team dynamic change with yourself and Fred and Pascal sort of one year further into your Raptors career and no longer? Viewed? As you know, the young guys I think we like that so long. We have used as young guys and now we're like young vets pretty much, because we still got Serge and Kyle and Mark guys has been through it, so we're just a tear below them, so young vets was still hoping the new guys get adjusted to what Nick. Once you know, we got our little mini camp heading into training, camp and being a part of that playing pickle with them talking to them still doing the stuff in the summer with them. So I think going in this year is gonna be a lot of fun. You know it's a time, an opportunity for us to take a huge step forward in the opportunity in front of us, so I know talking to frightened Pascal we've all been very excited about that. We all joke about that and we're just looking forward to get out there and competing I'm just looking ahead. A little bit. Christmas Day games have become such a big staple, a big spotlight for the NBA. What does it mean to you and this team to be hosting a game on Christmas Day this season? It means everything for me personally, you know growing up, I, always look forward to the Christmas day games watching a the NBA after I opened up gifts and presents I, know everybody's really tied and locked into those games, and just being here in Toronto the past couple years, everybody being upset that you know we, we didn't get a Christmas Day game in previous years and to be able to be a part of that now. I know everybody in Toronto and in a and in Canada he's gonna be really excited, so I expect the ratings for TV gonna be insane and the game to be sold out for sure. So it's a it's a big moment. It's a big chance for us to go out there and perform on Christmas Stephen lung Sports, Net, hey Norman, welcome back! Thank you. You have with Hawaiian Danny gone now, there's, obviously a lot more opportunity at the wing position. Has there been any talk of like an expanded role for you for this season? Yeah. Definitely, you know an exit meeting. We talked about opportunities that going forward and what my focus should be man. My focus has been that I'm I've prepared myself for this. You know I, might put the timing up with the work in and focusing on all areas of my game. Not just one specific thing, I feel like in previous years. I was try to focus and improve on certain areas, and now I had a chance to improve on everything and really look into what this team is. Gonna need and what's available for the taking and I've done that you know and I'm very confident in the work that I put in- and you know, I'm just gonna go out there and and lay it all on the line. Let the work show and and go from there. You know, I put the timing up with the work, and so now it's just about believing in myself and believing in my ability and going out there and letting this show and having fun standing up to your right here. Greg, hey, I'm, Greg, strong, CP I was looking at the Vegas odds earlier and they list the Raptors is 33 to one picks. To win the championship. 11 teams are favored to win ahead of you. I'm curious, whether you think this version of the Raptors is getting enough respect as defending champions honestly, uh I don't, and we don't I can answer that as a collective unit like we don't pay attention to that, we really don't care what the odds are. What people are saying I mean it's been like that since I first came to this team as a rookie, we've always been the least favored to win to make it out the first round to play off the east. Whatever it is, you know we've always had that on us. You know and I think nothing changes. Our focus is still the same. We know what we're capable of. We know what the team, what this team can do with the players that we've had we've had the core group of the guys returning, so it doesn't really matter what they say is all that matters is if we go out there and play together and play the way we should and get gently at the right time and get back to where we can. You know we all have the belief that we can run it back and we're gonna go to with that. Despite what's being written or talked about, you know, with the way Nick coach is. Are you expecting kind of a starting lineup to be a fluid situation again kind of this year, depending on like matchups? That sort of thing we'll see you know, I know uh Nicky likes to change the don't line up a lot based on the matchups and I. Think we're gonna see a little bit of that just to see just to get a fill of everybody. What the players can do, how they, how they flow together the chemistry with the different guys in different lineups, because we have such a versatile team and we have so many players that can play different positions and spots, so I think training, camp and a pre-season you're gonna see a lot of change in lineups. Maybe the started: a game started a half different guys, maybe in different spots, just to see what really works and what really goes so. It's gonna be interesting. You know I know he likes to keep the opposing team on their toes and changeup defensive flow of the game. Different things like that. So I think this thing's gonna still be the same just because we have so many different guys. I complained, uh different positions last one from Ian down front, hey Norma just did in in terms of looking around player movement over the summer, specifically with the East. Who do you see perhaps as the main challenger to your guys crown as Conference champs here I think I mean Milwaukee is still a team. They've kept pretty much the whole team together. I know they lost Brogdon. They have some good additions. Philly had some good additions. I feel like the East is: is his balance possible Bricklin wit with Kyrie to change his would uh Charlotte and uh Boston? You know they still got their their their core guys and Kimball going to Boston. It's really big for them. So I think that the East is really balanced. You know and uh it's been balanced, probably last year as well. You know the game separating for the teams that were in the playoffs and not in the playoffs was half a game, a game, so I think it's gonna be a good tight fought race this year in the east and I, don't see too much separation between a team on any given night I feel like any team, can be anybody, so you got to be on your a-game every night thanks everybody, I'm gonna bring Fred in right. After this you you, it was hurt. Me um tell them what to expect and then, at the end of the day they got to go to it themselves. So I did when I got here. I had some good vests that that looked out for me and she told me the way, told me the way and then you got to go out there and bump your head and learn, learn just like anybody else. So there's no shortcuts in this thing um but uh. We got some good young guys, and you know the future is bright for them same Road. Just at the end, read to your left: Lois, hey, Fred, Lewis, that's Minh! Republic! Welcome! Back hope you had a good summer. Terrence Davis took a similar route to Toronto, as you took, which is relatively rare. Have you guys had a chance to chat about that? Have you given him any words of wisdom? Yeah we talked, we talked all summer. You know that was something I was brought up to me, but as he signed was you know, here's this kid who undrafted I think he got added to summer league late, so I must have I. Think I missed him in summer league, but I got a chance to take him out for dinner and learn more about his story, and just we got to chop it up and I got to give him some game and just tell him. You know that he's on the right path, he's a talented guy and, like I, said, there's no shortcut so he's got to go through the ringer, just like everybody else, I joke with him that his sallies a little bit hard and mine was three years ago due to the cap and the way is going up, but other than that man he's a heck of a player, and you know. Hopefully he can be one of the guys that can help us off the bench this year, a show with CBC News Marketplace, we're doing a story about basketball shoes, so I want to know what do you look for in a good basketball shoe to help you on the court? For me, he's got to be low top just the way my feet work. It's got to be sturdy, a little bit light I'm, not the fastest guy in the world, so any type of a little uh advantage. I can get hopefully they're light and comfortable, but more so than that, it's got to be something that can take the load of my body and the way I move and keep me injury free. So I'll, shuffle around I, found a couple that I like and once I find one I stick to it so we're at the back on the left: hey Fred miles, Victor CBC sports as somebody who's sort of grown up with Pascal on the raptors. What do you see from him that he could make another leap this season? Oh I mean what there's nothing you can't do so I, don't know that's up to him. The sky's. The limit Pascal was the only one who can tell us what to expect from him. He's gonna keep adding he's. Gonna keep growing. Keep evolving last year was a tremendous jump for him. I, don't see why there can't be another jump from him this year and, if he's anything close to how good he was last year, we'll be in good shape. So just look to be there to support them and- and you know, keep helping and keep growing and we're all in this thing together, two questions down front on your left, so Bruce and then Mike afraid you talked about when kawaii. If kawaii left, you were just gonna have to go, kick his ass. When you look at this team, I think you're you're, ranked I'll think 11th and the betting odds for a championship. How do you view this season as defending champions, but without Kawhi and without Danny? You know we were ranked last year. No, neither okay, yeah I, don't know same way. I looked at it last year. You know, obviously we're not favourites, I think. If Kawhi woulda came back and Danny would have came back with the same team, we could have been favourites to win it, but I'm not sure how much that stuff matters I, think you got to go out. There got lace them up. You gotta put a lot of work in you got to stay really good and grow throughout the year and towards the end of the year. You got to be playing some of your better basketball and then there's two months from April to the end and there's gonna be ups and downs. We've got blown out. We blew teams out, we had injuries, you know, there's a lot of stuff along the way that goes into winning championships. So it's not as cut and dry as people want to make a scene. Oh no, you guys got a righteous stories, but it's a journey and I mean every word of that. It's a journey and I'm just looking forward to being on this journey with this team that we have an attacking net and trying to go win another one right next to Mike red michael grange from Sportsnet. Are you yeah? What was your has been? Maybe your favorite moment as an NBA champion. If there's been one so far and about when did you kind of flip the switch and say that's done now, it's time to move on I. Think probably the two moment stick out to me is the process of from Game one to Game. Six of this light being on the floor playing well winning and saying: okay, like we're gonna, do this. We know we're gonna. Do this! There's nothing gonna, stop us from winning this and then winning it and then the after-effects of that right. The parade's! You know I'll go back home and get a parade everywhere. You go you're the biggest thing in the world, so you you soak all that up as you should we put a lot of blood, sweat and tears into that literally, and you know you got to reap the rewards of that and then ten days went by I didn't do anything and I started getting bored and I started back lifting and put my plan together of like getting ready for the new season and started thinking about how I can become a better player. And you know here we are getting ready to go to camp and just like I said I super excited. You know for what lies ahead thanks very much. Alright, thank you in the scrum area and that's probably about ten minutes. You you.