Michael grant reports enough. How is your feeling going into training camp 2019-20 compared to this time? He requested very different I think last year, I think. Well, we did this press conference I. Think I was sitting with Hawaiian Danny I'm sitting all alone. No, no! It's our more excited, we're excited about our season and obviously Hawaii decided to go to to play with the Clippers and I team. I thought why excited about young players, veteran players and you you continue to build in this league and I know this question is coming outside of the back. You know that I can't sit here and trade tomorrow and then Hawaii leaves us and we upset, because that's just that's just the nature of the business and we understand it and we move on as an organization and I think there are many bright spots with our team, whether it's our veteran players, whether it's our players coming up and the younger group that was developing, were always going to be a developing team. I think we can see that with a scarf read norm, these young guys that we've developed, so we go in confident about who we are, as a team were excited about, the flexibility that we're going to have in the future picks young players and when we go to go from there, the ciphers are the Toronto Star, given how you're coming off a championship season and given how you gloss they're. Quite as I said, what do you consider to be realistic expectations for this team going forward and looking at this season, with big decisions potentially on whether you keep expiring contracts remove them? What do you want to get out of this season going into the end of the year? First of all, you know I think the expectations always in sports is to win. We play sports to win, there's nothing else to all the dance we want say whatever we want rebuild love of anything you do you play sports to win. It's that simple and love playing to win you build from there. You see how your team reacts, I think guys are going to step up. I think guys are up for the challenge and for me, the all the focus always on our team is always going to be winning. We said this from the beginning when we got here and we believe in that that this team will win and I think it rests on my shoulders to adjust whenever we need to adjust this team to prepare us for. What's coming in the future, as I done Smith the Toronto Star um, we saw a huge jump from Pascal last year. Who do you expect or hope to get that kind of incremental increase from this year? I think I think Pascal will make another jump, I think I think Freddie's I think is really coming. He showed some really good leadership in the summer with development and then I. Oh gee had a very unlucky year, I think last year and he's had a very good summer and pre pre season in in terms of just training before before. Today, what we're excited about that more excited about, and chris boucher all the young players might think, like Nick nurse and coaching staff really do a great job of taking advantage of the summer and what how these guys develop and whether it's physically or skill, wise and emphasis on shooting, which I think Nick is very big on so most of the all of the young guys were very excited about Pat Macau. He had a little bit of an unlucky year - last year, both of those guys had unfortunate deaths in their families and and then very untimely injuries right when they were on the cusp of gain into contributing to this team. So there's a refresh on their minds and I think they'll be in a good place. Second row in the middle there by Ryan, McNeal Atholton filter get some time in Africa. This summer mean think back on. Your time in Africa this summer were some Isis to kill for you. It was I. There was really a really really unbelievable journey to go and to visit eight countries on the continent, but I think the two biggest ones we're going back to where I grew up the basketball court. That I grew up. I think that just to see people there and and how I how I grew up and to see where I am and where my family is today, that was that was really amazing. For me to go to Mogadishu I think was once and Juba in South Sudan. Those that was that was really cool to go. That was I was awesome to go and see those people, those people and how they live, and their culture and I try and give give back a little bit as I. Remember that for the rest of my life and I will go back to those places Miriam from CBC Hozuki nada. Do you expect your guys to be mentors to the younger newer guys? And if so, how do you expect them to be those mentors to them? Well, I think Kyle surgeon castle really really showed maturity in the playoffs last year. The rollercoaster that this this game can bring is is incredible and I thought those guys showed unbelievable composure as veteran players and I think is going to transfer into into this year. You saw the contributions from from all of them, and you saw the camaraderie between all the players on our team. All the young players look up to these guys and it's been a journey. It is it's come from experience. It's come from spending time together, it's come from trust when I think I'll, mark and Serge have built. That and I think that's one of the things that makes this team unique that you speak to them in the summer, and there were times when we were low and those veteran players where they will always come. They were always confident and reassuring for the young players, which we really appreciate as an organization and even as a team air cream way back into your left side. Do you Bruce asked about the expiring contracts you might have to make a decision on at some point in the air? Do you view Kyle's situation as any different than anybody else's just because of sort of his history with the franchise and what he's meant over the years? No question no question. I. Think kinda has a incredible legacy here. That I think we all have underrated, I. Think we've we've had our ups and downs and bumps and grinds you know, but the inner core of who is as a player and what he's done in this on his franchise. You know he he definitely deserves that. I think there's there's legacy status for him. In my opinion, somebody does giving it his all five-time all-star. Well, while we've been here, I think that we could have been a six-time all-star that first one was a close shave and we were all disappointed, I, remember exactly where I was when when we, when we heard but everything he's given, you know we can say what we want about Kyle. You know he comes and he gives it his all on on the court, and it would give me a headache once once a month, but that's fine, you know like that's. That's our relationship and I really respect him for that and will always pay column. I. Think that respect what he's done for this city, for this ballclub I think is, is is remarkable. You all know, while sitting here as many of you here, we all know we sat down here six years ago and we will never write this script. This way in any way any form of dreams or anything, and this is where it is I'm proud of him for that in the side, miles: Victor, CBC sports. What do you see in Pascal that could help him to become the number one? Guy he's just become a diverse player that I think a very dynamic player that continues to grow. He's gonna have more on his shoulders. I think this year and I think he accepts that he knows that there is a responsibility and he's up for the challenge. I think every day we've seen his game continue to grow and grow, and you have ups and downs, and this season is I think is a good season for him to to actually grow as a as a player to potentially get to. Where we all feel he can be as a player which I think you know could be one of the best players in the league down front into your left side. There was a lot of movement around the NBA this summer. How would you assess the contenders to the title that you guys currently hold? Who do see if the team's coming to try and take it away? There's a lot of parody in the league I think by that's a I. Think it's a good thing for for the league. Lots of teams, I think if you say who's going to come out of the East I, think it's a question. I think for the first time it's a question who is going to win the NBA championship? I, don't think anybody knows I, don't think anybody knows who is going to come out of the West. There are very, very strong teams there and there's good balance. Good balance of the players I think, unfortunately, with the injuries of Kevin, Durant and and klay Thompson, those those guys are like big-time players, but I'm sure they will be back strong, but the balance of the league I think is is great and it will be interesting to see I think people pay attention to more games this year and then we have been in the past few years. I was just wondering: are there any players right now in the league that you have your eyes on? Can we expect any surprises this season in terms of someone you might want to bring on I can't talk about that publicly. We are always looking everywhere for players and I can't be giving away no secrets now: mm-hmm Thank, You, Emma, sighs Scott from CTV News. Normally, when a team wins a championship, it's a big deal for a city and its fans. Obviously, last year what you guys did was big for the country and beyond. Was there a moment over the summer where you realized the enormity of what you and the team achieved? It's really a good question, because I haven't watched, anything I haven't I, wouldn't seen anything I, wouldn't rewatched anything but I would say this. My parents are in town for for their checkups and they were at the house and they were watching the parade. My wife and the kids and I was doing stuff around and and then they watched the highlights kind of the story. The journey on one of the channels of you, I, don't know whether it was YouTube or something and uh I was walking past and I watched it I stood and watched for a couple minutes and honestly it just brought back an incredible feeling. You know like and I can wait, maybe to one day just locked myself in the basement or something and and watch it all, but I haven't even it. The summer has been so fast and just to see you know you see those highlights, and you see those guys like sweating and and Pumpkin Fest and and being so tough and I actually looked at the screen. For that second and I said to myself, I was I was incredible. No! No. That was really incredible, then sometimes I I beat I, beat myself up for not really maybe enjoying it as much and during the journey. But in our positions, honestly, you can't Hey well Yahoo Sports Canada, you mentioned Pascal, potentially taking another leap this coming year. How does that factor into a potential contract negotiation? An extension we've had conversations, we've had conversations with Pascal's representation and more excited more excited, whether it's going to be this fall or whether it's going to be in the summer. Is somebody y definitely going to keep for a long time here, and we see we see what the potential of that could be so where we've had conversations with them and we'll see where that takes us thanks very much everybody. Thank you. Thank you.