Thank You doc, down to your left, yeah Doug Smith, the Toronto Star, going into this season with championship defending a championship, what's different for you and how do you sort of ramp yourself up again to having gone through such a long year? Last year, yeah I, just don't I, think opportunity abounds right, I, think it's it's a new season, I feel almost exactly the same as I felt a year ago, and the expectations are the same. That I had we're. Gonna we're gonna, try to play a style that we play play. A lot of people prove some guys play defense move the ball. You know all those things that we we want to do, try out a lot of things and try to grow this thing from starting tomorrow. You know first day of practice and and try to get these guys that are that are here to play a to their capabilities and be extraordinary basketball air-crane the athletic given how much last year was about integrating Kauai and how big of a part he was in the offense this year without them is they're almost more room to experiment for you as a coach or, as you said, you felt the same. Does that sort of spread over yeah I mean I? Think you know at this time of year ago, I think there was a pretty blank sheet. If we didn't really know where we were heading right, I mean I, think he you got a bunch of ideas out there and you got to try a bunch of them out and you got a slot things in and I see similar I mean I. Think I. Think you guys. Are you know if you as you look at our roster and players, you realize there's a couple couple starters missing right from that team and you realize there's some guys that are our guys that have been here while some some of these guys, you know the threads and norms the pascal's og now coming into his third year. There's there's opportunities for those guys to maybe either take on new identities, certainly expand roles, maybe even take on new roles and I. Think that's where we're probably that that that sheet of paper still blank and the ideas are up around the corners they're about how we're gonna do and we got to figure out how that all comes together. But again it feels very similar to the feeling I had last year at this time, how how is it all going to piece together and who's going to move where and all that kind of stuff, hi Meryem from Hanzo Kamath ICBC, following on? Where you just said, do you expect the players that you have that you know that you built a relationship with to be part of your structure when it comes to the team and these new guys coming in? Well, there's certainly um. You know a lot of experienced guys back right with this team and they they got a year to know me right so you're talking about that relationship that we have, we both you know, have had a year to grow. That I would imagine how and hopefully that that they'll be again accepting, as they were a year ago of my tinkering a little bit or our staffs tinkering. You know like again: I can see a lot of options out there right again and I. Think we've eventually found a lot of them like, for example, you know. Are we gonna play Ibaka at the fore with Gasol some at the five yeah? We find we finally figured out about midway through the philadelphia series that that was a pretty good combination and it is on certain nights against certain people. Will we play a balk at the five yeah? Probably a lot. You know shiok and will he play for? Yes, it's where he has a lot of success. Will he play some three? Yes, he will this year. You know, there's that there's a spot there to play I think guys. I think guys will move up and down the the so called numerical positions quite a bit and- and that takes some open-mindedness from the team, and that takes some acceptance for them to try it and and not panic if it doesn't work, not try to make a decision after four minutes, you know have playing time together. You know- and that was a thing that our guys would did exceptionally well. Last year they were open-minded, they took new ideas and took him to the floor and tried him out and- and there was a lot of good feedback with those relationships with those guys, so those guys that are coming back, those experienced guys will be when we again will ask to lead the charge on that stuff. Three rows back on your left: hey Mikey, Anders, the Toronto Sun. Are you done good list this time last year? We did a lot or we were talking a lot about the summer that Pascal was coming off of and obviously hey pay dividends. Is there any indication already about the summers that you've seen from any of you about any of the other players? Yeah, you know I. Think Pascal again had a super focused summer with up with a great deal of work done right. He just again continues to look like a more mature player, a more well-rounded player, just his tempo looks different right, he's, uh, he's gonna he's gonna have a great year and and and the other guy that looks great and you guys will see that tomorrow is og like there's a guy, that's gonna have a good year. He's is really in good shape. His body looks great he's healthy I, like his mindset, seems to be really free and clear and and happy. You know that he's kind of out there playing with a little bit more of a smile on his face and the pickup games that I saw here in the last few weeks and and he's gonna have a great year. The Jacob Yahoo Sports Canada Nick. Last year you had Kauai as the primary scorer and Pascal emerged as that secondary guy, with moving Pascal to that primary row. Is there someone you're looking to to take that secondary role? Or do you think it can be? You know Kyle one night mark another surge another so on and so forth, yeah I think again, I'm, not sure sitting here last year, any of us would have said: okay, here's our here's, our pecking order of scoring is gonna, be quiet and Pascal I think I think even into the playoffs I was if I remember right. You guys somebody I was saying uh somebody had Pascal down was our third or fourth option. That is like you mayor a couple: low, I guess, the third better day anyway, I and I. Listen I! Think that one of our big successes a year ago and you guys were all there to watch it as there was so many huge impactful offensive moments from every single one of those guys from Fred from Kyle from a mark from surge from me. You know at tyent norm I mean there was there was there was moments when they'd all had monster nights in the playoffs and I? Think I, don't know, I, don't really know if I believe that a primary secondary third dairy score I just see how it unfolds and move the ball and get get everybody going. I just want to play open and free and I want to play, sharing the ball and assistant baskets and with great confidence, and we have enough enough guys to do that right here: Nick Lewis, aftman, Raptors Republic last year during the playoffs in reference to a lot of questions you had to draw on experiences from England from the jeely. What do you think it adds to your mindset? What you bring to the team that now going forward? You have you know that championship stories, - drawn well, I, don't know I, guess I've got a remains to be seen really. If that comes to be it to be a factor. One thing I do know is this: is that our guys learned that how hard you have to play in the NBA Finals and that to me? I mean two things: that is an invaluable thing. That I don't think I mean that's gonna, that's going to take you a long way, that is, that is a level of play for every possession over every game home or away that. That is super special that our guys experienced in have that now in their hip, which is what I'm talking mine. The other thing is, is you know we got two months of playoff basketball. That's a lot of practice! Films, games, situations that we got to work on last year and that most of those guys are back this year will rebus EFE news. The starting point this year is very different to the starting point last year. What is the mood of the team right now, especially when you compare it with the mood of the team last year at the start of the season? Um, let's see, I think it feels again pretty similar um I've loved our our our vibe in the gym. You know just look these look. These workouts we've had the last few weeks. It's been super focused super, hard-working super, energetic lots of smiles on guys's faces. You know enjoying they're, enjoying their work and join going to work and and a level of heart play right, for sometimes you think about pickup basketball in September and and sometimes not very good, and it was pretty good- was pretty good. It was pretty good right. There was guys there were guys getting down and competing. That's what we like to see. So the vibe right now feels really good, hey Nick miles Nick Turse CBC sports. What is it you see from Pascale? Maybe from an off the court perspective that can help me. Take another leap. This season, uh I'll, see him too much off the court, but I just think I mean my answer. To that would be I. Think he's maturing right and I. Just he's got a sense of calmness. He's got a sense of confidence maturity. Those are three pretty good words to attribute to a to a young player and, and it all I think temple might be another one. I I say in there I think I think he's been a guy, that's kind of played. You know I had to do everything with with speed and fast and and I see him maybe slowing down a bit at times at the right times. You know not everything can be fast or done fast. Let's see, you know, I think he's I think he's gonna be given a great chance here. There's a great opportunity here for him to to really expand his role in his game and they're gonna be lots of opportunity for him to have the ball a lot of chances. You know opportunity of the ball in his hands and I think it's gonna be fun to watch and a will from Yahoo Sports Canada. Take me through the decision to bring fab onto the coaching staff, and just you know that your history with him well he's on. First of all he played for me he actually uh. He was part of a touring team that I took over to England in 1995. You think he was playing at McNeese, State and I didn't know him and I put this touring team together and his one of his assistant coaches called me up. So you need to take this kid with you and he ended up on the touring team with me and anyway, I brought him not that year, but the following year, I brought him to England to play for my team in berming, Birmingham England and he's been there ever since he went to put a bunch of years at Burmese pens 17 years at Newcastle. Decent he's, just a got extremely high character works extremely hard. I mean I've brought him because he played so hard right. He's he's in my top three of guys that I've ever that have played for me he's in my top three of how hard he played all right. Remind me asked me about the other two sometime and he's coached right, he's coached for a lot of years. As a head coach I know he was a player coach for most of that, but he coached he learned he'd always was was trying to learn over the years. Call me send me: this, come to summer league, come back for training camp come to summer league, come back for playoff games get out on the court, and then we had a couple spots open up with phil and jeremy leave. So it was time to time to bring him and mark Tyndale in, but you're gonna like him, you're gonna, like both those guys great thanks, everybody Thank You coach. Thank you enjoy training camp.