We're breaking news now from Ottawa. The ethics commissioner has determined the Prime Minister, the breach of a conflict-of-interest Act by attempting to interfere in the so-called S&C levelin affair. We have our odigo bureau chief and host of the West block Mercedes Stevenson here with more on this I'm, so happy you're here to break this down for us I'm the news him June Mercedes. First, what does the ethics commissioner say the Prime Minister did. That was improper. He says the Prime Minister put pressure on Jodi Wilson rayful were able to overrule the decision of the Public Prosecution Office, not to cut essencial Avalanna deal, and that would be called the deferred prosecution, something we heard a lot about. It allows a company to avoid a criminal conviction and to pay a fine instead, and that is something that Jodi Wilson rables had said was inappropriate political pressure, and essentially that is what is found in this ethics commissioners report. He says that the Prime Minister did intervene, that he did try to use his authority to inappropriately pressure the former attorney general and that he also directed his staff to do the same, that this took place over a number of months and that he was asking the former attorney general to consider what would be partisan political interests, and he goes on to say that that is contrary to Canadian constitutional principles that have been observed since the founding of this country, including things like prosecutorial independence, which means that you don't have politicians interfering in criminal prosecutions and also the rule of law. Furthermore, he says that if SNC lavalla were to have gotten a deal as a result of that pressure, they would have benefited financially. So this is all very interesting, because these are a lot of the allegations that Jodi Wilson Raybould made that are now being reiterated in a report from the Independent Ethics Commissioner. In fact, he used to be a liberal partisan. So this is not somebody who has conservative sympathies some thought. Maybe he wouldn't go that hurt on the Liberals. This is pretty no-holds-barred and extensive, and potentially equally is damaging he's talking about how difficult it was to get information from the government about what happened and that's something that was really dogging the government during the course of this scandal, because they have presented themselves as open and transparent that they are the government of sunny ways and suddenly they shut down lockdown and were accused of trying to put pressure on the first indigenous minister to sit in cabinet as a woman as the Attorney General. So certainly this is going to be a report that you're going to see a lot of throughout the election and the opposition are gearing up as we speak to respond to it. So as Jodi Wilson Reybold I spoke to her before we came on the air, she says she needs to read the full report before she comments on it and it's over 60 pages long. So that could take some time. Yeah certainly know the Prime Minister has a media availability in niagara-on-the-lake in just a few hours a couple hours. What can we expect from that Mercedes? What do think it's gonna, say well, I think he's gonna be asked, first of all for a reaction to it. Secondly, he has said that the allegations that were made by Jodi Wilson Raybould weren't true that he did not direct her any point that he does not direct his staff at any point. So what does he say now that there is an independent investigation by the ethics commissioner, who's saying? Well, yes, actually, that is what happened. That is what the ethics commissioner believes happened in his reporting. Did he ask her to inappropriately consider partisan political interests? Will the government still consider giving SNC lavalla a break, considering what is being said in this report and I can tell you we're trying to track down the Justice Minister right now, because that's his file, but his office has told us they won't comment on whether or not this is still on the table at this point. So they're not saying well in light of this report, we're going to no longer consider whether or not we should be giving them a break. He insists he is not being pressured by the prime minister's office and he said that in the past and that he is making his own decision. The other big factor here the Prime Minister is going to be asked about. This is the second time that he is found to have been breaking ethics rules in a single mandate and obviously that is going to raise some significant questions election, what more just over two months away so yeah. This is definitely gonna. Gonna, be part of this campaign and we're gonna be hearing a lot more about it. I look forward to your full report this evening on the news thanks so much. Thank you.