It is a bombshell, late, Wednesday Time magazine publishing this 2001 photo of Justin Trudeau in brown, face the Prime Minister attempted to do damage control. I deeply regret that we that I did that I should have known better but I didn't the photo was taken when Trudeau was a teacher attending a year and Arabian Nights theme, yalla Trudeau says he was dressed up as Aladdin and at the time did not realize it was racist. He also admitted this when I was in high school I, dressed up at a talent show and sang dale. With with that with makeup on. Like all canadians, I was extremely shocked and disappointed when I learned of Justin Trudeau's actions this evening wearing brown face is an act of open, mockery and racism. It was just as racist in 2001 as it is in 2019, an emotional NDP leader, jug meat Singh, said that he was shocked and spoke directly to young Canadians to people who've grown up with racism. People who've grown up being being told that they were less being told that they were less worthy, less valuable and couldn't fight back and had no way to stand up for themselves. I'm speaking to them and I want them to know that you are valued, you are loved, you have Worth and please don't let this make you give up on yourself or give up on Canada, because we live in a beautiful place. Green Party leader, Elizabeth May, issued a statement saying in part. I am deeply shocked by the racism shown in this photograph of Justin Trudeau. He must apologise for the harm done and commit to learning and appreciating the requirement to model social justice leadership at all levels of government with Trudeau in a virtual tie with ads from sheer right now the photo could be a game-changer when asked about stepping aside, the liberal leader simply said: he's staying, focused party sources, tell global news. Conversations are already happening between caucus members about whether or not a change at the top should happen. We've also obtained an internal liberal email that confirms tomorrow morning at 10:00 a.m. Eastern. All candidates will be on a call to be briefed and discuss strategy as we move towards October 21st Travis Thanh, Rajesh, Global, News.