I'm going to bring in our chief political correspondent, David akin now David you're over there at Rideau, Hall Trudeau, highlighted economic growth and dealing with climate changes two of his priorities, but he has an awful lot to tackle and a minority government. What are his chances of success? Well, if he's going to be successful, Trudeau 2.0 is gonna have to move a lot faster than Trudeau 1.0. That was a knock on the previous government that they took four years and moved at a leisurely pace. Didn't have a lot to show for at the end, so the key minister to get things done in a minority Parliament you've got to cooperate with other parties, he's gonna, be the government house leader, that's Pablo, Rodriguez. Also the Quebec leftenant Rodriguez is a Montreal MP and he's one of Trudeau's veterans. As we work hard for Canadians every single day, we will work hand in hand with all parties in the house ensuring that we can move forward on priorities that Canadians have and respond to the challenges and opportunities facing us as a country, and a couple of ministers will have to move quickly on the economic files, Catherine McKenna, moving from environment over the infrastructure, where she's got billions to help provinces and municipalities out and Melanie Joly, who is now in charge of the six regional economic development agencies. She too has a billion dollars to help spur economic growth. Big question mark, though, on the TMX pipeline expansion that file goes to the new Natural Resources Minister Seamus O'regan no Regan had been Veterans. Affairs Minister had been indigenous Services Minister he's from Newfoundland. He really had not shown much of an affinity to move a big file forward. So there's some questions there, but Trudeau says that he's got confidence in his friend O'regan I am incredibly proud to have Seamus O'regan a strong Newfoundlander as our natural resources Minister. There are Newfoundlanders who work right across the country in natural resources. Chrystia Freeland has been a star performer for Justin Trudeau, a big day for her today, she's taken on some of the toughest files, including NAFTA. She is now the Deputy Prime Minister. What exactly does that job entail and why did Trudeau move her there yeah? This is new. We haven't seen this in more than a decade when Ann McClellan was deputy to Prime Minister Paul Martin, it's gonna be very much a work in but as Michael Couture was mentioning. The key for Freeland is to be the point person on the federal-provincial file, negotiate with jason, kanigan, scott moe and doug ford. There's a lot. The Liberals promise that the provinces will have to help deliver things like national pharmacare, gun control laws, that's gonna, be Freeland. Job she'll also be tasked with bringing the NAFTA file across the finish line. Now, if the new NAFTA has not been ratified by Ottawa or Washington, that'll be Freeland big job - she's an Albertan by birth, but she represents a downtown Toronto riding a lot riding on her shoulders. David. Some ministers have taken on new portfolios, but other departments that Justin Trudeau created in his first term have disappeared yeah a couple of curiosities. Here we touched on one earlier: first of all, the Minister for democratic institutions that no longer exists. That means no Senate reform, no electoral reform, the minister of science that positions gone so is the person holding that job Toronto's, Kirsty, Duncan, she's out of a job new is spike, said Minister for middle-class prosperity, I'm not kidding there Minister for middle-class prosperity, Ottawa's monteforte. We also have Minister for digital government that is Vancouver's Joyce Murray and a Minister for diversity and inclusion that goes to Waterloo Ontario's parties, Jagger Mercedes, there you have it David akin outside Rideau Hall. Thank you. David.