I want to begin by thanking the other speakers. The attendees here today highlight the pledges towards parody that both male leaders, who are up here before me, made I think that's an important element, but you know what, when I come to events like this I'm so pleased that we get to start I, get to start this day with a women's empowerment event. But if you asked me, there's one place: I think we need to see better parity, and that is in the audience of panels on women's empowerment in conferences around the world. Thank you for the chance to participate in the launch of the African women's leadership fund. It is really inspiring to be surrounded by so many leaders who have done so much to advance gender equality and human rights here on the continent and around the world. This is crucial. Work work that benefits not only women and girls, but entire countries advancing gender equality is not just the right thing to do. It's the smart thing to do. You know the facts. You've seen the research you've witnessed the results in 2018 Ethiopia became the latest country to appoint a gender balanced cabinet with ten women taking on key portfolios like defense, trade and transport. Increasing the participation of women across all sectors leads to better outcomes, not just for women themselves, but for our businesses, our communities, our economies as I, have seen directly within my own cabinet having more women in leadership. Positions leads to better decisions, and that's why our government has made advancing gender equality a priority at home and abroad. Many of you in this room have been working to promote gender equality for decades African women. Many leaders in this room have been at the forefront of this fight since the beginning, but we know there is more work to be done so long as women are denied opportunities just because they are women. That's why Canada has been working with like-minded partners and leading experts to help move this agenda forward. It's why we chose to make gender equality and women's empowerment a core theme of our g7 presidency two years ago, a theme that has continued to engage the international community at those levels. That was really important to me for our g7, not just that we have a session on women's equality because those come up every now and then in various organizations know we made women's empowerment a horizontal priority through every single theme and discussion. We had at the g7 that year whether it was economics, security, health, oceans, women are involved in everything and, as we all know, women are often the solutions to everything. In 2018 we set up the Elsi initiative to include more women in UN peacekeeping missions. Thanks to the partnership of countries like Senegal, Ghana and South Africa were making meaningful progress. We're committed to continuing this work and understand the leading role our African partners are playing today as part of Canada's increased support to the African Union I'm pleased to announce that we will provide 10 million dollars to help build the capacity of the African Union Commission to advance gender equality. This will support the African Union's important work on priorities like economic development, trade and investment, regional integration and peace and security. 2020 is a big year for gender equality, but while we mark important anniversaries and celebrate progress, we cannot lose sight of the work that lies ahead. We cannot take for granted what we have achieved and instead we must vow to redouble our efforts. Achieving gender equality both at home and abroad, must be the business of every nation of every person, regardless of gender. If we are to empower women, men need to be allies willing to share and fight alongside women for gender equality and opportunities for everyone, because we all know this no country can reach its full potential without the full participation of all of its citizens. That's why Canada has stepped up as your partner, your friend in this fight and will continue to stand alongside you once again. Thank you all for the opportunity to be with you here today. Neph SEMA, chefs I mean.