In dollars of the country and the trafficking very very productive days, working hard, the Democrats are radical, left Democrats that do nothing, Democrats decided when I'm going to NATO. This was set up a year ago, but when I'm going to NATO, that was the exact times. This is one of the most important journeys that we make as president and for them to be doing this and saying this and putting an impeachment of the table, which is all to start off with. If you notice there was breaking these today, the Ukrainian president came out and said very strongly the president Trump that absolutely nothing wrong. That should be case over, but he just came out a little while ago, and he said, president jump did absolutely nothing wrong and that should end everything, but it will never end it because they want to do what they want to do. They getting killed in their own district I. Think it's going to be a tremendous boon for the Republicans. Republicans have never ever been so committed, as they are right now in Joe United. So it's really a great thing in some ways, but in other ways it's a disgrace. It's just a straight stroke. I love going to have to understand it was great meeting with, as you know, a lot of people. You know, and he was terrific. He was great meeting with him, but my gift Afghanistan was very successful that we're going to London and it'll be NATO and we're meeting with a lot of countries and they're gonna have to do a little more person. Sharing Chinese are always negotiated, I'm very happy where we are and frankly, I could be other places that I could do all by myself and even happier- and you understand what that means. But the Chinese want to make it really what happens with a currency. They devalue their currency Brazil by 10:00 success, Argentina all and I gave them a big break for Tara, but now sneaking that breakup, because it's very unfit are manufactured and very unfair to our farmers. Our steel companies will be very happy and our farmers will be very happy. What is your lawyer to represent your point of view for the house? The whole thing is a hope. Everybody knows it. All you have to do is look at the words with these radius residents that he just issued, and you know it's a hoax, it's an absolute disgrace what they do to our country.