Us President Donald Trump, making a surprise announcement at the White House saying one of the most wanted terrorists in the world has been killed. Abu Bakar al Baghdadi is dead. He was the founder and leader of Isis, the most ruthless and violent terror organization anywhere in the world. No US military personnel were killed, but the president says a large number of el bog, Dottie's fighters were eliminated during the raid at a compound in northwestern Syria and the terrorist leader tried to hide. He died after running into a dead-end tunnel whimpering and crying and screaming all the way. The US Defense Secretary says al Baghdadi detonated, a suicide vest killing himself and three children mark espera says that terrorist body was mutilated, but test results gave a positive identification. We have confirmation - through a form of visual and also some DNA confirmation. The president says capturing or killing. The founder of Isis was a top priority. It came after the president faced scathing criticism for pulling US troops from the turkish-syrian border, leading to the slaughter of hundreds of Kurds US allies and the escape of hundreds of Isis soldiers, but the president is still vowing to continue the fight we were in the compound for approximately two hours and after the mission was accomplished. We took highly sensitive material and information from the raid. The president says al Baghdadi was under US surveillance. For about two weeks, some world leaders welcomed the news of his death. This reflects the United resolve of the free countries led by the United States to fight the forces of terror, the terror organizations and the terrorist States, but other struck notes of caution. I think, is a game changer in the war on terror. The war is by no means over the president. Vice president pence and several military leaders watched the raid in real time from the White House Situation Room, the president says Russia Syria and Iraq all supported the raid and he warned other terrorists throughout the world. They should never sleep soundly.