Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the 45th President of the United States President Donald J Trump. Do you have spirit, hello, Louisiana? Thank you very much and you've got thousands of people outside right now, so if anybody wants to give up their seat, thank you very much. So I'm really thrilled to be back, there's been an incredible state for Trump and it's been, and it's really incredible, you remember what happened that wasn't. Even a close election was it that wasn't too close, but it's great to be with thousands of proud, hard-working, freedom-loving, American patriots, that's what you are and soon the people of Louisiana will head to the polls. You know I'm really here for a little different reason. It's called early voting. You believe it that's how much I like Eddie I'm here for early voting. You know you can go out and vote I said well, not a lot of people do that they say in Louisiana. 40% of the vote is early. Voting I said, like I, said: I think I'll come I'll come but you're going out to replace a radical Liberal Democrat as you governor, John John bel Edwards has not done the job you're going to have a great new Republican tremendously successful man as your governor, any risk phony Eddie any responding. So early voting is already underway and I think I'm coming back here on Thursday, you believe it I'm doing a double I'm doing the double one of your really good anchors. Just interviewed me, the locals. Those locals treat me good. The fake news doesn't treat me too good, but the locals, and he said you know you've been to Louisiana already like four times. I said that's because I happened to like it. If I don't like it, I can't do it, but early voting ends on Saturday and then you go out next Saturday and you vote and I just want you to get out. Do it early that way, you can do watch your football games and by the way, by the way, this Saturday this Saturday I'm, going to be at a certain game. This Saturday I'm gonna be at a certain game. Let's see it's LSU versus a pretty good team from Alabama and I hear and I'm a football fan, I hear you have a great quarterback, we're gonna see but I'm actually going to the game. I said: that's the game. I want to go to so that'll be that'll, be tremendous. Two great teams, two great teams and I look forward. So I came to get you for early voting for Eddie respond. Ii could be a great governor under Republican leadership. The economy is booming, wages are rising, confidence is soaring and America is stronger than ever before, and you know we're setting new records every day and with the help of Louisiana energy workers, the United States is now you know you have some of the greatest energy and energy workers anywhere in the world anywhere in the world. The United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere on planet Earth and we are supporting law enforcement and we are supporting our police. We're rebuilding our military and you know where all this beautiful new equipment has made the Rockets the Jets, the ships everything is made in America. Don't we love and we're defeating radical Islamic terrorists, and you saw last week the monstrous animal known as al-baghdadi is dead. You know, if somebody else did that they'd be talking about it. For months me, I got about a day out of it from these people. That's! Okay! That's! Okay! That's! Okay! Look at how many there are there. You have a lot of people, they have a lot of people. You know it is true. I'll say who the greatest hero was forget about Trump I'm. Not it was. We did a lot of good work together. Everything the dog was the great hero. : Conan, he's coming to the White House very soon I said bring him now. There's a series on a mission. I said you got to be kidding, come on give a couple of days. Rest please, but now Conan is coming to the Oval Office very shortly. So that's good, but our message to these bloodthirsty savages is clear. You don't stand a chance against the righteous might of the United States military, because America is winning again and America is respected again, but while we are delivering safety and prosperity for Americans, the radical left Democrats are trying to rip our nation apart. They want to eradicate the rule of law, punish religious believers, silence you online, indoctrinate your children and they're after your second amendment. Don't ever forget it they're after your second and with the Republicans I can tell you one thing: nobody's going to hurt your Second Amendment. Nobody in their campaign to transform America Democrats are becoming ly increasingly totalitarian, suppressing dissent, defaming the innocent, eliminating due process staging show trials and trying to overthrow American democracy. To impose their socialist agenda. Make no mistake if the Democrats get back in, you will have a depression, the likes of which you've never seen before, and you are doing well. How are you 401 k's doing by the way you wouldn't feel it all angry if they went down in half and then in another year? Half of that? That's what's going to happen. First, it was the russia hoax. Then it was Muller. Remember Muller with that hoax, the biggest lie ever foisted upon the American people- okay, but everybody stuck with us. If anything would became more popular, maybe more popular I mean last week, Hillary Clinton crooked Hillary, as we affectionately call. So is there any place? You would rather be then at a trump rally on a beautiful wonderful evening in Louisiana I, don't even know would you rather be at LSU versus Alabama or a trump rally. Let's take the truck route, but Democrats must be accountable for their hoaxes and for their crimes. Now. Corrupt politicians, Nancy Pelosi and shifty Adam Schiff and the crooked media have launched the deranged, delusional, destructive and hyper partisan impeachment witch-hunt. Now we go again except a lot of things have happened because you know I, don't know if you saw it just got off I'm coming off the plane and they hand me look at this character. Okay, they just hand me the story: ku has started whistleblowers attorney said in 2017. You know when that was that was a long time ago. It's all a hoax, they say: January 2017 a coup has started and the impeachment will follow. Ultimately, Toula, it's all a hoax, it's a scam and you know who helps them these people right back here the media and then it said, UPS the lights going to go off the CNN light is going to go up. It said from the lawyer, a sleazeball it said: I predict at CNN will play a key role in at Weill, Donald Trump, not finishing out his first tent. Can you believe this? This is all, and this was done a long time ago. Then he goes as one Falls to more will take their place, referring to outgoing Trump administration employees who, by the way, have been put through hell by the sleeves back there and by crooked politicians. It just came out. That's the whistleblower, you know the whistleblower, the one that came out with this. Oh the Trump said this and Trump said that and then, when they heard my real phone call, the whistleblower disappeared. Shifty shifty is a corrupt politician. Shift didn't want to have the whistleblower anymore, because nobody thought I was going to release the phone call, but as soon as I released the phone call- and you don't like doing that with a foreign leader cuz you got to deal with foreign leaders, you don't want them to think. Today. I spoke to president Erdogan of Turkey. I, don't know. Is he worried that we're gonna release it all over the world, because somebody said something that could have been a little bit wrong? You can't do that. You can't do that now. In this case, I had a perfect phonecall, a totally perfect phone call and- and you know anybody that can read- you saw that on Mark Levin, but the whistleblower before they knew I was going to release. He came out with a whistleblower. You know, like he's, some wonderful person take a look at the whistleblower, but the whistleblower came out with this horrible statement about this call. So I really had no choice. I said immediately, talk about transparency, I said release, it release it immediately and then the whistleblower sort and shifty shift sort is a total crook shift saw it. Pelosi saw it and they said we got a problem. We don't want to have anything to do with the whistleblower anymore and the whistleblower disappeared. You know who else disappeared? The second whistleblower and you know who else disappeared: the informer to the whistleblower. If there was such a person which I doubt which I doubt just came out just came out, should disgrace I'll tell you what it's so bad. These people are bad people and it's so bad what they do to our country. They ripped the guts out of a country and it's a shame and they shouldn't be allowed to do it, and people should stop, maybe go to the Supreme Court. Maybe, but they gotta stop it because we have a country to run and these people in order to do things, are willing to do illegal acts, - no legal act. As far as I'm concerned. Last week the Democrats voted to nullify the ballots of tens of millions of Americans disgracing themselves and dishonouring their else. Now the good news, the Republicans, were unanimous. The Republicans finally stood together. They stood together because you know the Democrats are lousy, politicians, lousy, they have open borders. How do you like having an open border with Mexico? Do you like the Democrats want open borders? They want sanctuary cities you're, not too big into sanctuary cities with John bel Edwards. You will soon have a sanctuary sitting in your mess, but the Democrats said think of it. They want open borders, which means crime. Now look at. What's going on in Mexico and I'll. Tell you what I have to thank the Mexican government in one way 27,000 soldiers, but they have other problems. These cartels are a tremendous problem, we're building and we are building that wall. That wall is going up and it's going up there. It's going. Our military is now building the wall and it's going up fast, the Army Corps of Engineers, and it's going up and it's doing great, it's doing great she'd have been built years ago. That wall should have been built many years ago. Never did they never could figure it out, but I figured it out. It wasn't easy. I had a hundred percent of the other party fighting me a hundred percent. You think that's easy and you know we had a majority of a few people very little very little. We needed Democrat votes, but we had a hundred percent of the people and I made. One mistake: I should have said, I don't want the wall and the Democrats would have absolutely existed. That I built I shoulda saw you know five or six years ago. They all wanted the law. It was only when I came along and I said we got to build the wall now. You know, you've wanted it, but you never had the vision or the talent to get it built. So we got to build it. I figured that all join and understad. They said. No, we don't want the wall anymore, they said no, no, we can have drone technology course. You got drones flying all over the place. That's great! That's great! Now we should have said we want to never build a wall and they would have insisted that it get built immediately. These are I call them now that do nothing Democrats. We have loopholes that they could solve in 15 minutes. We could sit down loopholes, catch-and-release chain migration. You know that's when you come in and then everybody ever met in the history of the world comes in with you, your mother, your grandfather, your cousin, your brother, your aunt, your uncle any person that ever met you come on into our country. We had a man on the West Side, Highway I, don't even call him a man I call him an animal. He ran over a lot of people. He turned right going up very, very fast speed. We had this beautiful Park in New, York City and he killed I think eight people. They never talked about the people that lost their legs that lost their arms that are permanently disfigured. They never talked about that. They say: eight people were killed, they don't talk about people. These are people that want to keep themselves in shape and they're running and they're running and they're all over, and then this maniac turns to the right going at an unbelievable speed and he kills people and he horribly injures people, and we can't let this happen. We can't let it happen. These unhinged extremists, the Democrats, have been plotting to illegally overturn the election that we want. I didn't win it. We all want it together. They came from all over the place. They came from all over I mean you said, isn't that Republican and yet we're so far up but I'll come to see you anyway, even yeah. You could say you know, focus on a couple of the closer ones, but we're gonna come here anyway, and because we do love it, but think of this 19 minutes after I took the oath of office, the horrible disgusting Washington Post, which is a terrible paper. It declared the campaign. This is 19 minutes, I, just think in the office and an article comes out. The campaign to impeach President Trump has begun. Oh that's, nice. Thank you very much see the reporter over and then during the term sleepy Joe, Biden, who's dumb. As Iraq said you fire the guy, you get a billion dollars, you don't fire, the guy, you get nothing and it's on tape and the press refuses to print it. You talk quid pro quo. You fire the guy. You got a billion, you don't fire, you get enough, they think of that one! Okay! That's called quid pro quo, not here that was said by Joe Biden to get rid of the prosecutor in Ukraine, who is looking at his son, who just got thrown out of the Navy who was paid millions and millions of dollars, even though he had absolutely no energy experience in Louisiana in Louisiana, you wouldn't have hired him and your energy companies they would have paid to keep from the hell out. Okay, he had no. How old is your son? How old is that young man there? How old, are you how old ya eight? Let me tell you he's eight. He knows energy better than Joe Biden son. Then Biden flies to China. He obviously met with different people than I deal with, because we're doing well with china but I'll tell you, but he flies with his father. Who was then vice president and in ten minutes he picks up 1.5 billion dollars for his fund. These are different. Chinese people that I've been working with. Excuse me: I called up one of the top guys on Wall Street I said: can you do that dope I've been trying for years? I can't do it he's like the smartest guy on Wall Street. Now the Democrats are covering up slow, sleepy, Joe and they're, trying to steal your vote and silence your voice and I. Don't even know cuz I'm. Looking at Pocahontas she's thought. Can you imagine no no Pocahontas is starting to emerge from the ashes. I thought she was gone. We hit her very hard six months ago, I give her credit she's emerging from the ashes. Not a nice person, 1024 Indian blood I have more than she does and I have none. I have none, but I have more than Shiva I'd love to have some I just happened to have none but I believe I have more than she does generations of American patriots sacrificed everything they had to secure this Republic and your sacred right to vote. We will not let the Democrats take that incredible privilege away. The American people are fed up with Democrat lies, hoaxes, smears, slanders and scams. The Democrats shameful conduct has created an angry majority and that's what we are we're majority and we're angry that we'll vote the do-nothing Democrats out of office in 2020, especially we're going to take back the house and we're gonna focus on like those 36 Democrats in trip areas, areas that I won by a lot I didn't run in 2018. You know they keep forgetting I didn't run. I said: go out, a vote got a vote, but a lot of people said I'm, not gonna vote until Trump runs. Okay, that's nice! I love those I love the people, but they see what we're doing, but I didn't run in 2018, but people forget. We picked up two seats in the Senate. They never want to talk about that. We picked up to see, they never talked about it. I try to get him to talk about it and because of that, what we've done with judges and different appointments, but with your help we are going to drain the swamp and that's what we're doing right now. Louisiana can send the radical left a message that they can never ignore and don't forget. In 2016 people came from the mountains and the valleys and the rivers and the oceans that came from all of the Democrat said what the hell is happening were these people coming from these were people that were great Americans worked hard made a lot of money. Much smarter. You know they call him the elite with the elite with the elite. I know this I know this speaking for myself: I went to better schools and they did I went to I, have nicer houses and they do I have nicer apartments. I have nicer everything and their elite, but we're not it elite. You people work your asses off you're, making a lot of money, you're smarter than that you're smarter than they are and Tifa you ever see an Tifa. You know that is that's the size of their arm. They come in with the black calomel, all got a big, tough guys, and then they start hitting a single reporter conservative reporter. They start battering them with it. But when the tough guys show up and Tifa says, I think we'll take a pass. Let's get out of here now, you're smarter, you're, tougher you're, richer. You got more going, but a lot of people that came out because they didn't like what they were seeing. They didn't want to vote for the people that were running for president. He wanted vote for Obama. They didn't want to vote for the people that were running for president, but when I ran something happened. That was amazing. The lines were I'll tell you what in some cases miles long and they saw something. They said what is going on, and you know what was going on. Probably the greatest election in the history of our country, your election I, was just folks. Minh I was a person that was able to tell a message but I'm representing you, and now these people illegally through corrupt people like Adam Schiff. That makes up what I said he gets up in front of the United States Congress and the American people, and he reads my statement but I didn't say it: he made it up and then we called him on it because he never thought that I was going to release the conversation, because you just don't do that. But Ukraine was great. We called them up. Do you mind if we released a conversation? No, we don't why I said don't worry about it. Just we're gonna release it Yuma. Thank you very much and we released it and we caught them in the middle of a giant lie their scam, their scammers, so you're, gonna fire, your liberal, Democrat governor I, don't know how the hell he ever got there. How did it get there? This is Louisiana right. This is Lewis. How did you get a liberal Democrat to be your governor? Could you explain that place now I actually know is a convergence of a lot of different things happened and congratulations and your car insurance is the highest in the world. Your taxes are horrible, you're rated number 50 in economic development. Can you believe it with all that we're doing you rated 50 out of 50, but we want to send governor and I mean I, know this man for a long time he's an incredible talent he's an incredible businessman. He doesn't need the money he's a wonderful person. He has the backing of Ralph and I. Tell you what Ralph is a winner. You know Ralph right, he has the backing of Ralph I've just spent a lot of time with Ralph Abraham we came in together and Ralph would have missed it and he's an incredible man he's an incredible man and he respects Eddie and Eddie respects him a lot. They had a hard-fought deal, but they respect each other and, like each other, a lot and that's rare, because I'll tell you what, if I'm going to get somebody I, don't know if I can ever like I don't know, but Ralph is a better man than me. It's a better man and they're gonna put that all over television tonight, because they're gonna say Ralph should run for president. If that's the case and that's okay, now he is he's a great man. So any respond. He is not a career politician he's a business leader, highly highly respected, a man of faith and a lifelong Louisiana. Patriot, and many of you know it he through his success and he will cut your taxes and regulations. He will cut your car insurance in half. We have the highest car insurance in the entire nation. By far some people call it auto insurance call or whatever the heck you want. You have the highest in the country, he's going to cut it in half or more and turn this state into a giant magnet for great paying jobs. That's what he wants to do. Eddie is tough-on-crime strong on borders and he'll work with ice and Border Patrol to get violent criminals off the streets, we'll bring them back to their country, ideally or we'll put them in jail where they belong. Eddie is pro energy pro-family, pro-life and pro and meant totally, and he will defend your values from the all-out assault by the extreme left. That's what they are there to the extreme left, I call them. Aoc, plus 3a Oh, see that's a real beauty. You only have 11 years to live folks, 11 years, because climate change is just coming up on her sofa. You know it was 12 years, but today, I heard one of these crazies say it's down to 11 and they arrest the Jane Fonda. Nothing changes I, remember 3040 years ago, a terrorist. He always has the handcuffs on. Oh man, she's waving to everybody with the handcuffs I can't believe it. They remember that she went to Vietnam to find out how nice they were. They weren't too nice to her. By the way. Now they arrested her today, Jane Fonda, nothing changes to arrest every every 25 years. They arrest her Eddie's opponent is a radical liberal and you didn't know that track even says good things about me, but he'll never vote for me. You know why he says good things about me because he thinks you like me. If he didn't otherwise said, say bad, but here's the thing he'll say good things. In fact, I said he must be a Republican. He sometimes says better about me, the most Republicans, but here's the problem, he'll, never vote for us. He'll, never support our Second Amendment. The way we need the support he's never going to reduce your car insurance he's never going to cut your taxes he's had a long time. He wasn't able to do it. I got you a big tax cut. The biggest ever I mean the Democrats. They have this crazy theory. I, don't know how it works. I, don't think I could be a successful Democrat. You know one of their theories. We're gonna raise your taxes. How does that work? I'm, always saying we're gonna get you a bigger. We are we're. Gonna cut your Texas book, they're, saying: look. What do I know. I've only been doing this for three years, but they say we're gonna, raise your taxes and I'm. Saying excuse me: does that work, that's what they say now: I'm gonna cut your taxes even further, and you see what it's done for our planet, but you have a radical liberal, named John bel Edwards Edward was an ardent supporter of crooked Hillary Clinton and she is crooked. As hell John bel Edwards broke his solemn promise to the people of Louisiana when he rammed that's. The only word I could say rammed through the largest tax hike in Louisiana history. Does everybody remember, though he gave you the largest tax hike and then he probably says I raise your taxes vote for me, no I'm saying this I lowered your taxes. I gave you the greatest tax reduction in the history of our country, greater even than Ronald Reagan's reduction many years now. Maybe that doesn't work in modern day politics, but you know what I'm gonna stick with it: okay, whether it does or not I'm sick- and you see- what's happened- billions and billions and trillions of dollars is coming back into the country with a hottest economic force anywhere in the world anywhere in the world and taking in more with a lower rate, we're taking in much more money than we did with a higher rate. That's a pretty good statement. He violated your sacred trust and can never be trusted again. He raised you taxes and he's done nothing about your car insurance. You know one of the big things: here's car insurance right and I kept saying what are the things because I want to pinpoint it and I kept seeing car insurance. That's very unusual. I've never heard that with the state I've, never thought of car insurance right, but here your car insurance is the highest in the in the nation and it's out of control, and it's so easy to do now. Edwards is trying to demolish your state's economy by shutting down Louisiana energy on behalf of the crazy radical, far left. Edwards is totally owned by the liberal trial lawyers who are causing his states insurance rates and car insurance to skyrocket through the roof. Perhaps most disturbing Edwards has allowed illegal aliens to steal millions of dollars in health care from hardworking Louisiana citizens. He cares more about illegal aliens than he cares about. Louisiana citizens I'll tell what I love our military Eddie loves our military. They care more about illegal aliens than taking care of our vets and taking care of our military Edwards is dangerously soft on crime. You know that and Louisiana has the highest murder rate I hate. To say this. Please turn off those television cameras immediately. I, don't want to say it, but you have the highest murder rate anywhere in the United States I didn't know that I didn't want to say it: okay I'm sure they turned it off, because they're really listening to them. Edwards is backed by his fellow open border extremists and pro-abortion lobby. Edwards is a complete disaster for the state of Louisiana and you cannot afford four more years of this far-left travesty. It is time to replace your failed Governor John bel Edwards, with any risk phony who's going to do an incredible job. So everybody needs to get out and vote early vote early, 40% I can't believe for it. I never heard 40%. Usually it's like 2%, then they say: don't worry about it, but early voting is started so get out and vote for Eddie respond E and do it right away and then let's go to the football game, and let's do lots of thing the lots of boys do it before the game, we'll just make sure you get it out, and you know the election itself is, is gonna, be taking place Saturday so get out get out, get out early, get out early, get out early, so I want to bring up a man that I've gotten to know well, but I knew him through a reputation because he's really a business Legend in many ways and he's going to put that genius to work for you Eddie respond. He please come up. That is crazy. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So much before I get started, I want to say this Congressman Abraham I would not be here. John Bellwood might be your governor today, if it wouldn't be for Congress from Abraham working very hard to two of us travel in this state to make sure that we got the boat out, collect the state of Louisiana know we can do better. Let's give him another round of applause Louisiana. This Trump country has that right. We're so grateful to the president to come down here more than once now to get out to vote to mobilize to make Louisiana great like it deserves to be. We need something different. If we want to be different, we don't deserve to be last. We are last folks. We have got to do something different and it starts by electing a different kind of governor. We need a pro-trump conservative, an outsider, someone with serious business skills. Someone does not be holding a special interest. Someone is that just that backbone to go against the status quo. Someone like Trump, that's what we need, and we want to thank the president for coming here in exposing John bel Edwards. Doubt it is a liberal, as he is thank you John bel Edwards would want you to believe he's, not one of those liberal lunatics that are fallen into trying to impeach our president. We can send a message to them by voting me in and voting and supporting our president Donald Trump. Listen I didn't think they could go any lower folks, but just this Saturday they're running ads now in push cards all over this state, accusing our president of being a racist and me being a racist and you being a racist. It is disgusting where how low they will go, that is their mo when they start panicking and worrying they played the race card. It's unacceptable. We have a president here that has had the lowest unemployment for minorities in the history of the United States. You know, call him a racist. We need to send them a message. Folks, Louisiana is conservative. We're going to have a conservative governor, an outsider, a businessman. Someone would make us number one in the nation. We can do that with your vote. That is amazing. That is amazing. This man can get the crowd, fired up and he'd get Louisiana fired up, so we can go out and early vote and turn this state around. Thank you, I need your support, I need your vote, and my wife and my family can use your prayers. Thank you and I'm gonna. Take one more liberty. Go Tigers beat Bama Thank You Eddie great job. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Any good man, great man, gonna, be a great governor, we're also thrilled to be joined tonight by many of your wonderful Louisiana leaders and I have to say right now. Two of them they're warriors they're, incredible warriors I'll. Ask him to come up for just a second, but they don't stop very different type personalities, both unbelievable. They fight so hard for me for you, they love this state. They love this country, Senator Bill, Cassidy, Senator, John, Kennedy come on up fella. Let me just echo what any respond he said. This is Trump country and let me add to what he said with your help, but only with your help we can make it respond. Econ tray, thank you, hello, Louisiana, Thank You. Mr. president, for visiting our state in three short years, president Trump has doubled the growth in the greatest economy in all of human history, and you know what our Democratic friends have done for him. Speaker Nancy Pelosi is trying to impeaching I, don't mean any disrespect, but it must suck to be that dumb. Now, let me, let me tell you, let me tell you one other thing: the same people that are backing Speaker Pelosi are sending tens of millions of dollars to support governor Edwards and all he has given us all. Governors has given us is decline and uncertainty. Now, unless, unless you're happy with crappie I want you to vote for, Eddie were spouting for governor and I want you I, want you to vote for cow, hard win for Secretary of State and I want you. This is important. I want you to vote for Robert Neal's for the Louisiana State Senate, god bless Louisiana! God bless our president and God bless the United States of America, two great guys, two great warriors two people that love you safe. They love our country and I, appreciate it - very much - great senators, so I just want to bring up for a second a man who is an incredible campaigner, an incredible congressman. You talk about loving our country, he'll die for our country, he'll die for the people of this state. He loves the people of this state. He did really really well. It was a tight race and he is all in for Eddie and that's Ralph Abraham congressman come on up. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you so much. Mr. president, thank you for coming to Monroe Louisiana and thank you for making America great again now. Mr. president, this crowd and all of Louisiana loves to win we're going to celebrate again when the Saints win, the Superbowl we're going to celebrate again when LSU wins a national championship and president drunk we're going to celebrate you when you once again rid the world of evil Tara like al Baghdadi's. Thank you, but you heard the president. We are dead last. We must do better and to our veterans here, whose shadow that we stand in every day to our farmers and our ranchers that deal the land and herd the cattle from dawn to dusk, for our oil and gas industry. That has, as you heard, the president say, made us energy dominant to our law enforcement that runs toward the bullet when we run away and to all of us that fill up their church pews on Sunday morning and and pray to a loving and caring God, we will win this race. So, mr. president, mr. president, you have shown the world what America could do you have shown the world what America can do and, more importantly, mr. president, you have shown the world what America will do when we're challenged so we're going to win this race go vote sanity for Eddie. Let's get this thing done, put the horse in the barn and go win a ballgame. Thank you. Thank you very much he's a great guy he's a great guy. We appreciate it. I call Ralph I said Ralph I'd love to have you. He said, sir, if you want me, if you need me I'm here and that's a real man. Thank you very much and their friends they're real friends, so where's Mason, you know Ralph, said Mason, which Mason, where alph we're saying Mason. Where are you Mason? What a job he did? What you do fly around the world as the youngest person ever well, Ralph said I gotta mention so I gotta mention you. Thank you very much. Thank you very important to Ralph I want to thank other of our incredible and I call them warriors because that's what they are they have to be today. They won't be around long Garret graves great congressman, Garrett, Thank, You, Garrett, great job. They fight hard jobs, tougher that we all thought shouldn't be tough at all, but they made it tough. We have people that made it a lot tougher than it's supposed to be, but these are incredible. People play Higgins, Thank, You clay and Mike Johnson thanks my great job, all of you and your States Attorney General somebody I've known for a long time he's terrific Jeff, Landry and two terrific men on the ballot with any John mentioned that Kyle Ardoin and your next state senator Robert Mills, we're also joined by Louisiana's own Phil and Willie Robertson I love them. I can learn plenty from these. Two come on up here. Come up come up. Come up great people they've been with us from the beginning right from the beginning, smart, as can be, and wonderful people, and they hit big. They hit big and you don't hit big unless you have it come on up fellas I got it. I got it down to this. If you're, Pro, God and pro America and pro gun and production, that's all I want well I, don't know what else to say after following feel and the president and Eddie. But thank you guys so much. You have been such a great community to share life with to worship with and I'm so tickled to be here with the president that he actually came down to our community and let's go Eddie. Thank you, fellas, two great guys. They were with me right at the beginning. I said who are they? They said they're too big television, stars, I, said wow and then I started watching a little bit a lot of wisdom. Their Republican policies are lifting up Americans from every background and every walk of life. America is an economic powerhouse again like never before, actually like. Never before we eliminated a record number of job-killing regulations, saving an estimated $3,000 per household. We also passed the largest package of tax cuts and reforms in American history, saving a typical family of four another $2,000 and we're boldly adopting a policy of American energy independence. We don't have to go to these faraway places. Anymore. I was at the opening of the $10,000,000,000 Cameron LNG export facility in hackberry Louisiana, employing thousands and thousands of Louisiana workers. They couldn't get their permits for years. I got him real, fast feet. I said how long I said: let's go get them that permit for years and years they tried to get those permits, they couldn't get him. I got him very fast and we cut a rip in a couple of months ago. It was incredible. I've, never seen a building like that, one, the more pipes in that building than I've ever seen before. Meanwhile, every top Democrat running for president has pledged to abolish all American production of oil and natural gas shipping. Thousands of your state's energy jobs overseas- that's all they're doing, but Louisiana will not give them that chance. We are reversing decades of disastrous trade policies. Louisiana lost one in four manufacturing jobs after the twin disasters of NAFTA and China's entrance into the World Trade Organization. Past leaders did not care one bit what happened to those Louisiana communities because they were getting rich by sacrificing your wealth to other countries. You remember we're talk about it all the time, but under this administration the great betrayal is over. America is no longer for sale. Thanks to my tariffs were taking in billions and billions of dollars from a country that never gave us ten cents. China. Can you imagine if we ever let the radical Democrats take over negotiations with China wouldn't be too good? Let's get hunter to do it right. Let's get on come on, Arthur come on hunter. Let's see how you do hunter China would love it more than anything else. They'd love to be dealing with a different president. They actually do like me, but they don't like me what I'm doing exactly to them they're having the worst year they've had in 57 years, but it's not going to happen that way, because we can't let our country go back to the days of being ransacked and plundered by other nations. We will not be taken advantage of any longer before my election. Our leaders used the great American middle class as a piggy bank to fund their delusional global projects. They decimated American Factory. You know this American manufacturing was broken and decimated to promote. They promoted economic growth in foreign countries. They didn't promote economic growth in our country. They used our military to defend immensely wealthy nations, subsidizing their welfare states with your money and they poured precious American blood and treasure into the Middle East. While our great cities fell into disrepair, eight trillion dollars was spent in the Middle East and you want to fix a highway. They say: well, that's pretty expensive right, not anymore, but I was elected to be the president of the United States, not the President of the world. After years of rebuilding other nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation and we are finally putting America. First haven't heard that for a long time, past leaders transform faraway nations into chaotic war zones. Then they demanded that American citizens accept unlimited migration from those terror afflicted regions, stamping their visas for travel straight into your communities, not anymore. My administration implemented the travel ban to block migration from some of the world's most dangerous and deadly places and we're keeping terrorists, criminals and violent extremists the hell out of our country. That's what we're doing or no issue have Democrats more totally betrayed you than immigration. They threw open, and you saw it all through the years they threw up in your borders, to drug dealers, human traffickers and to vicious ms-13 gang members and now we're getting them out of the country by the thousands. Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure our southern border, illegal crossings have now dropped 70% since May, and when you look at what's happening over there, there's a good reason for what we're doing. We are building that wall faster than anyone thought it was possible to build the Army Corps of Engineers, we're also confronting the deadly menace of sanctuary cities which release dangerous criminal aliens into your neighborhoods school zones and city streets. Republicans, believe our cities should be sanctuaries for law-abiding Americans, not criminal. Aliens and Republicans will always stand with the heroes of Ice, Border, Patrol and law enforcement. In the last administration, vile slanders of our police went unanswered and unchallenged now we are once again condemning anti police bias and giving our officers the respect that say that they so rightly deserve. If you want to show your love and support for American law enforcement and just plain success of your state in your country, then vote early for any respond. Ii Democrats are becoming more extreme by the day. The Democrats plan government takeover of health care would demolish. Your Medicare I will always protect Medicare for our nation's seniors. We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions, and we will also protect patients with pre-existing physicians. Democrats want to take away our doctors. Republicans will strongly defend your right to keep your doctor. You remember that with President Obama, you keep your doctor. You keep your plan 28 times. It was a lie. Our ambitious campaign to reduce the price of prescription drugs has produced the largest decline in drug prices in over 50 years. Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late term abortion ripping baby straight from the mother's womb, right up until the vote right up until the moment of birth. That is why I have asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion, because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God. Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term, abortion, socialism and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American worker, the American family and the American Dream. It's also the party of the late great Abraham Lincoln people. Together, we have confirmed already 158 incredible judges to interpret the Constitution as written, including two great Supreme, Court justices, Neel, Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh. Our historic investment in rebuilding the military has included more than 30 million dollars to bark scale. Do you know where that is? Do you know where that is Barksdale? Where's Barksdale nice? Oh good, Barksdale, Air, Force, Base right here in Louisiana and forty million dollars to naval Naval Air Station joint Reserve Base in New, Orleans I, withdrew from the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear deal, I recognized, Israel's, true capital and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem, and we recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. After 52 years four years you watched as your politicians apologize for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the people of Louisiana. The next step to victory begins in this state and it begins with you right now. With your support. We will show the corrupt Democrats and they are corrupt, do-nothing Democrats that the American people are not backing down. We need you to get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and get out to vote early for Eddie, and if you don't vote early I'll be back on Thursday to get you to vote on Saturday. Ok, with your help, we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work dependence through Independence and poverty to prosperity. Together, we will elect a Republican Congress we're going to be able to do that. We have to be able to do that to create a fair, safe, sane and lawful system of immigration and many other things we will enact trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped. With that beautiful phrase made in the USA, we will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine. Finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic in America. Did you know that within ten years I never knew? We could do it until recently and we put up the money we'll have the AIDS epidemic ended. Who would have thought we could have done that? We will chart a new era of discovery in space and someday very soon we will land an American astronaut on the surface of Mars. We will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious liberty and the right to keep and bear arms. Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America. We.