Thank you very much and thank you to the original Lee Greenwood. Thank you. Thank you. Man, great guy, well I just want to say a very big hello Kentucky, it's great to be here in the home of a a group called the wild catch ever hear the Kentucky and by the way they play at a very big arena. This place. Look at this Wow hello up there. This is incredible with thousands of proud, hard-working, freedom-loving american patriots, which is what you are tomorrow. The people of Kentucky will head to the polls and you will vote to reelect you're, terrific Republican, governor Matt, Bevin he's done a fantastic job, a fantastic job and we're sending a signal by doing that to the rest of the country to the rest of the world that the Republican Party, you know what we stand for, but you see what's happening with the Democrats. They have gone crazy to do nothing Democrats and then not getting it done under Republican leadership. The economy is booming, wages are rising, confidence is soaring, Kentucky is thriving like never ever before, and America is stronger than ever before. Kentucky's unemployment rate has reached the lowest point in the history of our country. That's not fair and I want to just tell you that you have incredible representatives and the job that Matt Bevin has done as governor he's had to do some things that you had to do and he's done them unbelievably well and it sets you up to be a rocket ship in the future. You had to do it so I just want to thank him for having the courage to do what he had to do, but you have the best numbers you've ever had in the history of the state and with the help of your Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. We have confirmed 157 judges to follow the Constitution as written and we're supporting our police. We're rebuilding our military with defeating radical Islamic terrorists like never before the monstrous animal known as al-baghdadi is dead, and the man that took his place is dead. Also, American Special Forces gave the world's number one terrorist a one-way ticket to hell. No enemy on earth stands a chance against the awesome power of the United States military, which is now stronger than ever before. We've rebuilt it and it was all made in America and our country is winning again and our country is highly respected again, but while we are creating jobs and killing terrorists, the Radical Democrats are going totally insane. They want to obliterate. The rule of law, drive out faith from the public square saya, and you know this silence you online confiscate your guns, you better be careful. The Second Amendment very, very important, very precious. They are after your Second Amendment with us. Nobody is touching our Second Amendment, and that includes the gentleman that's running against Matt they're. After your Second Amendment. We can't let that happen. They want to indoctrinate your children. You know this destroy. Anyone who holds traditional American values. All you have to do is ask the boys from Covington Catholic High School, some of whom are here tonight. The far-left wants to impose their authoritative ideology on the nation, telling you what to think what to believe and how you should live. They want to erase our traditions. Our culture, our history and our heroes, they want to subjugate you and break you to their will, but Kentucky will never be broken. Kentucky can't be broken. You're too strong and you're too smart in their crazed thirst for power. The Democrats are trying to tear our country apart. First Democrats engineered the Russia hoax, the most egregious fraud ever foisted upon the American people, the Russian house. Then they did the Muller scam. You remember that the Muller scan two years and they said nothing and then mr. Muller testified. That was a wonderful day for being, and you remember last week, I don't know tulsi gabbard, but Hillary Clinton said that tulsi gabbard is a Russian agent, I, don't know Jill Stein she's a greenie and that's fine she's, a greenie Jill Stein, but Jill Stein was an agent of Russia. Also, these people are crazy. Now, corrupt politicians, Nancy Pelosi of Adam Schiff. They are corrupt and Nancy, unlike Kentucky, which is doing great Nancy oughta stop wasting time. Go back to her district in San Francisco help the homeless get rid of the drugs, get rid of the needles that are lying all over. The street and all of the things that are washing into the ocean through their storm sewer system, what's happened to San Francisco and what's happened to so many other places run by the radical left. Democrats, it's unbelievable Los Angeles, you take a look at Los, Angeles looks like a third-world city, but go back to Nancy's area. Look at what's happened, there's been no place in the country. That's gone down like the area that Nancy Pelosi represents and she's wasting all overtime, and you know what it's backfiring. You say it, but the media and the Democrats have launched an even more brazen assault in our nation with a deranged type of partisan, impeachment wicked impeach. So today we just hit the highest number in the history of the stock market and that's hundreds of so last week. Think of this in the history of our country. It's never done better and by the way, this that rich, that's that poor. That's for everybody! Your 401 k, s--, how you doing pretty good right! Pretty good people tell me that their wives, their husbands, all of a sudden they've, been running the 401 KS for years, and they totally lost respect for let's say the husband totally lost respect now they think he's a financial genius because he's a 74 percent. She says darling, I love you! You are the most incredible brilliant financial mind and you know what, if the Democrats get in that's not going down by 50%, that's going down to nothing, it's gonna be worthless, gonna be worthless, you'll, have it depression, the likes of which you've never seen? Mark my words, but hopefully we don't have to even think about it, and that was going to happen here when we took over that was going down in the wrong direction and don't forget that was zero interest, we're paying interest. In other words, people are now getting interest on their money, but that was with zero inches real easy with zero interest. Last week, the Democrats voted to try and nullify the ballots of tens of millions of Americans to be exact. 63 million people disgracing themselves and bringing shame upon the House of Representatives they've been plotting to overthrow the election since the first hour that we won and actually before we won. They were plotting to overthrow this election before we 119 minutes after I took the oath of office that disgusting Washington Post, look at all these people back. There look fake news media, it's the fake news, look at all of them. What they don't know is that when we hang it up in five years or nine years or 13 years or maybe 17 years or maybe, if I still have this strength, 21 years see now they're going crazy. But now their sakes see I told you he was a dictator. He wants to take charge in control of our country. These people are crazy. Yeah. If you have one nut job on television, he's sitting down doing an interview recently and he looks at the person he's interviewing and he goes like he's in total, depression total depression and he goes he good fans up there. Thank you. He goes. You know he's going to win, don't you, you know he's going to win like like deficit. The guy goes well we're gonna fight to the Wigan. No, no he's going to win. You know he's never leaving office. Don't you he's never going to leave. Often these people are crazy, but that disgusting newspaper that's right. There The Washington Post, declared the campaign to impeach. President Trump has just begun. All right. You can get them out. Be gentle, be gentle, be very gentle. You know every time I say get him out of here. I end up getting sued. He says you know they say og here at my arm. All right so be very gentle. Please I! Don't want to get sued, plea virgin, very urgent, he's gone home to mom argue by the way do we love our law enforcement and in the whole world, even on a Monday night. You know I like the Monday nights, because I think we're 58 and oh that's a good record even for the Wildcats, that's a good we're, 58 and all, but even on a Monday night. Is there anything cooler than being at a trump rally? Nothing with last week's vote. The far left has declared war on American democracy itself. These people are lunatics in the face of these attacks. Republicans are the most unified that I've ever seen and I've been watching them and been a big part of them for a long time, and the Democrats have never witnessed anything like it and they know they're, not gonna, win in 2020. So, let's see what can we do to win, but that's not working too well you'll see the American. People are fed up with Democrat lives, hoaxes slander, the Democrats outrageous conduct has created an angry majority that will vote that do-nothing Democrats the hell out of office soon tomorrow Kentucky as a chance to send the radical Democrats a message. You will vote to reject the Democrats extremism, socialism and corruption, and you will vote to reelect Kentucky governor Matt Bevin boost on a great job. Matt's, a veteran he's, a patriot he's done it all he's been a very, very successful business leader. He put his whole life at stake to help this state and the job he's done is incredible. Under his leadership, Kentucky has created over 57,000 new jobs, but I helped also we work together. Now he is difficult. I have to say you know, maybe it goes of the election, but it's okay here, look he's such a pain when he needs something for Kentucky like money like aid like he wants me to call one of the many manufacturers now that are coming into Kentucky. Could you call the head of some company in Japan? Please I, say Matt do I have to do it? Please please, but isn't that really what you wanted a governor? That's what you want he's such a pain in the ass, but that's what you want and the job he's done. One of the best in the country, not the best he's been an incredible Mathers, strong one crime and tough on illegal immigration. Thank you. He's Pro work pro life and 100% pro-second amendment and by the way you're gonna lose your second Amendment. If you voted Democrat, you think I'm kidding I see what they're saying I watch what they're doing they're calling me all the time you will lose your second Amendment as soon I'm telling you as sure as you're standing here. Is anybody sitting? Nobody ever sits, you can sit if you. What now do you stand? You know what they say. The fake news. Look you've been standing, nobody sat I, don't know it's. Is that exciting that nobody said you know they say. No, you know what they say. They say. Trump only got one standing ovation because they stood at the beginning and they never sat down, but they don't save. The second part, that's great great great spirit. You know why you love our country and you see what's happening. We have turned this big monster ship. We have turned it around and we need so badly. You know it's like you plant the tree. It takes a look. We have to get those roots to hold. We have the best unemployment numbers in the history of our country, so many things so many things, the best employment numbers we have the best of everything and I think I'm gonna count but I think it's like a hundred and eighteen I told you. We have a record stock market today, I think about a hunt. I'm gonna have to check it because you know with the fake news, if I'm off by a half a point, if it's, if it's 117 and not 180, even if I go under they report it, they say he didn't tell the truth. It was really 119 but I like a lot over a hundred where we had the highest stock market in our history. Think of that that's incredible, but Matt Bevin has made record investments and education spending for Kentucky students. Education is so important to him. Matt Bevin will defend your Kentucky values. He loves his state from an all-out assault being waged in you from the extreme left, not good I. Can't even imagine how can you vote for somebody from the extreme left? You know this. Guy Beshear is a major lefty. You know that right. Why are we even wait? Let's just have a good time. Are you sure we need an election tomorrow? Matt I, don't know how does Kentucky vote for a person I'm telling you he will always vote for Pelosi and Schumer and shifty shifty? How about this guy? How about Jeff? He makes up a conversation. He gets up before the United States Congress. He repeats my conversation with the head of the Ukraine, the new president, a good guy repeats. It I said: I never said that he made a horrible statement. It was a total lie and then I actually wanted to release the actual conversation, and you haven't heard about the whistleblower after that. Have you because the whistleblower said lots of things that were so good folks you're going to find out, but these are very dishonest people, shifty Schiff, but Matt's running against these people, and we have to send them a sign because they're dangerous. The radical left named Andy Beshear, who rejects everything. Kentucky stands for. That's who they want to win. Basheer is openly pledged to stop the policies of donald trump. What are the policies? Take care of our vets take care of our military. We want jobs. We want companies to stop, leaving us they're, not leaving anymore. You see, companies aren't leaving anymore. Have you noticed remember years ago, before I ever thought of doing this I mean when I said. Let's do this I said they are great. Now, first lady I said Melania, let's give it a shot and then one by one we were doing good and what we've done, if you remember before we ran companies were leaving Kentucky, they were leaving, they were going to Mexico. They were going to China Japan. They were going all over any place, but Kentucky. You don't read about that at all. Now, they're all coming back they're all coming back, but Beshear wants to shut down your coal shut down your energy, raise your taxes and take a giant wrecking ball to the greatest economy. In the history of the state of Kentucky, the greatest economy. You've ever had he's going to destroy it and it won't be long. It'll go very quickly. You know you're all sitting there. Everybody has good jobs, you don't like it. You go find another job. It's like the choice. I got for military I got you choice to. If you don't like your job, you find another. When you tell the boss say I'm getting out of here like this guy, you go, get a better job for more money, Beshear doesn't represent you, he represents the Washington swamp and he's backed by the same people trying to overthrow the last election. Basheer supported crooked, Hillary, Clinton and he's funded by the pro-abortion lobbying and open borders. Fanatics open borders, let every one poor writer, let of all poor right in, but she wants to bring sanctuary cities to Kentucky. Think of that one, releasing violent criminals and aliens to terrorize innocent Kentucky families. He wants sanctuary cities, he hasn't learned. What's happened, you know we had a great election. A couple of weeks ago in North Carolina, we won two House seats. We were supposed to lose, probably both of them, and we want them by a lot. We want to buy a lot and I think we want them because of the second amendment, because it's under assault from Democrats but I think we won also because of sanctuary cities, because some bad news came out of sanctuary cities really bad and I think that was a reason we won both House seats by a lot. Beshear is too liberal, too extreme and too dangerous for the state of Kentucky. Tomorrow everybody needs to vote Republican. We got to go Republican all the way and I want to bring up a man and I'm I'm serious about this. This guy worked so hard he's a a great natural talent in business which you needed, and he straightened it out and I'll tell you what he will be one of the truly great in the history and maybe the greatest in the history of this state. Matt Bevin come on up Matt. How do you like having President Trump in Rupp Arena? This is better. This is better than the final four I'll tell you what, in terms of energy, this is extraordinary Thank, You Kentucky. It is critical that we go top to bottom run. The slate vote straight Republican, but do your civic duty, let's get out and vote, let's send a message to Washington to the other states, to the United States of America. The Kentucky is leading the way and that we support the President of the United States Donald J Trump. So we're also joined tonight by a very powerful man in Washington, your great senator Mitch McConnell. Nobody works harder for Kentucky than Mitch. I will tell you, nobody works harder and, frankly, maybe more importantly, nobody works. Smarter. It's up here, I know a lot of people that work hard. He worked smart when the Democrat arsonists and washing tried to destroy an innocent man named Brett Kavanaugh. Now, justice, Brett, Kavanaugh Mitch, refused to cave to the left-wing mob and that's what it was. It was a mob. There has never been a man treated so badly in Washington, as Judge Cavanaugh previously judged now justice. We got a man and he's been great and he will be great. Mitch confront two tremendous Supreme Court justices which helped deliver the largest ever investment in our military and pass VA choice and VA accountability for our amazing veterans. Now I know bitch's opponent because they came here. Do you remember last year slightly different location and that's okay? It was still the great state of Kentucky, because Andy Barr had Amy McGrath and extreme liberal against him, and Andy Barr is here with us tonight and we're gonna introduce him, but we beat her. So she said to herself. Well, you know I failed in Congress. Now, let's go for the Senate. She wanted to go to the house. Now she wants to go. It's not gonna work that way. Extreme liberal anti-gun lots of different things. Amy McGrath compared my election. Think of this one. It's so insulting I, shouldn't, say yeah. Why not? No, it's so insulting! You know you worked so hard. You love your country so much and they get up to say things. She compared it to 9/11. They slander upon our nation. She wants open borders. She supports the impeachment hoax witch-hunt like nobody and she wants to get rid of me. She wasn't too happy with me. Last year we came in Andy and we did a job on her, and this is gonna be easy and she was caught telling donors Democrats that she is further left than anyone in the history of the state of Kentucky. Is that what you want so next November the state needs to defend its values and vote for rock-ribbed Kentucky conservative Mitch McConnell, but we're gonna get back to that later, we'll be back many times, we'll be back here many times Mitch. Well, thank you. Mr. president, for making America great again and Matt Bevin is making Kentucky great again. Thanks to your help tonight and working together we're changing the federal courts forever nobody's done more to change the court system in the history of our country than Donald Trump and mr. president, we're gonna keep on doing it. My motto is: leave no vacancy behind, so President Obama, left, Mitch and me and Rand, and all of us he left a hundred and forty two openings for judges, you're not supposed to allow any. You don't do that. You know they say the most important thing a president can do is federal judges right, including the Supreme, Court, obviously and I came in and I said how many do we have, and they said how many what sir I said, judge openings and I thought they'd say none or one or two. He said, sir. We have 142 I said what I said. Tell me again said we have a hundred and forty two, so Mitch and I and Rand would like to thank very much President Obama, because nobody has ever been so generous. Also with us tonight is a great warrior and a great guy, smart, strong, loves your state and he's really become a good friend of mine and I'll. Tell you he's a little bit different, it's okay, but whenever I've needed him whenever I needed him, he was always there. It's true I mean sometimes like I'd, say: I, don't need. Your vote ran good. Then he'll vote his own way. Let's get that little libertarian touch, that's! Okay, that's okay, but whenever we need and I'm not talking about me I'm talking about we, we need a vote he's so incredible and he's become a really good friend and I want to have him come up for a second Rand Paul, your senator, a great warrior. President Trump has great courage. He faces down the fake media every day, but Congress needs to step up and have equal courage to defend the president. Hunter Biden made $50,000 a month. That's the definition of corruption. We know he got it only because of his family connections. We also now know the name of the whistleblower. The whistleblower needs to come before Congress as a material witness because he worked for Joe Biden. At the same time, hunter Biden was getting money from corrupt oligarchs, I, say tonight to the media: do your job and print his name and I say this to my fellow colleagues in Congress to every Republican in Washington, step up and subpoena hunter Biden and subpoena the whistleblower and I say to my colleagues. If shifty ship will not let hunter Biden come and if you will not bring the whistleblower for every Republican in Congress should take a walk and say this is a farce Wow. That was excellent. Thank you. Thank you very great job he's a warrior. He's a warrior. I've always said it also with us tonight. Are representatives from your state that are a fantastic couple from outside your staple will. Welcome them also right, but these are also great fighters. Great warriors Hal Rogers Brett Guthrie Thomas, Massie man. We just spoke about one, a great grace, Andy, Barr, James calmer, great and from an incredible state that we won 2016, that crooked Hillary said she's going to win. That state didn't come to close at winning that state, it's a great state and we love the people of North Carolina, congressman mark meadows, along with some of your local, great politicians and a person. That's done a really spectacular job. You know in Michigan a woman she just kept going. She just kept going reminded me by the way of your governor from the standpoint she never quit. Now. Republicans hadn't won Michigan in many many years. She called. Could you come again? Could you do it again? Could you come make another speech? Please I say alright. This is the last well, no, no! No, how about a couple of more and then Bill Clinton actually told Hillary Clinton you better get going something's going on in Michigan. You didn't lose Michigan, you better start going. No, no! No. The polls say everything's good and we won the great state of Michigan for the first time in many ways and I said when it came time to pick in the Republican party chair head of the RNC I said: I gotta get the woman from Michigan Ronna McDaniel to head it out and when they were saying how sophisticated Hillary Clinton's campaign was, you know we're not sophisticated great I. Don't think still remember you're all doing the catwalk she's got the finest computer technology in the world yeah she paid she paid for it, but she didn't get it. She has really fantastic geniuses, but I had somebody that was a lot better than the people that she had and his name was read: parse Cal that he's here with us campaign what a great job and our numbers are looking very good, but they give it we're one day short of a year now. Can you believe it less than a year? It begins November 3rd. This time we had that great great date. Boy November, 8th, remember, was there ever a day like that in television history, and they have no idea, because when we do hang it up they're all out of business. They know that. That's why I think that we will get I expect to get a full, hearty unbelievable endorsement very soon from the fairly New York Times and from the Amazon Washington Post. You know before the elections started about a month before I announced that I was gonna. Do this I said I've never become a politician. I can't believe it. I'm gonna become a politician, but I looked at the New York Times that it was like a little leaflet that you hand out at a grocery store right. The wind would blow it away, it was dead, I call it the failing, New York Times only because eventually it will fail, but we built it up. They do stories in my entire life. I had a few stories on the front page of the New York Times, and now, if I have three or four a day, it's like, why are they not covering me anymore and they're, all bad? They only they can take what we did two weeks ago with the number one terrorist in the world and they make it look as bad as possible. In fact, I love dogs, but they gave the dog full credit. They didn't give me any credit, that's okay, the dog got the credit, and the dog will be coming very shortly by the way to the White House, but they'll be endorsing us, and you know all of these crazy, like CNN with its bad ratings. There goes, it's read life, it just went off the red light. Just went off, see it well, it's hard look put yourself in their position, they have it on their covering and now they know, they're ready to get hit. So they turn it off. I bet, I can't blame no. The red light just went on no, but put yourself in CNN's position without us. You know: cable was not supposed to be a good business. Then we came along. It's not me, it's we. They came from the valleys. They came from everywhere the cities they came from places they're still trying to figure out where the hell did. All those people come from a great senator from Tennessee. They have early voting and I was in Pennsylvania making his speech, and he saw me because he had a couple of great congressman friends from Pennsylvania, and he said you know in Tennessee we have very early voting and I. Just left and I've been doing this for 24 years and I got to be honest with you, I've never seen so many people vote, and these are people. They love our country, they're incredible, they work hard, but they never liked what they were voting for. So they really wouldn't vote sounds terrible, but they didn't like anything that they saw, they say sure I'm seeing people- and he said this come out from the valleys. Come out from the mountains come out from areas that they've never come out. We have lines that are five blocks long at every voting, booth and parlor, and he said I can't speak for the rest of the country but of the rest of the countries like Tennessee you're gonna have the greatest victory in the history of our nation and that's what happened. That was a great statement that was a great statement from people from a great state. Also tomorrow you must elect the entire Republican ticket from Governor on down, including your next lieutenant governor Ralph, Alvarado, Ralph Alvarado, and your next Attorney General Daniel camera should I bring Daniel up, get up here. Daniel, here's the star, here's the star! Mr. president, I hope you can tell that Kentucky is trump country. We are proud to stand with you on pro-life issues in here in the Commonwealth. We are going to stand up for those who cannot speak for themselves and, mr. president, we are going to stand with you in protecting the second Amendment rights of all Kentuckians and mr. president, I make a personal commitment to you as the next Attorney General. We are going to make sure that Kentucky is never a sanctuary state star a star is born. A star is born, never see that movie a star is born Thank You Daniel, your next Secretary of State Michael, Adams, auditor, Mark Harmon. Thank you, Mark Treasurer, Allison, ball, she's doing great and agriculture commissioner Ryan Quarles with the help of everyone here. America is the hottest economy anywhere in the world by far foreign leaders come in to see me, congratulations on your economy, China's doing poorly, as you know, but they're paying us billions and billions and billions of dollars and they've. Never given us ten cents before billions of dollars. I gave a lot of that money to our farmers, who got targeted but no longer they're back buying from our farmers, but we've created 6.7 million new jobs since the election and if I would have ever said that during the campaign, the fake news back there would have. Never. Let me hear the end of it. Think of that six point. Seven and today, just today, a record 158 million Americans are now employed, the highest level of employment in our country's history. African-American unemployment just dropped to the lowest level ever recorded in the history of our country, Hispanic, American and Asian. American unemployment rates have also reached the all-time historic lows: the history of our country, hourly earnings. Listen to this are up nine percent. Since the election, nobody ever thought that was going to be happening under the previous two administrations. We lost 60,000 factories, I thought that was a typo I said: outta hell. Can you lose 60,000? It turned out to be right, and you know how I know because I've been saying it for two years and they never corrected me two years, I get a call, sometimes from the people on the campaign. Sure sir, we have an emergency. What's the emergency somebody's calling from the media, the fakeness did you put a comma in the wrong location, sir, because they consider it to be a front-page story. Okay, under my administration, we've added nearly 10,000 new factories and many many more thousands of factories are coming into our country. We reversed it to get relief to working families. We pass massive tax cuts, massive to lift up the stress communities. Our tax law created opportunities owns Tim Scott of South Carolina was so involved, including 144 designated by your great governor, by the way, the other governor I, don't think not gonna do so well. He'll be calling for a meeting and I won't be able to see him because I don't like them very much. But I like this one very much and we're gonna help. We slashed a record number of job-killing regulations. We ended the war on American energy, we're now the largest producer of energy anywhere in the world. By far and we ended the war on beautiful, clean coal, I announced the withdrawal of the United States from the horrible costly, one-sided Paris climate Accord. Ask them how they're doing in Paris with it not too good. I cancelled the so-called clean power plan and repealed. Obama's federal coal moratorium we're putting our great miners back to work on trade, we're starting to set records every week, we're reversing decades of Washington, disloyalty, stupidity and corruption. Past administrations did nothing as China looted. Our factors and stole up to 500 billion dollars of American dollars by the way people can't even believe it, not 500 million. That's a lot if you lost 500 million. That's a lot. I thought that was another typo 500 billion dollars. They would take a year from us. We rebuilt China and I, give them a lot of credit by the way I give China. What I don't give credit to is Obama and past administrations beyond Obama I, don't give them credit because they let it happen. They should have never let it happened, but now we're taking in tens of billions and billions and billions of dollars just recently very slow, slippy, Joe Biden. That is said of China's piracy and plunder they're, not that bad folks. He owes use the word folks. I watched him today he's the word folks, hi folks, hi. My time is up I gotta leave. Now they have all freaked out because he makes a mistake every time he speaks. Oh I can just see these handlers cuz their handlers like they use their horses. The handlers right all right get him off. Now he's been up there long enough, so they're screaming get off, get off sleepy Joe get off the stage. Please please Joe you're doing fine Joe, you don't find you're doing fine, and then he goes I love being in Ohio, but he was in Iowa yesterday you see and they say damn it. He shoulda left sooner and we told him get off the stage. Sleepy Joe sleeping Joe get off the damn stage, but he said about sleepy Joe about China they're, not that bad folks they're not really competition for us, no they're, not 500 billion a year right. He did nothing in eight years him in Obama fact I'm here, because of them when you think about it right, I'm here because of them Kelly and Conway stand up Kelly. Another warrior, I just saw Kelly and I said no, but think of it. Somebody saying that now look the 1.5 billion dollars that hunter, who got thrown out of the Navy, for what no experienced, who had not anything, got a lot of money from Ukraine, but he got 1.5 billion from China I gotta tell you, I've been negotiating with China they're. Very tough that is not the same group of Chinese people that I've been negotiating with, they gave 1.5 billion he'll, make millions and millions with that and how about saying by the way? Mr. president, would you please take over the negotiations that President Trump is no longer handling, guess what you would be sold down the tube so fast and we're so close? China wants to make a deal so badly. I think they'd love to see another president I think. Would they like they would like to see another president more than crooked Hillary? Would? Okay? Can you imagine if they ever took over negotiations of this deal, which going to be one of the greatest deals ever made has to be because we started down here and they were up there has to be, can you imagine if they ever took over negotiations? This is what China would love more than anything else. It's not gonna happen folks, because we can't let our country go back to hell. We can't do it. We can't let it happen because the Biden's got rich while America was robbed, and let me tell you, the fake news will not put it in I watched the last debate and this weakling named Anderson Cooper saying, while it's totally unsubstantiated mr. Biden totally answer what's unsubstantiated, he is on tape. Doing a real quid pro quo, sir. It's totally unsubstantiated sir I've never seen anything like it. Could you imagine if I did what he did? Could you imagine if Don, jr. or Eric Trump walked out of China while I was let's say vice president or president? Let's say they walked out of China with 1.5 billion? Do you think the press would be saying? Well, it's unsubstantiated now it's something! Let me just tell you something! These people are not all of them, but these people are very dishonest people- okay, very, very dishonest, but under this administration the great betrayal is over. America is not for sale and we're more determined than ever to drain the swamp, and that's what we're doing with these crazy people, a lot of bad things happened and a lot of bad things, I think are gonna, be revealed because there's no way we can allow them to get away with what they would have with a normal person gotten away with. Let's face it. These are bad people. Thanks to my tariffs, we will soon have over a hundred billion dollars from a country that didn't want to do anything with us and I'll tell you they started buying our farm product. You see that they started buying a lot of our product even before the deals I died last year, I got our farmers 16 billion dollars because they were targeted and the year before, I got a twelve million dollars. I just took him out of the tariff, so we had a lot left over and I said. Congratulations, farmers, I love! You I love our farmers. They love me, that's why they did they targeted our farm. I said: congratulations, that's compliments of China and they do they want to make a deal so badly. Frankly, honestly, they want to make a deal a lot more than I want to make a deal. That's the way. It is because we're doing very well right now, with China we're replacing the NAFTA disaster with the US Mexico Canada agreement, a huge win for Kentucky farmers for Kentucky Auto Workers for Kentucky manufacturers, unfortunately Nancy Pelosi so far, and the do-nothing Democrats don't want to give the people of our country a victory. It's really let it be a bipartisan deal, I, don't care! It's such an incredible deal for this country and NAFTA was one of the worst deals ever made. Democrats need to pass the u.s. MCA. We need their votes, otherwise you can't pass it and it's up to Pelosi, who has to put it forward, but she's too busy wasting their time so either pass it or go back to San, Francisco and clean up your mess. The obama-biden administration's trans-pacific partnership would have dealt the deathblow to the American, auto industry. That would have been one of the great catastrophes my first week in office, I canceled that job-killing travesty. You know all about under our policies. Just days ago Ford and the UAW announced a 1 billion dollar investment in Louisville 1 billion. Before my election, our leaders used the great American middle class as a piggy bank to fund their delusional global projects. They would globalists. I was elected to be President of the United States, not President, of the globe. They decimated American manufacturing to promote economic growth in foreign countries. Tell me: how is that good that try and convince you? It's good I was a very good student that we're very like we're all smart. We sit back. We listen and I say these people are something wrong with them. They only in Kentucky. Can somebody be so precise, you're right about you are right about. They deployed our military to protect immensely wealthy nations, subsidizing their welfare states with your money, the money we spend on other countries militaries, but it's coming down and I'm telling other countries I'm sorry, you're gonna have to pay now, I'm, sorry, pay, hey, hey you gotta pay and they poured precious American blood and treasure into the Middle East. While our great cities fell into decay and disrepair, we go in for Internet. We want rural, we'll bring it in and we're bringing 5g into places like Kentucky that haven't been properly served, we're bringing it in all over the Middle West all over the country and we're really ahead of schedule. We're doing really well. People will be very surprised soon when some numbers come out, but we're doing very well, but you were very much underserved for years and yet we're investing billions and billions of dollars in places you've never even heard of does it make sense, does it, but after years of rebuilding other nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation. We are finally putting America first, yet the deep state and the failed ruling class are trying to resist any changes to their failed policies of the past. They believe it is their right to rule over you and to redistribute your wealth all around the world. No! Thank you. No thank you. That's why we ended the Paris Accord. That's why we would we've ended over I. Don't even want to tell you, but the sellout of the American nation ended the day. I took the oath of office, and you understand that past leaders transform faraway nations into chaotic war zones. Then they demanded that America accept unlimited migration from those terror afflicted regions. Take the people, take the people we defeated Isis. We, when I, took over three years ago, when we took over when I took over Isis, was all over I defeated. Isis, you know, I didn't even know to what extent I was watching the other night, the great Lou Dobbs, and he said when Trump took over President Trump. He used to say Trump is a great president. Then he said, Trump is the greatest president since Ronald Reagan, then he said then he said. No, no Trump is an even better president than Ronald Reagan and now he's got me down as the greatest president in the history of our country, including George, Washington and Abraham Lincoln. Thank you. We love you too, but we didn't fight them over there only to invite them over. Here we didn't do that. We're not doing that. You see what we're going and you see what we're doing and you see it's never easy, because I get hit by this swamp 15 different ways, but it doesn't matter we're doing the right thing to protect our communities. My administration implemented the travel ban on some of the world's most dangerous countries. A lot of people were against it. They said, isn't that terrible countries that have crime rates that are so high, you wouldn't even believe it's possible and we have a travel ban. Now we don't take people from those countries, I'm sorry, and we want a historic victory on the travel ban in the United States Supreme Court ruled a totally constitutional or no issue have Democrats more totally betrayed you than on immigration. Democrats want open borders, they want to give illegal aliens free health care, free education, more advantages than our own citizens have and more benefits than our own military gets in the Republican Party. We believe taking care of our own citizens. First is paramount. Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure our southern border, illegal crossings have dropped 60% since May the wall is being built. It's going up rapidly. It's got a big impact and I want to thank Mexico. We have 27,000 Mexican soldiers on our border policing our border, because the Democrats will not do anything to end loopholes. It would take us 15 minutes, so we could end the loopholes. Think of the word loopholes. They don't want to end a loophole if you want to keep violent criminal aliens out of your communities. You have only one choice tomorrow and that's to vote for Matt Bevin Democrats are becoming more extreme and militant by the day. The Democrats plan government takeover of health care would obliterate Medicare. What are they doing? I will always protect Medicare for our nation's seniors. It's going to be protected. What they're doing is crazy and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions, and we will also protect you with pre-existing physicians. How about that pre-existing physicians. First time, I've ever said that just out of that true, because under their plan you don't get your own doctor, you know what you get whatever the hell. You get. That's what you get. Oh great doc fix me up doc. You mean you want to work on my heart, who are you doc? I, don't think so, thanks to our campaign to combat the opioid epidemic, with your governor's help, we have seen a 17% drop in overdose deaths in Kentucky, which is a record Democrats, have also waged an unrelenting assault against people of faith. Anybody in here a person of faith, great people, the last administration, threatened adoption and foster care agencies purely for their religious beliefs. Last week, my administration took action to stop that Obama era assault. It was an assault and governor Matt Bevin is a national leader on behalf of vulnerable children and is no better leader than him. What he has done and together we're fighting for American orphans, foster families and the sacred rights of religious believers and he's done a fantastic. Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late term abortion ripping baby straight from their mothers womb right up until the moment of birth, and that's why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion, because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God. Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term, abortion, socialism and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American Dream, and it's the party of the great Abraham Lincoln. We forgot that Abraham, the incredible rebuilding of our military includes over 100 billion dollar investments all across the state of Kentucky I. Would draw our nation from the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear deal? It's not the same country. When I came in that country. There were an 18 different sites of confliction sites of confliction. They called it and now they're a little different. A little different, we'll see what happens with Iran and I, recognize Israel's, true capital and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem. For years you watched as your politicians apologize for America. Remember: hey! Go round! Oh! Thank you! So much. He wouldn't apologize to you, but he apologized to others. Now you have a president who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the people of Kentucky. The next step to victory begins tomorrow, and it begins with all of you. You have to do this. Look, maybe you'll be late for work. Maybe you'll be late for whatever I don't want to know everything. Okay, some things I don't want to know, but you have to just put it off. You have to go vote, it's so important tomorrow and so because you know beyond even the governorship and it's so important because you see again, your state is setting records in the history of your state. You've never done this well economically, job wise unemployment, employment factories, moving in new factories, open expansion of your car plants. You've never done this well, but you're. Sending that big message to the rest of the country. It's so important! You got to get your friends, you got a vote because if you lose, it sends a really bad message: just sends a bid and they will build it up. Here's the story: if you win they're gonna make it like ho-hum and if you lose, they gonna say: Trump suffered the greatest defeat in the history of the world. This was the greatest you can't. Let that happen to me, and you know what you can't. Let that happen: - you're, incredible state Kentucky! You can't let that happen. That would be a disaster for USA, because you'd be losing an incredible governor, but you're gonna have a great victory tomorrow. With your support, you have to go out of it. We will show the corrupt Democrats that the American people are not backing down and we will never ever back down so tomorrow. We need you to go out and get your friends get your family, get your neighbors get out and vote for Governor, Matt, Bevin and all of these great Republicans tonight. With your help, we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work dependence to independence and poverty to prosperity. Together, we will elect a Republican Congress 2020 we're going to elect because of their stupidity. These people are on the run and I will campaign in every one of those states that were so corrupt if they raise their hand and don't forget out of 194, we got 194, not one Republican left us last week and two Republicans. Think of that and the other three couldn't get there because of it, but they were votes. They said they were totally versed, Airport problems. I said you can't do that. Airport problems, but then we had the Democrats. We picked up two Democrats, so we had bipartisan support. That's unusual I always say because they're, lousy politicians, they've got lousy policy, but they do stick together. That's about it. We will elect a Republican Congress in 2020 and we'll have a great Speaker of the House in Kevin. We're going to create a fair, safe, sane and lawful system of immigration will enact trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with those beautiful words made in the USA. We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending listen to this, the AIDS epidemic in America within less than 10 years, we've already started. Who would have felt we could have done that we've started and the past administration toward the end. We had certain things that we could have done. They didn't do anything, they didn't do anything, but we did. We have it all funded and we started think of that age within 10 years, we'll be out of this country. Nobody would have thought that was possible. We will end it great great. They came into my office. They were telling me about the breakthroughs that have been made. It's incredible. What they're doing and don't forget, write to try by the way where somebody who's terminally ill can now use our medicines which they were never allowed to in the past. So instead of traveling to Asia and Europe and all over the world or going home, hopeless and dying, they can now use what we call right to try. We have the greatest doctors, the greatest drugs greatest labs in the world. They can now go and try and we are having unbelievable success, unbelievable right to try. We will chart a new year of discovery in space and someday soon we will land on Believe, It or Not the surface of the Moon only to go to Mars. You know, I said we've done the moon. No, they say, sir. We land on the moon to go to Mars and that's what we're doing with the moon, and we are really really advanced it's moving along rapidly. We will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious liberty and the right to keep and bear arms and, above all, we will never stop fighting for the cherished values that bind us together as one America. We support, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes and warriors of law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American Way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag, loyal citizens, like you, helped build this country and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people, the great state of Kentucky was settled by some of the most devoted and courageous people ever to walk on the face of the earth. These tough pioneer men and strong pioneer women braved the wilderness and defied the danger to build a life and to build a home. They didn't have a lot of money, they didn't have a lot of luxury, but they all had one thing in common: they loved their families, they loved their country and they loved their God. These proud, Kentucky Patriots did not shed their blood, sweat and tears so that we could sit at home while others try to erase their legacy and destroy their magnificent heritage. Our allegiance is to our nation. Our loyalty is to our citizens, and our devotion is to our Creator. For the sake of our freedom. For the sake of our children, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning winning winning. We are one loop. We are one people we are one family and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before and, ladies and gentlemen of Kentucky, the best is yet to come. Together we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again and we will make America great again: Thank You, Kentucky, Thank, You beau vote.