He's got a great reputation, he's very, very strongly, looking at all sorts of corruption and some of the problems they've had over the years, I think it's one of the primary reasons I think like to stay in the meeting, but we have lots of witnesses if you'd like to have it, but the country of our country is doing phenomenally well, we are, we have the best economy we've ever had. We have the best employment numbers that we've ever had and we have now almost a hundred and sixty million people working, which is more than we've ever had so we're doing very well in every respect. It I have a feeling that your country is gonna, do fantastically well and whatever we can do. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. It's a great pleasure to me to be here and it's better to be on TV than back home yeah. Thank you very much and I'm, not the first time, so they say in New York, but I know that you never been in Ukraine and your predecessor also how to say it. I mean didn't find time so I didn't give me a war that you will come to our great country. Well, I'm, gonna, try I, know a lot of people like you, I will say this I know a lot of people from Ukraine. They great people and I owned. Something called the Miss Universe pageants years ago and sold it to IMG and when I ran for president I thought. Maybe it wouldn't be the greatest thing on the Miss, Universe and Miss USA pageant, but it's a great thing and we had a winner from Ukraine and we've really had. We get to know the country very well in a lot of different ways, but it's a country I think with tremendous potential. Yes, I know it because I'm from this country and I am one to thank you for invitation to Washington, you invited me but I, think I'm, sorry, I'm, sorry, but but I think you forgot to tell me the date, but I think they know before us and I want to. Thank you -. Thank you specially. Mr. president, - USA -, your government, like I, said that I know many many people. Many faces like the second family after we know each other. Thank you for your support, especially now when you know when we have to really to worse in Ukraine the first one is with corruption. Nobody will fight, no will be winner in this fight, I'm sure and the priority micro, your key to stop the work on the bus and to get back our territories Crimea and bus bogans. Thank you for your support in this case. Thank you very much. If you remember, you lost premier during a different administration that during the Trump administration yeah, so you have chance with help us that's right administration. They give us Crimea and I. Don't think it was something that you should have, but that was done a long time ago and I think was nailing poorly, but it's just one of those things. One of the elements that we discussed is the United States helps Ukraine, but I think that other countries should help Ukraine much more than they're doing you Germany France the European Union nations. They really should help you a lot more and I think maybe together we'll work on that they have to feel a little bit guilty about it because they don't do what they should be doing. You're very important to the European Union you're, very important, strategically very important and I think they should spend a lot more in helping Ukraine and they know that also- and they actually tell me that, but they don't seem to produce so I'm sure you'll talk to them and I'll certainly be talking to them. Thank you very much. Mr. president. Ah, you know now we need I want to tell you that we now load the new country and I'm sorry, but we don't need help. We need support real support and we think thanks. Everybody I think all of the European countries do share pass, but we also want to have more more but I understand only together, America and EU. Only together we can stop the war and you know we are ready. We just want to tell that. We are remember that we're the biggest country in Europe, but we want to be the richest one. Its roots is in my heart. Well, you know you have great people in Ukraine and you have very talented people. Our sense of manufacturing in terms of some of the things do and we'll be doing we're doing trading already, but we should be doing a lot more trading with Ukraine, but you have very talented people. They make great things at the top of the line. Really so that's very important. The other thing cuz I heard you actually have over the last fairly short, pretty time. You've really made some progress with Russia I hear a lot of progress has been made and just keep it going be nice to end that whole disaster whoa to know that now we have the new team, the new Parliament, the new government. So now we voted about 74 laws, new laws which help for our new reforms, land reform, big validation, that they know about concessions that we reload the general per security, and we launched the service secretary is resolution. An anti-corruption court, as we came, we did I will launch the anti-corruption court it. It began to work on the fifth of September and it was you know it was after five days we had the new value, so we are ready. We want to show that we we just just come and if somebody, if you we want to help us so just let's do business cases. We have many investment cases, we ready and stop corruption in Ukraine, because that will really make you great. That will make you great personally, and it will also be so tremendously a nation in terms of what you want to do and where you want to take it. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I think you ran everything. So I think you read text. I am sorry, but I don't want to be involved to democratic, often elections, elections of USA. No, you heard that we had I, think good phone call. It was normal. We spoke about many things and I, so I think, and you read it that nobody push it by the way. You know there was no pressure and you have to do is see it. What went on with us all, but you know that, but you could ask the question and I appreciate the answer, but whatever he can do in terms of corruption, because the corruptions massive now when Biden's son walks away with millions of dollars from Ukraine, and he knows nothing and they're paying a millions of dollars. That's corruption when Biden son walks out of China with 1.5 billion dollars in a fund and the biggest funds in the world can't get money out of China and he's there for one quick meeting that he flies in on Air Force, two I think that's a horrible thing, I think it's a horrible thing, but I'm going far beyond that, I know the president and I've read a lot about Ukraine I've had a lot of country's. He wants to stop corruption. He was elected, I, think number, one on the basis of stopping corruption which unfortunately, has played Ukraine, and if you could do that, he's doing really the whole world a big favor, I, know and I think he's going to be successful. Mr. president, on Rudy Giuliani, why do you think it's appropriate for your personal attorney to get involved in government business? Well, you'd have to ask Rudy I. Imagine if I wasn't near this, that Rudy's looking to also find out where the phony, which on started, how it started, he had a Russian which up that turned out to be two and a half years of phony and nonsense and Rudy Giuliani's a great lawyer. He was a great man, he's highly respected. I've watched the passion that he's had on television over the last few days. I think it's incredible. The way he's done what he's out as he wants to find out. Where did this Russian witch-hunt that you people really helped perpetrate? Where did it start? How come it started? It was all who nonsense. It was a hoax. It was a total hoax. It was the media hoax and a Democrat hoax when his son and Rudy's got every right to go and find out where that started, and other people are looking at that to where did it start? The enablers? Where did it all come from? It was out of thin air and I. Think he's got a very strong right to do. It he's a good lawyer. He knows exactly what he's doing and it's very important if you believe that there's emails employed. When do you believe that there in Ukraine? Do you think this whole thing I think you mean the 30,000 that she deleted? Yes, yeah I think they could very well, for that was a nice question I like that question, because, frankly, I think that one of the great crimes committed is Hillary Clinton deleting 33 females after Congress Center and subpoena. Think of that, you can't even do that in a civil case. You can't get rid of evidence like that. She deleted 33,000 emails after not before after receiving the subpoena from the US Congress I mean I've, never heard that she's done far worse than that, although I don't know how much worse it can be, but there were many other things she did that were wrong, but that's so obvious she gets a subpoena from the United States Congress and she deletes him and then she said as I. Remember that oh well, they had to do with the wedding and yoga. She does a lot of yoga right, so they had 33,000 emails about the wedding of her daughter and yoga I, don't think so how she got away with that. One is just, but it's one of many and it's corrupt government, because we have corruption also. Mr. president, we have a lot of corruption in our government and when you see what happened with Hillary Clinton, when you see what happened with Comey in the cave and all of these people, we have a lot of things going on here to hopefully it's going to be found that very soon, but I think that a lot of progress has been made. A lot of progress has been well we're working with Ukraine and we want other countries to work with Ukraine when I say work, I'm referring to money, they should put up more money. We put up a lot of money. I gave you anti-tank Buster's that, frankly, President Obama was sending you pillows and sheets, and I gave you anti-tank Buster's, and a lot of people didn't want to do that. But I did it and I really hope that Russia, because I really believe that President Putin would like to do something. I really hope that you and President Putin get together and can solve your problem. That would be a tremendous achievement and I know you're trying to do that. I think that somebody, if you look at what he did it so bad where his son, he goes to China walks away with a billion and a half dollars. He goes to Ukraine and he walks away with $50,000 a month and a lot of money. In addition to that and the whole thing with the prosecutor Ukraine and he's on table, this is it like. Maybe he did it, maybe he did he's on tape. Doing this I saw this a while ago, I looked at it. I said: that's incredible! I've never seen anything like that. Now, either he's dumb or I thought he was in a room full of really good friends, or maybe it's a combination of both in this case. Thank you very much. Don't cry. I mean that we have independent country and independent general security. I can't push anyone. You know, that's it that's the question. That is the answer, so I didn't call somebody or the new general security I didn't ask him. I didn't push him that sorry I wanted for him. The body has been stored, obligated to do what Russell Damiani community-owned winner of zeroes meet, who cry ena just assumed I would obviously do what a crane and a solid is no crime. Even a recruiter will say, means night. When I know we respond, rebar shabba-doo, the garnet Jason Aldean I was naughty exactly he is his veto. Is a kid named dos. We don't. He achieved even roster that been proven at the boutique is problem: Iquitos, majin, buu, TOB tongue, yep and initial. In your year, women at Weber, State alone, osseous way a crane ocarina when asked number hot, oh yeah, verse delicious, but a beach person vicious to do first level with tiny was knighted, says. Profit say this was probably a key. Yakky doodle occurs on cranes, CEO wise, say: Maidan, telco, rubric, Susana Gaurav, president ramp. He was not too much Indian pursue country. We have a new prosecutor, general Ukraine, a highly professional man, with a Western education in history to investigate any case he considers and deems appropriate. Well. We have many more issues to care about and to tackle. We have ill advised. We have Milan, we have corruption cases as president from light invention about that. So we know what to do and we know where to go. What to tackle Chalabi waffles snap Frankie. Did you ask how Speaker Nancy Pelosi to find a way out in the future? Yesterday she's lost her way, she's been taken over by the radicals left. She may be let radical laugh at herself, but she really has lost her way. I spoke to her about guns. Yesterday she didn't even know. I was talking about she's, not interested in guys, I'll tell you what Nancy Pelosi is not interested in guns in gun protection and gun safety. All she's thinking about is this she's been taken over by the radical left, the whole Democrat Party and you take a look at what's happening in the media today. The whole party is taken over by the left and thank you very much. My poll numbers have gone up, but I don't want it to go up for this reason when they look and when you see what's happening, people are really angry as Democrats they're, really angry at the Democrat Party and things like as an example drug pricing getting drugs down things like gun safety infrastructure. The Democrats can't talk about that, because they've been taken over by a radical group of people and Nancy Pelosi as far as I'm concerned, unfortunately, she's no longer the Speaker of the House. Thank you very much. Everybody.