We're going to have a contest who has a brighter jacket, I called Maisie this morning, Madame magenta. Thank you. It is on behalf of our caucus. We thank you for the compliment to mr. Ono's jacket, all right well good morning. Everyone thanks for coming and let me say that I thought the questioning period yesterday was very good for us. It showed how flimsy how specious and how dangerous the Republican arguments were. I want to go over some important moments from that first period of senators questioning yesterday, nearly all of which made the case for witnesses and documents and some of the best questions actually came from Republicans from Senator, Collins and Murkowski asked. If the president's can ask the president's counsel if they could give an example of the president expressing concern about hunter and Joe Biden before the former, vice president announced his candidacy, the president's counsel could not point to a single example to support the claim. So he made up a bogus excuse that his answer was limited to what's in the record, Senator Romney asked the president's counsel if they could clarify the specific date when the president ordered the delay in military assistance and what reason he gave for doing it again. President's counsel could not point to anything to answer senator Romney now these are crucial points and they get right at the question of corrupt motive, the simple factual questions and the president's counsel unable to answer them Wow, you know who could help them answer those questions, Mick, Mulvaney, John, Bolton and our other two witnesses. So could the documents that we have asked to subpoena a few other moments stood out. I asked presidents. They said they were not demanding absolute immunity, so I asked them to name a single document or a single witness that the House Counsel requests as they went through the process that the president said: okay, not one, they couldn't name one mr. Philbin had to filibuster pH get it buildin filibuster had to filibuster an answer as to the general white reasons they might call immunity. Another moment stood out amazingly on Monday night. Mr. Dershowitz advanced a scarcely believable argument of impeachment. Yesterday he went even further suggesting that, because presidents believe their reelection is in the public interest, when they do things to benefit their reelection, it is in the public interest and they can basically do whatever they want. I hear he's correcting it on TV today. That seems to be mr. Dershowitz his pattern. He gives a statement on the floor and then spends the next day, correcting it what a load of nonsense by Dershowitz logic, President Nixon, did nothing wrong. In Watergate, he was just breaking into the DNC to help his reelection, which of course, is in the public interest according to Dersch awit, see and logic. The dursa, which argument frankly, would unleash a monster more aptly. It would unleash a monarch think about this. According to Dershowitz, impeachment is only for criminal offenses. Meanwhile, president Trump's Justice Department argues that a sitting president can't be indicted can't indict for criminal conduct can't impeach for non criminal conduct. The president could blackmail a foreign country into poisoning our elections and get away with murder, literally so long as he's in office, Republicans have gone from denying the president what the president did to normalizing it by claiming every president. Does it to now saying there's nothing wrong with it, even if he did it, it's incredible the lengths they will go to justify something most of them. Not all, but most know is wrong. The president's counts is asking us to confer two new rights on the presidency, the right to ask foreign countries to investigate their political opponents and the right to prevent Congress from investigating their opponents. If Senate Republicans vote to endorse these ideas by shutting down a fair trial, they could spell the end of presidential accountability. As we know it today, we'll finish the question and answer period, then tomorrow we'll take a crucial vote on whether we will debate having four witnesses having witnesses and documents in this trial. The fate of much of the future of how this republic conducts itself is on the shoulders of four Republicans I believe Senate Republicans and the president's team are worried about the vote. Yesterday, mr. Sekulow said that if the Senate elects to subpoena witnesses and documents, the president's team will force all sorts of manner of delay. Take the managers to court assert privilege, drag it on forever. It was a shocking admission from mr. Sekulow revealing how concerned the president's team are, how afraid they are of eyewitnesses to the president's conduct coming before the Senate. Of course, his argument isn't true. There's no reason for endless delays. The documents are compiled. One key witnesses already said he'd testify we'd expect the others to comply of subpoenas if subpoenaed and questions of privilege can be sorted out right here in the Senate. Mr. Sekulow argument was nothing more than a threat, a shakedown. He told senators to their faces that the president's team will do whatever it possibly can to prevent them from seeing the truth. It reminds you of something the president would do or say, and it should revenge my Republican colleagues just as much as it offends us Democrats. We are a nation founded on the idea of truth of reasoned debate, a facts, ideas argument, that's all we're seeking in the trial. As we've said before, we don't know what the four witnesses we'll say, their presidential appointees. We don't know what the documents will reveal that might be expelled. Fitori they might be further incriminating will live with the facts. We'll live with the truth and let the chips fall where they may will our Republican friends. It is certainly in their interest and the president's interest that we have a fair trial, a trial without truth, without key evidence without witnesses and documents would render the president's acquittal meaningless, a giant asterisk next to it, because the trial was so rigged in his favor Senator Durbin I, don't know if there's such a thing as a gruntled former employee, but it turns out that President Trump has plenty of disgruntled former employees and it seems to be the genesis of a lot of tweets these days. John Kelly a John Bolton, listen to what they said yesterday when they talked about the John Bolton manuscript, which they never ever really conceded that they received at a certain date. They said this manuscript contained top-secret information and therefore couldn't be released to the American public. Excuse me, if I'm suspicious, but I, think that John Bolton manuscript is now in the same desk drawer as a president's tax returns. Instead of an IRS audit that John Bolton manuscript is going through a security audit that I'm sure will not be completed until after this trial is over. So now we have John Bolton's, professed position that the president told him that he was actually doing this withholding funds from Ukraine for political purposes, which is going to be held back from the American public as long as possible. John Bolton should be testifying. What we heard yesterday from those on the other side was the continuing position that this is going to be something like a trial without witnesses and evidence. The American people know a lot more about trials than that, and they certainly understand that it is no trial without evidence and witnesses and John Bolton, Mick Mulvaney and the two others we've mentioned should be starters. Now this threat to that they're going to prolong this indefinitely because it is going to be a only way to do with this issue really raises. Another question: do I understand that Senator McConnell is now arguing? We cannot wait to get back to the business of the Senate, the business of the Senate last calendar year we considered 22 amendments on the floor of the United States Senate in the entire year, 22 six of them from Rand Paul that were dead on arrival. He insisted on a vote before we could leave town 22 amendments, and now they are arguing with a straight face. If this trial goes on for another week, it's going to keep us away from serious Senate business. The only Senate business we know has been Mitch McConnell's passion to fill every federal vacancy with a lightly qualified, maybe even unqualified person, for a lifetime appointment and can I say a word about professor Dershowitz 50 years on the Harvard faculty, I'm sure many people respect him for that and I certainly do too. But it's no longer professor Dershowitz appearing before the United States Senate. It's advocate Dershowitz. Those of us who've, been in a trial situation, know that when you're hired by someone when you have a client, you do everything in your power to argue that the law and the facts are, on your side, sometimes pushing the truth, just to make sure that your client will win. What we've seen from professor Dershowitz is exactly that. He is arguing now, as Senator Schumer said, that if you can identify something as president, that's in your public, your political interest and say that's the national interest, then all bets are off. They can go forward from that point and do anything they wish with impunity. Is that really where we want to go as a nation honestly, if people are going to believe that this is a true Republic or democracy depending on your taste, they have to understand that the leaders in this country are subject to accountability and the rule of law. The Republicans have missed that and, unfortunately, it's at our expense. The last point I would make. Is this I listened to these questions yesterday and understood that there are at least I hope three Republicans who are seriously considered joining us when it comes to witnesses, we need more and I hope that there will be more who will join us. This has to be a real trial at the invitation of the American people to believe. If we're gonna bring this nation together, we won't with a short circuited trial, so Mitch McConnel. Can we return to his judicial vacancies? I hope the questioning today moves along that track. I also want to say that the closing comments by mr. Philbin in the first part of the question period that suggested that we could he could receive information from foreign sources without any concern, really is a problem. If that is the new standard, god save us, because we are now relying unfortunately on an election process that is not protected from information sources that do not have the best interest. The United States in mind the efforts they're making to distort and twist the truth it comes to the security of our elections, could hurt us for many years to come. We are witnessing the coronation of Trump with Mitch McConnell holding the crown and the Republicans holding his train. So we already know that Trump believes that he can do anything he wants under article 2 of the Constitution. So yesterday we listened to during eight hours of question and answers this. What I would call insane view being pushed out to the rest of the country amazing? My colleagues talked about. You know in very concrete terms what they think Trump can do and I want to put this into a larger context of what a president who believes that he can do anything he wants under article two. This is not a president who cares about checks and balances, so this is a president who already brought us to the brink of war with Iran. Who knows what's going to happen with North Korea as Kim jong-un continues to play him. The president continues to go after immigrants tooth and nail. We have to ask ourselves what group is he going to go after next and he's already given us that information, the next group he's going to go after our seniors, because he's going to cut Social Security benefits, I represent a state, has a lot of seniors and believe me, you know: I looked it up, Alabama Arkansas, Maine, Vermont, West Virginia. These are states that have almost one in five more than one in five of their population relies on Social Security. So when he continues to go after immigrants, not enough of us speak out, but all the people who live in these states I hope they're listening, because we now have King Trump who's gonna go after your Social Security. This is the larger context in which they could be the president, who believes he can do anything. He wants under Article two operates and there's the danger we face and what is it gonna take for us to fight back. Well, is by fighting back and that's why we're here? Okay, questions! Yes, look right! Now our focus is on getting for Republicans. We shouldn't have to rely on what the Chief Justice will or will not. Do we need for Republicans to understand what the crisis that the president has created to understand the weightiness of the arguments and the fact that in impeachment you must have a fair trial. That's where our focus is nope. That's it I, don't get! Look. We all talked to Republican colleagues and we've made the same arguments we've made here, which is that fairness dictates a fair trial and impeachment dictates a fair trial. We would forever give up the right one of the last checks on an overreaching president who thinks he can do anything he wants. If you can't get witnesses and documents- and you know I- think some of them are weighing it yes I. Could you got to speak up a little bit? Look. We've always said this is an uphill fight. The pressure that Trump who's, a vindictive nasty president and McConnell place on them is large, but we're still hopeful truth prevails. We our caucus, is so strong and so United, because, frankly, we believe we have truth and right on our side and to boot. After four weeks of talking about this, the American people are strongly on our side, the overwhelming majority. Seventy five percent, including a magnifica majority of Republicans, are for witnesses and documents, and you know it's rare in a public poll that you get Republican rank-and-file disagreeing with President Trump, but in this case they do so we're continuing to make the argument and make the fight, and we think the truth can prevail and we can get the four votes. Yes, mr. CNN, okay, well, I don't want to I. Don't want to characterize the bottom line is our focus is on the vote on witnesses and documents. As you know, the leaders resolution doesn't go past that the minority has rights and we will exercise those rights. Yes, okay, yes, we're not going to get into that here. Our focus right now is on getting the four votes to bonus. Yeah we'll decide. We will decide that is allowed by the rules. It's it well. It says you can deliberate. Obviously, majority vote determines everything and again we will decide that as we move forward, but the bottom nope nope nope, that's it yes, Cheryl. Look! We're focused on the four votes here to get witnesses and documents, I believe the house managers have made an extremely strong argument and we're focused on getting the four and that's where the focus will be. Our caucus is totally united on that issue, which will determine where we go from there. Yes, well, there's, obviously, two things a much more polarization, obviously I, think a lot of our Republican colleagues frankly know what the right thing to do is know. We have truth on our side, but we've never had a president as I said who's as vindictive and nasty as this one, and he strikes fear in the hearts a lot of people, but the second difference is with Nixon trial and Clinton trial. There was cooperation, Clinton went before the grand jury, there were loads of witnesses and documents made available by both Nix an Clinton. This is the first president who, in this guise of absolute immunity, has stonewalled everything. That's a huge difference. That's why the need for witnesses and documents, even though they were available in Nixon and in Clinton, are even more needed now. Nope nope, you last question: look we're not good at. We could need the four votes. First, the Republicans can call any witness they want right now. What they're afraid of is the witnesses we've asked for okay, and so that is the first step now. If we get the four votes I imagine there would be some negotiations first step get the votes. Thank you. Everybody.