But this is a case. I hope you get to see the call, because your question you will see I did not ask for did. I did not make a statement that you have to do this or I'm not gonna. Give you a I, wouldn't do that I! Wouldn't do that with that being said, what I want is I want? You know we're giving a lot of money away to Ukraine and other places you want to see a country that's going to be not corrupt. The president is a good man. He got elected on the fact that he was going to get rid of corruption in Ukraine. That's I think the primary reason he got elected, so he gets elected on the basis of ending corruption in Ukraine. Well, I think that's good and that's what I want to see, but when Biden does a thing like that, then there's still corruption and that's not good I can do it very easily, but I'd rather not do it from the standpoint of all of the other conversations. I have I may do it because it was a very innocent call on both his part of my wait. A very nice call. It was really a congratulatory call because he had just won. It was just confirmed and he's the new president and I think he's going to do an excellent job. I will tell you it's a great call. It's a very honorable call. It's a nice call, the Ukrainian government last night very strongly. They announced that this call was a very nice call. That was, and they also said there was no pressure put on him like the character over to your left. There was no pressure put on them whatsoever. I put no pressure on them whatsoever, good F I think would probably possibly have been okay if I did but I didn't I didn't put any pressure on them whatsoever. You know why, because they want to do the right thing and they know about corruption, and they probably know that Joe Biden and his son are corrupt. They probably know that Joe Biden and his son are corrupt all right, but the fake news doesn't want to report it because they're Democrats, if that ever happened, if a Republican ever did what Joe Biden did if a Republican ever said what Joe Biden said then beginning the electric chair by right now look at the double standard you people ought to be ashamed of yourself and not. Oh, we have some great is around, but you got a lot of crooked journalists. You crooked, as hell.