I think it's very unfair to heads of countries when they think every time they make a conversation. I have a conversation with the President of the United States. It's going to be on. You know all over the world. I think that's very unfair, but in the case, in the case of what we're talking about, we released a perfect conversation. The president of Ukraine just confirmed that, and that should be case over I will say this. Adam Schiff took that conversation before he saw it and fabricated a conversation to me that's criminal. What he did is criminal, I, just don't think you're running a country I. Just don't think that you can have all of these people, testifying about every conversation you've had in this case. We have a transcript and I've, given it almost immediately. It's called transparency nobody's been more transparent than me, so you have a transcript, and in this case you also have the president of Ukraine confirming that absolutely it was a perfect conversation, but the Democrats have committed crimes because they made up the conversation. The whistleblower was wrong, no I, don't think people should be allowed. You have to run a country I, don't think you should be allowed to do say it. I can you're talking about in UK they're in the process of being spoken to we're working on that I did have a conversation yesterday with Boris Johnson, a good one and we're talking about diplomatic community. It's a very interesting situation. We are trying to work something out so we're gonna work, we're gonna, try and work, something out, I think we'll be able to how many people can they talk to. We had a simple conversation. Everybody knows what the conversation was because I gave it immediately when I heard about it. The whistleblower, who seems to be a Democrat, that's involved with a lot of people, gave a false interpretation of the conversation, because we have the conversation. The president of Ukraine just said just now that the conversation was absolutely perfect, no problem. It was a very good conversation, so I, don't know why they'd be calling Rick, Perry I, don't know why they'd be calling all these people it's a very bad situation for our country. Who's reported well, I, hope not again, I, don't know how he knows these people. What okay? Well, then they're, clients I, mean unities, got a lot of clients. So I just don't know. I haven't spoken to Rudy about it. I don't know. I will say this from what I heard I just heard about this. They said we have nothing to do with it. We're totally. We have nothing to do with it was I watch China has to do whatever they want. If they want to look into something they can look into it. If they don't want to look into it, they don't have to frankly as far as I'm concerned, if China wants to look into something I think that's great and if they don't want to I. Think that's great too. That's up to China yeah, well, Chet, trey gowdy is a terrific guy, I think there's a problem with. He can't start for another couple of months because of lobbying rules and regulations. So you'll have to ask about that. I just heard trey gowdy can't start till sometime after January because of the lobbying rules and regulations. So I don't know so we'll have to see perhaps the last one I hope I hope. The last one up to three I hope. It's going to be the last one: look. We have no soldiers in Syria, we've won, we beat Isis and we beat them badly and decisively. We have no soldiers. The last thing I want to do is bring thousands and thousands of soldiers in and defeat everybody again. We've already done that. So what we have is really two choices: you have the choice of bringing in the military and defeating everybody again or you have the choice of financially doing some very strong things for Turkey so that they take it a little bit easy on really competition that is I, don't think it's being fairly treated in many ways. Okay, we have a very good relationship with Kurds or we can mediate. I hope we can mediate. John I hope we can media. Turkey knows where I stand and the last thing what okay very simple. We had a big victory. We left the area. I, don't think the American people want to see us go back in with our military go back into that area. Again we won, we left the area, I, don't think we want to go back in. Let's see what happens, we are going to possibly do something very, very tough, with respect to sanctions and other financial things, I think we can win. It's been a long time since a Republican won. We have a 20,000 seat auditorium. You know we have the essentially Madison Square Garden and it's sold out over 80,000 people requested tickets, it'll be totally sold out, I, don't know who's going, but it'll be totally sold out. If you're not going to be there I'm going to miss you, but they have a line. Now. That's many blocks long. It's amazing! We have. We have a line right now in in Minnesota. That's many blocks. Long. I! Think I can win, Minnesota I, think Omar is helping us win in Minnesota and other place. I'll see you all I'll see you in Minnesota I'll see you in Minnesota.