I had a chance to review and detail the notes of the call between the president knighted States and the president of Ukraine, as well as the legal opinion drafted by the Department of Justice, in an effort to prevent the whistleblower complaint from coming to our committee and I have to say that I'm shocked by both the notes of the call reflect a conversation, far more damning than I or many others had imagined. It is shocking at another level that the White House would release this these notes and felt that somehow this would help the president's case or cause, because what those notes reflect is a classic mafia. Like shakedown of a foreign leader, they reflect a Ukrainian president, who was desperate for US support for military support to help that country in a hot war with Putin's Russia, a country that is still occupied by irregular Russian forces and in which people face a very dangerous and continuing and destabilizing action by their aggressive, neighbor. Knight States has provided I'll, be it not enough military support to Ukraine, but the most recent support to Ukraine was held up by this president. Hundreds of millions of dollars for reasons that the president would not and the secretaries were not able to communicate even to leaders of their own party like Mitch McConnell, who said yesterday that he couldn't find out why this aid was being withheld. Well, I think we know why the aid was being withheld. Notwithstanding the presence now conflicting explanations. Well, it was because we wanted them to investigate corruption. No, it was because we wanted Europe to give them more money, even though Europe has given them even more than we have I think. We know why the president was withholding that assistance, but regardless Ukraine understood exactly what was being asked of ukrane understood exactly what they needed from the United States, and that a president of the United States would interfere with our national security would interfere with the national security of our ally and do so for the illicit purpose of trying to advance his election campaign. Having already sought foreign help in his first presidential campaign would now abuse the power of his office, yet again, this time to seek the help of another nation in his presidential campaign is the most fundamental betrayal of his oath of office.