Since the Turkish military across the border into Syria, President Trump has been regularly briefed and monitoring developments and has expressed his great concern about the loss of civilian lives and the impact and the destabilizing impact. The Turkish military invasion in Syria is having in the region. Today. Here at the White House, the president convened a principals committee. Meeting recommendations were made and to the president in just a few moments, all recognized the Treasury Secretary who will detail. Punishing sanctions that have been placed on Turkey president also today was very active, engaging with leaders in the region. First, a telephone call with Kurdish general Moslem, where he received a report about the circumstances on the ground. Syrian defense forces have been a strong ally of the United States of America. The president was very, very interested in hearing from from Jevon general Muslim about the status of forces on the ground. A general Muslim reported to him that, at this point, Turkish forces had not gone beyond the 30 mile buffer zone, but general Muslim expressed particular concern about the city of kobani and asked the President to raise that issue directly with president air dhawan and the Turkish government as a as a great concern of Kurdish forces for the president. After that call spoke to president air21 president era Diwan reached out and requested the call and president Trump communicated to him very clearly that the United States of America wants Turkey to stop the invasion, to implement an immediate ceasefire and to begin to negotiate with Kurdish forces in Syria to bring an end to the violence. President Trump reiterated his offer to mediate and arbitrate a negotiation between Syrian defense forces and the Turkish military, and the president has directed me and Robert O'brien to lead a delegation to Turkey in the immediate future, but to begin discussions and negotiations to bring the bloodshed to an end. The President did receive a commitment from president air Dewan to not attack the city of kobani. As I said, general Moslem had raised the issue of kobani as a paramount importance to the Kurdish population. President Trump was very direct with president air21 on that point and received a firm commitment from President air21 that there would be no attack against the city of kobani. Today the president also met with Senator Lindsey Graham, who was present when the President signed an executive order, implementing a new range of sanctions against Turkey, but again to be very clear. The president of the United States called on the president, turkey, to stop the invasion, to enact an immediate ceasefire and to begin to negotiations with Kurdish forces in Syria, and the president has directed me to lead a delegation to Turkey, but to begin those discussions about how we can bring. We can bring this violence to an end. With that, let me recognize the Treasury secretary will describe the new sanctions that have been implemented today, Thank You mr. vice president. So, as you know, last week the front the president announced that there would be sanctions forthcoming if Turkey moved forward. With these actions. Last Friday I briefed you on the specifics of the authorities today, the president signed those authorities and instructed me to put them into action so effective immediately. We have sanctioned three of the ministers, the Minister of Defense, the Minister of Interior and the Minister of Energy. We have also sanctioned the Department of Defense and the Department, the Ministry of Energy. These sanctions are both primary sanctions, as well as secondary sanctions for any financial institutions that are doing significant transactions. I'd like to specifically say that, with these with these sanctions, we will be simultaneously issuing two general licenses. The first general license will be very clear that the United, Nations and other NGOs that are conducting humanitarian responses will be able to continue. I'd, also like to be clear that we will be issuing a license for the US government and parties of the US government to continue operations with Turkey as well as we will be issuing a license so that Turkey can continue to buy fuel. We are not looking to shut down the energy for the people of Turkey. License number two will authorize a 30 day, wind down period for all the general operations to allow for ordinary business. The president has been very clear. These sanctions are very, very strong. He is prepared to remove these sanctions if there is the necessary actions on Turkey's appointment again, we will be issuing a press release detailing the specifics of this and the appropriate licenses with that I'm happy to take two or three questions on the technical issues associated with the sanctions. Mr. secretary question, for you on what is going to be the redline that will lift these sanctions. Essentially, you just said that the president is willing to do so. What are the conditions that president air Dewan has to me? Is it a ceasefire, as the vice president said? Mr. vice president, a question for you: why is the president confident that these sanctions are not too little too late to stop what's happening on the border? Well, water, I'll, answer the! Why not too little too late and I'll ask I'll let the vice president answer the issue. We can take the removal, as we've warned all along our desire is not to shut down the Turkish economy. Our desire is to see a appropriate response. These sanctions will be very severe on the Turkish economy. We can continue to ramp up these sanctions, so we're very clear in warning the government of the sanctions we were deliberate, last Friday and not putting them in place. The president has been monitoring the situation and the concerns, and with that I'll turn it over the vice president, president, from made it very clear that the United States is going to continue to take actions against Turkey's economy until they bring the violence to an end. What an immediate ceasefire- and we want to begin negotiations between Turkey and Syria Defense Forces, president Trump again offered at the United States of America mediate those discussions, but from from very early on the president's been very clear, we have great concerns about civilian populations. We have great concerns about religious minorities, Christians and other religious minorities within the area where the where the Turkish invasion is currently underway. And, of course, we have concern about Isis fighters who are being held by Kurdish forces today. Now general Muslim did give the president an assurance that the Kurdish forces would continue to to support the prisons that detain Isis fighters, but the president's also made it clear to Turkey that we expect them to take efforts to continue to restrain and ensure the ongoing detention of any any Isis fighters captured over the two years of fighting. But the president's objective here is very clear that the sanctions that were announced today will continue and will worsen unless and until turkey embraces an immediate ceasefire, stops the violence and agrees to negotiate a long-term settlement of the issues along the border between Kirkenes. Here. What did the president authorized in his conversation initially with President Erdogan a week ago on Sunday? Did he authorized any military action by the Turks short of what we've seen so far, and then? Secondly, sir, you say that the president asked for a ceasefire. What did her Dewan say in response to that? Did he commit to anything? Well, the United States of America did not give a green light. The turkey to invade Syria president has been very clear on that point and reiterated that to present their to wanted a that president air Dhawan I think notice. President Trump's mind on this matter very clearly. Today, President Trump pressed him very strongly in the telephone call today to immediately embrace a cease fire. As I said he's directed me to lead, a delegation will be leaving as quickly as possible to travel into the region to pursue a ceasefire and a negotiated settlement, but the president, the president, looked, he said from the time he was a candidate and forward that he wanted to bring an end to endless wars and opportunities for us to bring troops home. To have American forces come out of harm's way has always been a priority for this president, but that didn't mean that this president, in any way in any way, encourages violence anywhere in the world, let alone along the border between Turkey and Syria. The President reiterated that point to President Merida want today and we're going to continue to stand very strongly. The sanctions that have been imposed today are a beginning. President Trump made it very clear that we will continue to use the strength of this economy and and will continue to engage our allies. President spoke to president McCrone of France. Today we're going to be engaging allies around the world and, as president Trump did today, we're going to continue to call on President air to want to end the violence come to the table and embrace it ago she has the visit with erawan been canceled, and can you tell us specifically what is the United States going to do about all of the Isis fighters that have escaped from the jails? As our reporters on the ground have indicated? Well, there's been no decision made about a scheduled meeting. That's month. That's still on the table. Is it still a possibility? Well, let me say the president could not have been more firm with president erawan today, the United States of America simply not going to tolerate Turkey's invasion of Syria that any further we're calling on Syria to stand down the end to violence and come to the negotiating table, and that's the reason, the president's sending me to the region to make his agenda very clear and we're going to be looking we're going to be looking for Turkey to take strong action in that regard. The president also made it clear when he talked to the general Muslim of the Kurdish forces when he talked to President air21, that we anticipate and expect that Kurdish forces and Turkish forces will safeguard and ensure the ongoing detention of Isis forces. Some of them have already escaped general Moslem, told me told the president today. In his words, we keep Isis under control. He made that commitment to the president and and president air Dhawan also knows where President Trump stands, but make no mistake about it. President is very concerned about instability in the region's very concerned about the loss of innocent civilian lives is very concerned about religious minorities and that's why today, at the president's direction, the United States has imposed punishing sanctions on Turkey and made it very clear that that will only be the beginning unless turkey is willing to embrace his ceasefire, come to the negotiating table and the.