And the conversation was perfect, it couldn't have been nicer. I saw Rick, Scott I saw many of the Senators talking about it. Many of the congressmen talking about it, not a thing wrong. Unless you heard the Adam Schiff version where he made up my conversation, he actually made it up. It should be criminal, it should be treasonous. He made it up every word of it made up and read to Congress. As though I said it and I'll tell you what he should be forced to resign from Congress Adam Schiff he's a low-life. He should be forced to resign. He took a perfect conversation realized. He couldn't read it to Congress, because it was perfect. It was a very nice conversation. I knew many people were on the phone. Not only were many people on the phone we had stenographers on the phone, taking it down word-for-word. He took that conversation which was perfect. He said, I can't read this, so he made up a conversation and he reported it and and said it to Congress and to the American people, and it was horrible what he said, and that was supposed to be coming from me, but it was all fabricated. He should resign from office in disgrace and, frankly, they should look at him for treason because he is making up the words of the President of the United States, not only words but the meaning, and it's a disgrace. It should not be allowed to happen. The whistleblower wrote not that conversation. He wrote a vicious conversation. In other words, he either got it totally wrong made it up or the person giving the information to the whistleblower was dishonest and this country has to find out who that person was because that person is a spy. In my opinion, you ready so when a whistleblower purposely or not give something. That's totally erroneous. Now here's where I fooled him. They never thought I'd release the conversation. They never thought in a million years that I'd release the conversation when little Adam shift saw the the text when he read it. He couldn't believe it when Nancy Pelosi, who worked today early Nancy Pelosi called for essentially impeachment, let's impeach the president before she saw the transcript- and this is an exact word word transcript of the conversation right taken by very talented stenographers. Listen to me so when she saw that she was she I heard she went crazy. She said we can't impeach him of this conversation. That's a great conversation. She went by the whistleblower and the whistleblower was so bad. I would even think about it, but he- and let me tell you something: Biden's son is corrupt and Biden is corrupt and I'd rather run against Biden than almost any of those candidates and I think they're all weak, but I think Biden has never been a smart guy and he's less smart now than he ever was. Thank you very much. Thank you.