The Washington Syrian TV showed what it said were: Turkish military strikes hours after the u.s. abandoned its closest ally in the fight against Isis withdrawing troops from northern Syria, leading local Kurdish fighters on their own against the Turkish military operation. I'm, not siding with anybody. We've been in Syria for many years. You know, Syria was supposed to be a short term, hit just a very short term hit, and we were supposed to be in and out. That was many. Many years ago there are fears of a slaughter. Turkey considers the Kurdish fighters to be terrorists. Kurdish forces feel they've been stabbed in the back by the US after years, working with the Americans fighting the so-called Islamic state. Today the Kurds are holding thousands of Isis fighters, many of them foreign in their custody. It's terrible and it's it's gonna have a ripple effect throughout our entire global structure of alliances. This summer Trump said he convinced Turkish president air tawan to stay out of Syria. They were lined up to go out and wipe out the people that we just defeated. The Isis Caliphate with and I said you can't do that. You can't do it late Sunday. After a phone call between Trump and air Dewan, things changed and Trump gave in to Turkey's demands. We were a buffer and we were preventing the worst from happening. Sometimes International Affairs, avoiding a catastrophe, is a success and that's where we were at this moment in Syria, and now it's likely heading in the wrong direction. Members of trumps own party blasted the president for abandoning a key ally, the Kurds. Nobody else would to fight Isis. If we abandoned them. Good luck. Getting anybody to help America in the future. Will radical Islam sensing, the blowback Trump seemed to walk back his own policy pronouncement tweeting. If Turkey does anything that I in my great and unmatched wisdom consider to be off-limits, I will totally destroy and obliterate the economy of Turkey. They could suffer the wrath of a extremely decimated economy, but it's hard to tell if that threat carries any weight after Trump seemingly gave Turkey permission to take what it wants and after turkey seems to have moved so quickly. In response, Jackson Proust go Global, News, Washington,.