Yeah come on come on over here, Billy auction off the Stanley copy and he didn't know I was gonna. You won't believe this and I I've never been to auction school either. All right gonna buy the Stanley Cup here. If I have 25, we get $30,000 rabbit a 30 35 40 able to buy 45 45 50 ha, but if another, now, if I were to buy a 60 now, if I think of I'll get that satisfied, look off your face, you're out 65 70 have sold at $65,000 hey. Will you sign this laughing uh $15, we'll give me a pen he signed my st. Jude tie at the State of the Union. We gave the money we auction it off for fifteen thousand dollars to st. Jude. He's gonna sign this one here. This will be in next year's auction. What do you mean? It was implied that plan. They stopped me at the gate they said stand over here. They didn't know. I was coming Thank, You, Billy Billy, pretty pretty good job, though didn't it is that pretty good I think it's pretty good and Blaine whiz Blaine Blaine Luetkemeyer friend of mine, good. Thank you playing great job. That's a great job, Jason Smith Jason! Thank you. Jason, a great hockey player I must tell you I'm, not sure we're in that category, though Pete right. What do you think I know you were really good. Do you know that he was a great player in his own right? Okay, pete sauber yeah. He was a good one and Anne Wagner. She wasn't a great player but she's a great person thanks, Anne Missouri, governor Mike, parson, Mike, great job, an attorney General Eric, Schmidt Eric and many other leaders, great leaders and another leader and I introduced him a little bit before, but the NHL commissioner Gary Bettman I've known him so long I refuse to say how long it's a lot of years right a lot of years, a lot of success - way to go Gary way to go. It's an honor to have you. So what we were alluding to before is in 2019 when the year started. You were true underdogs midway through the season. The Blues were ranked last in the NHL. I can't believe that fellas, but don't worry, it gets better. You only had 15 wins. You had eighteen losses and four ties on January 6th, fresh off another, really bad loss, a hard one. It was close, but it was bad. A few of the Blues players. It's still a loss right. The losses are no good, no matter what bye, what does it matter if you lose some close Tom or it's a losses, a loss, right, yeah, I, think so at least you have a little hope when they're close right, but they gathered at a bar in Philadelphia where they heard the 1982 hit Gloria. That's where you were that's why we were playing that song for those of you that don't know what's happened here. Gloria the next day you shut out the Flyers who were hot and Laurie, became your new wind song. It was a wind song, that's why we played it. So now everybody gets it. Otherwise, the fake news would be criticizing me. They say what kind of a song you're playing this song. What? What is that look at that guy look at that mouth and that guy come here. Man do you think he's taking a few hits? Do you think he's stopped? You think I could take him in a fight. I, don't know Wow. How do I look no hockey yeah, that's great! Over the next few weeks the Blues notched 11 straight wins the longest winning streak in team history and soon earned a place in the playoffs. In the first round you took on the Winnipeg Jets moments away from overtime in game. Five, the Blues left wing, Jaden Schwarz, scored the winning goal in the last 15 seconds of regulation, and everybody else just took a deep breath and said that was close was Jason, Jason Jacob and they say he's a great golfer, but well I wouldn't be able to score. If it wasn't for my partner passing me the puck, where are you Tyler golf partner, two undefeated? If you want to take us on some time, fantastic, Thank, You, Jade, the next game, st. Louis clinched, the series after Jaden, scored all through junior, pretty good, all three of the Blues goals and Jaden. Your persistence made you the blues leader in the play of goal, scoring that's a great job. After winning two more series, the Blues were off to the legendary Stanley Cup Finals, which everybody watches everybody loves. Very special was a matchup for the ages, with the series tied at 3-3. The Blues, headed to Boston for the final showdown against a great team watching from the bleachers was your biggest fan 11 year old, Laila Anderson, who was here with us today, where's Laila, Laila stand up come on up here, Laila come on okay, good job, so you all know. Leila Leila is a bigger celebrity than our two senators. They just hope that she's not gonna be running against them someday, but it's a really an extraordinary story of a very heroic young woman throughout the season. Laila was bravely battling an extremely rare life-threatening immune disease called h, LH blues players visitor to the hospital constantly and they hosted a bone marrow registry drive to help her get life-saving treatment. Leila's mother Heather said who's here. These boys are what keeps her going: they're just incredible: incredible young men. Thank you very much for being here very very nice Leila received a bone marrow transplant in January and was strong enough to cheer the team on to victory in the final game. Leila your exceptional courage and, frankly, the fact that you brought the team. Some luck, which is important right. We all need a little of that, but we just want to thank you. You inspired the Blues all season and today you continued to inspire all Americans. We all know your story right now see all of those people back. There see they look so friendly, they're, not they're tougher than these guys, okay, but I'll bank. On these guys. So congratulations darling. You take care of yourself, okay, so the Stanley Cup final was an extraordinary finish to a miraculous season. So you think of that and that's what we were referring to. They started off so bad, so bad that even the Commission was telling me. It wasn't looking too good for this team right, but they they set records when the puck dropped. The Blues did not strike right away. You only knew it took one shot on goal until the final minutes of the first period, then Stanley Cup MVP. What happened to Jaden with all the gauze you I, think Jaden should be the MVP, not Monika where's Ryan Ryan O'reily come here. That's pretty good, say a couple of words thanks Ryan, that's enough! Well, couldn't throw these guys behind me and we're a great team and it was a heck of run and you're, not Irish great cone, rack, Ryan, O'reilly I scored the first goal of the game. It became the first player since Wayne Gretzky great guy, really fantastic guy in 1985 to score four consecutive Cup final games. He scored in all of them Ryan. Congratulations on winning the Conn Smythe Trophy, as the first period came to a close team. Captain Alex Petra Angelo. Where is he come on? You? Don't even get that for sport, no! No! No! No! This is a bigger deal than the sports. This is pretty cool. Yeah, pretty good group of guys back here, big golfers, big golfers I know you like that. Well, thanks for having us, we appreciate job. Thank you. Alex Alex rushed forward and found that the back of the net was his taking a two. Nothing lead but Boston didn't let up tough team. I know the owner, - how's. He doing okay, good man right, not so happy, unfortunately, but he's - my friend, but he wasn't so happy. The Bruins took 33 shots on net during the game and the Blues rookie goaltender. That's pretty good Jordan Binnington, Wiz Jordan good I got a fight coming. He stopped 32 of 33. So why didn't you stop the other one Jordan? You could have made the game a lot easy come on yeah. First off you know. That's my bad I guess could add a shutout there, but you know we went all that way. So we had to finish the job and you did. It was a great game and yeah we're after we're here thanks. So have you always had good reflexes, I guess so yeah? If you didn't it wouldn't be here, I, don't think it'd be here right, that's great job Jordan! Thank you very much! 32 of 33 I! Guess, that's good, commissioner! That's pretty good right, I! Think so. Jordan your outstanding 97 percent say percentage he'll Boston to a single goal. That's pretty good! Huh! After 52 years, the Blues finally and triumphantly raised the Stanley Cup, that's amazing, 52 years, and you did it in seven Camaro and the st. Louis Blues amazing comeback reminds us to never give up, never lose faith. Never ever quit just keep forging ahead. You never know just keep forging ahead, but this team is really exemplary, starting a season so badly where they were in last place and people had written them off and I. Think your fans are so loyal. Frankly, they don't stop coming Roy. Do they I, don't think so Josh they came anyway, but they probably sort of gave up. They started some of them, but it's incredible. Think of that. So they had a record streak and then all of a sudden they're in it and then they win and they keep winning when you work hard support each other believe in yourself and give everything you've got. Victory is always within reach to the st. Louis Blues. Congratulations again on your unforgettable season. That was really a tremendous final incredible and the thrilling Stanley Cup win, and it's now my honor to invite up the chairman man that we've been talking about seven we're going to call him 7-year, Tom, that's actually a very quick period of time, but he's a great gentleman and he'll say a few words about the team. Thank you, Tom Stillman, thank you, Thank You, mr. president, and thanks so much for welcoming welcoming us to the White House today. It is really an honor to be here and to be here with you. It's also an honor to be here with the group of guys. That's behind me here. They showed tremendous, not only skilled and ability in their sport, but great character and persistence. I think they serve as a model for not only our sport but other sports. But how do how to live your life in, as you said, never giving up? So it's a proud moment to be here with all of them. I did work in government for a while I was over there at they at the Commerce Department in export controls for a while, so I'm sticking with hockey. Thank you just from on behalf of the team in the Blues organization. We just want to thank them. Mr. president, for having us here today, it's a great honor to come here. You know we won the Stanley Cup I, think once we got our team working together and playing together when you, when you play as a team day in and day out, it's hard to get you hard, you're gonna be hard to beat. So that's what a basically boiled down to these guys all came together as a team and played for each other, and we ended up being champions. But thank you again for having us on behalf of the organization. That's all right up and down a little bit, yeah I, better, that a little bit better we've been on a quite a road trip here. A lot of stuff going on up in Canada, we went to the Hockey Hall of Fame and we presented a Stanley Cup ring to the Hockey Hall of Fame, so these guys are going through a lot right now with a lot of travel and everything and come you know coming here: it's great honor, it's uh! You know we love it all, but it's it's just a lot on everybody right now, but we're getting home here today and but now that pressures off because you've done it. So there's a lot less pressure. Well, I! Don't know about that! Thank you. I just want to say great job. It's an honor to have all these folks here and Gary. Congratulations! Fantastic sport! Please! Mr. president, I'm beat on behalf of the st. Louis Blues organization and all of our fans back in st. Louis, the other members of our ownership group. Here today, our whole team, including the on on ice team and the rest of the Blues organization, we'd like to present you this Jersey. This is our Stanley Cup championship, Jersey I think it'll be just right on the golf course sure. Let's see we have Don Luck's Jim Cavanaugh Steve merits Scott mikeg, Tom's Lafley Jim Cooper and am I missing anybody and John Ross well. Thank you all very much appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you see you soon.