I appear today to provide facts and answer questions based on my experience as the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Russia, Ukraine and Eurasia. I would first like to describe my background as well as my role and vantage point relevant to your inquiry. I bring to my daily work into this, proceeding my sense of duty to u.s. national security, not to any political party. I proudly served to democratic and to Republican presidents. I entered government service through the presidential management internship competition, joining the State Department in 1999 to work on counterterrorism in Europe and the former Soviet Union, inspired by working with the US military on a Department of Defense, rotational assignment I decided to accept a civil service position in the policy organization of the office of the Secretary of Defense in January 2001, where I have remained for the past 18 years. My strong sense of pride in serving my country and dedication to my Pentagon colleagues were cemented in the moments after I felt the Pentagon shake beneath me on September 11th 2001. My office was scheduled to move into the section of the Pentagon that was destroyed in the attack, but a construction delay meant that we were still at our old desks in the adjacent section on that devastating day after we had wiped the black dust from our desks and tried to get back to work. I found meaning by volunteering, to work on Afghanistan policy and would give my next four years to this mission. I later had the opportunity to move into the leadership ranks of my organization and have had the privilege to manage issues ranging from defense, strategic planning to homeland defense and mission assurance. I accepted the position of principle director for Russia Ukraine and Eurasia in 2016, and was honored to be appointed formally to the position of Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense in 2018. In my current role, I work to advance u.s. national security with a focus on deterring Russian aggression and building strong part ships with the frontline states of Ukraine and Georgia, as well as ten other allies and partners from the Balkans to the Caucasus. Strengthening Ukraine's capacity to defend itself against Russian aggression is central to my team's mission. The United States and our allies provide Ukraine with us with security assistance because it is in our national security interest to deter Russian aggression around the world. We also provide security assistance so that Ukraine can negotiate a peace with Russia from a position of strength. The human toll continues to climb in this ongoing war with 14,000 Ukrainian lives lost since Russia's 2014 invasion. These sacrifices are continually in my mind as I lead DoD efforts to provide vital training and equipment, including defensive lethal assistance to the Ukrainian armed forces. I have also supported a robust Ukrainian Ministry of Defense program of defence reform to ensure the long-term sustainability of us investments and the transformation of the Ukrainian military from a Soviet model to a NATO interoperable force. The National Defense Authorization Act requires the Department of Defense to certify defense, reform, progress to release half of the Ukraine security assistance initiative or USA I funds. A provision. We find very helpful based on recommendations from me and other key DoD advisors, the Department of Defense, in coordination with the Department of State certified in may 20 19. That Ukraine had quote taken substantial actions to make defence institutional reforms for the purposes of decreasing corruption, increasing accountability and sustaining improvements of combat capability, unquote meriting obligation of the entire 250 million in u.s. AI funds. This brings me to the topic of today's proceedings. I would like to recap my recollection of the timeline in which these events played out. I testified about all of this at length. In my deposition in July, I became aware of a hold being placed on obligation of the State Department's foreign, military financing or FMF and DoD's USA I funds in a series of interagency meetings. I heard that the President had directed the Office of Management and Budget to hold the funds because of his concerns about corruption in Ukraine. Let me say at the outset that I have never discussed this or any other matter with the President and never heard directly from him about this matter. At a senior level meeting I attended on July 26 chaired by national security council leadership, as at all other interagency meetings on this topic, of which I was aware. The national security community expressed unanimous support for resuming the funding. As in the u.s. national security interest at the July 26th meeting, there was also a discussion of how Ukrainian anti-corruption efforts were making progress. Dod reiterated what we had said in our earlier certification to Congress, stating that sufficient progress in defense reform, including anti-corruption, had occurred to justify the u.s. AI spending I and others at the interagency meetings felt that the matter was particularly urgent because it takes time to obligate that amount of money, and my understanding was that the money was legally required to be obligated by September 30th the end of the fiscal year in the ensuing weeks until the hold was released on September 11th I pursued three tracks. First, starting on July 31st and an interagency meeting I made clear to the interagency leadership. My understanding that once DoD reaches the point at which it does not have sufficient time to obligate all the funding by the end of the fiscal year, the United States and our allies provide Ukraine with us with security assistance, because it is in our national security interest to deter Russian aggression around the world. We also provide security assistance so that Ukraine can negotiate a peace with Russia from a position of strength. The human toll continues to climb in this ongoing war with 14,000 Ukrainian lives lost since Russia's 2014 invasion. These sacrifices are continually in my mind as I lead DoD efforts to provide vital training and equipment, including defensive lethal assistance to the Ukrainian Armed Forces I have also supported a robust Ukrainian Ministry of Defense program of defence reform to ensure the long-term sustainability of us investments and the transformation of the Ukrainian military from a Soviet model to a NATO interoperable force. The National Defense Authorization Act requires the Department of Defense to certify defense, reform, progress to release half of the Ukraine security assistance initiative or USA I funds. A provision. We find very helpful based on recommendations from me and other key DoD advisors, the Department of Defense, in coordination with the Department of State certified in may 20 19. That Ukraine had quote taken substantial actions to make defence institutional reforms for the purposes of decreasing corruption, increasing accountability and sustaining improvements of combat capability, unquote meriting obligation of the entire 250 million in u.s. AI funds. This brings me to the topic of today's proceedings. I would like to recap my recollection of the timeline in which these events played out. I testified about all of this at length. In my deposition in July, I became aware of a hold being placed on obligation of the State Department's foreign, military financing or FMF and DoD's USA I funds in a series of interagency meetings. I heard that the President had directed the Office of Management and Budget to hold the funds because of his concerns about corruption in Ukraine. Let me say at the outset that I have never discussed this or any other matter with the President and never heard directly for him about this matter. At a senior level meeting I attended on July 26, chaired by National Security Council leadership, as at all other interagency meetings on this topic, of which I was aware. The national security community expressed unanimous support for resuming the funding. As in the u.s. national security interest at the July 26th meeting, there was also a discussion of how Ukrainian anti-corruption efforts were making progress. Dod reiterated what we had said in our earlier certification to Congress, stating that sufficient progress in defence reform, including anti-corruption, had occurred to justify the u.s. AI spending I and others at the interagency meetings felt that the matter was particularly urgent because it takes time to obligate that amount of money, and my understanding was that the money was legally required to be obligated by September 30th the end of the fiscal year in the ensuing weeks until the hold was released on September 11th I pursued three tracks. First, starting on July 31st and an interagency meeting I made clear to the interagency leadership. My understanding that once DoD reaches the point at which it does not have sufficient time to obligate all the funding by the end of the fiscal year, there were only two ways to discontinue obligation of us AI, a president directed rescission or a DoD directed reprogramming action, either of which would need to be notified to Congress I, never heard that either was being pursued. Second I was in communication with the DoD security assistance implementing community to try to understand exactly when they would reach the point at which they would be unable to obligate all the funds. By the end of the fiscal year, I received a series of updates and in a September 5th update, I and other senior Defense Department leaders were informed that over a hundred million could not be obligated by September 30th and third I was advocating for a meeting of the cabinet level principals with the president to explain why the assistance should go forward. Although I heard of attempts to discuss the issue with the president, I never received details about any conversations other than a status update that the hold had not been lifted after the decision to release the funds on September 11th of this year. My colleagues across the DoD security assistance Enterprise worked tirelessly to be able to ultimately obligate about 86% of the funding by the end of the fiscal year more than they had originally estimated. They would be able to due to a provision in September's continuing resolution appropriating an amount equal to the unobligated funds from fiscal year 2019. We ultimately will be able to obligate all of the u.s. AI funds, given how critical these funds are for bolstering Ukraine's security and deterring Russia I appreciate this congressional action. That concludes my opening statement, but before answering your questions, there is one other matter. I would like to address. I testified in a deposition before this committee and other committees on October 23rd 2019. At that time, I was asked questions about what I knew about when the Ukrainian government may have learned about any hold on security assistance funds. I answered those questions based on my knowledge at that time. Since my deposition, I have again reviewed my calendar and the only meeting where I recall a Ukrainian official raising the issue with me is on September 5th at the Ukrainian Independence Day celebration. I have, however, since learned some additional information about this subject from my staff. Prior to my deposition, testimony I avoided discussing my testimony with members of my staff or anyone other than my attorney to ensure that my deposition testimony was based only on my personal knowledge. My deposition testimony was publicly released on November 11th 2019 members of my staff, read the testimony and have come to me since then, and provided additional information, specifically on the issue of Ukraine's knowledge of the hold or of Ukraine asking questions about possible issues with the flow of assistance. My staff showed me two unclassified emails that they received from the State Department one was received on July 25th at 2:31 p.m. that email said that the Ukrainian embassy and House Foreign Affairs Committee are asking about security assistance. The second email was received on July 25th at 4:25 p.m. that email said that the hill knows about the FMF situation, to an extent, and so does the Ukrainian embassy I did not receive either of these emails. My staff does not recall informing me about them and I do not recall being made aware of their content at the time. I do not have any additional information about precisely what the Ukrainians may have said. What may have been their source of information about a hold or any possible issues with the flow of assistance or what the State Department officials may have told them. My staff also advised me in the last few days of the following additional fact that may be relevant to this inquiry again. My staff does not recall informing me about them and I do not recall being made aware of this on July 3rd at 4:23 p.m. they received an email from the State Department, stating that they had heard that the CN is currently being blocked by OMB. This apparently refers to the congressional notifications. State would send for Ukraine FMF I have no further information on this. On July 25th, a member of my staff, got a question from a Ukraine embassy contact asking what was going on with Ukraine security assistance, because at that time we did not know what the guidance was on. Usa I, the OMB notice of apportionment arrived that day, but this staff member did not find out about it until later, I was informed that the staff member told the Ukrainian official that we were moving forward on USA I, but recommended that the Ukraine embassy check in with state regarding the FMF sometime during the week of August 6 to 10a Ukraine embassy officer, told a member of my staff that a Ukrainian official might raise concerns about security assistance in an upcoming meeting. My understanding is that the issue was not in fact raised again. I have no further information about what concerns about the security assistance Ukraine may have had at that time. My staff also recall thinking that Ukrainians were aware of the hold on security assistance during August, but they cannot pinpoint any specific conversations where it came up. My staff told me they are aware of additional meetings where they saw officials from the Ukrainian Embassy in August, and they believed that the question of the hold came up at some point, but they told me they did not find any corresponding email or other records of those meetings. Consequently, neither they nor I know precisely when or what additional discussions may have occurred with the Ukrainians in the month of August. If I had more details on these matters, I would offer them to the committee, but this is the extent of additional information I have received since my deposition, mr. Chairman I welcome your questions. I will answer them to the best of my ability. Thank you.