Well, thank you very much and good afternoon. The first lady and I. Please are delighted to welcome you all to the White House for this very special occasion, and that it is today is my great privilege to present our nation's highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom, to a courageous warrior and a fearless patriot, General Jack Keane. We are very excited to have Jack's wife Angela with us today, along with his brother Ronald and his son Daniel. Thank you all very much. It's great and thank you. We're also joined by a very distinguished assembly of leaders, including secretary Mike, Pompeo Mike. Thank you very much, secretary Marquez for Attorney General William bar secretary Dan, briolette Senator Lindsey, Graham Lindsay, chairman of the joint chiefs of staff general mark Milley, great job mark in general, Keith, Alexander. Okay, thank you very much. Thank you. All Jack Keane was born in 1943 into a family with a strong tradition of military service. His father served during World War two as a marine in the Pacific Theatre Jack grew up in a housing project on the Lower East Side of Manhattan and became the first member of his family to attend college at Fordham University. He joined the ROTC distinguishing himself as a cadet and a member of the famed Pershing rifles upon graduating Jack was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the US Army he volunteered to serve in Vietnam and joined the legendary 101st Airborne Division. As a platoon leader and later company commander, Jack fought through fierce and bloody combat. He demonstrated unflinching courage under fire and for his exceptional valor Jack was awarded the Silver Star after Vietnam Jack and his late wife Terri adopted two wonderful sons. They raised Daniel and their late son Matthew, with extraordinary love and care in the army. Jack designed new training methods to ensure that military leaders would always be extremely well prepared for the intensity of combat command. His rigor discipline creativity, toughness. They all achieved tremendous results. General William de PUE, who helped rebuild the American military after via wrote that Jack was the best brigade commander that he's ever had. He was very exceptional at all levels. In 1991, Jack became a brigadier general and commander of the joint Readiness Training Center. He devised a state-of-the-art program that prepared our nation's servicemembers for combat against extended insurgencies in both urban environment and rugged terrain. Jack prepared this nation for the wars to come and help train soldiers that would later serve in Bosnia, Somalia, Haiti and Kosovo Jack was named a vice chief of staff of the army in 1999. I was in his office on September 11th 2001. When terrorists struck the Pentagon, he ran through smoke and debris and evacuated the injured saving lives. He visited the wounded and hospitals and attended scores of funerals for the Fallen Patriots slain in the attack. Jack soon helped oversee the initial military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan and was the first senior military official to visit troops in the field in 2003. He was offered the position of army chief of staff, but in a profound act of devotion, he turned down the position and left the army after nearly 38 years to care for his wife. Terry, who had developed Parkinson's disease in 2006 Jack helped engineered the search that stabilized the deteriorating situation in Iraq and allowed Iraqis to finally take charge of their own future and the years since jack has continued to offer his sage counsel, to military and policy leaders and to visit our troops on the frontiers and Jack I have to say has given me a lot of good advice, too. He's been called a national treasure by Henry Kissinger and is a recipient of the Bradley prize and the Ronald Reagan peace through strength award. Jack keen is a visionary, a brilliant strategist and anna-marie in here, Oh general. You will be remembered as one of the finest and most dedicated soldiers in a long and storied history of the United States military, no question about it. Congratulations again to you and your family I would now like to ask the military aide to come forward and present General Jack keen with the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Thank you, general Jack. Keane is one of our nation's most distinguished military leaders. General keen proudly served his country in Vietnam as a paratrooper, receiving the Silver Star for his courage and gallantry in action. His steadfast leadership as a four-star general, and as vice chief of staff of the army provided stability and direction for those under his command. Since retiring from the military, general Keane has remained engaged on matters of foreign policy, devoting himself to developing policies that confront the dynamic threats facing our nation. The United States proudly honors General Jack Keane, whose tireless devotion to our country has defined him as a true American patriot,.