So if I may intercede for just a second, we have just sanctioned the Iranian National Bank, that is their central banking system and it's going to be at the highest level of sanctions so that just took place in a couple of other things. We have our Secretary of Treasury here, Steve minuchin, if you want to say just a word Steve before we begin. Mr. president, as you instructed me, we are continuing the maximum pressure campaign. This is the last remaining source of funds, so both the Central Bank of Iran Israel well as the National Development Fund, which is their sovereign wealth fund, will be cut off from our banking system. So this will mean no more funds going to the rgc or the fund terror, and this is on top of our oil sanctions and our financial institutions. Sanctions. Thank you, mr. president, is very big. We've we've now cut off all source of funds to our n. That does right to the tub right to the tub. Okay, yes, right to the touch. Thank you very much. Thank you appreciate it. So we're dealing with many nations we're dealing with some of the neighbors to Saudi, Arabia and, of course, we're dealing with Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia is very much involved from the standpoint of what we're doing and what they're doing and we're working together with others we're also working on the cost of this whole endeavor and Saudi Arabia's been very generous. We want to see if it works out and if it works out, that's great and if it doesn't work out, that's great in the end, it always works out. That's the way it is. It always works out, so you'll be seeing certain things happening, but a very major factor is what we did. These are the highest sanctions ever imposed on a country. We've never done it to this level and it's too bad what's happening with Iran, it's going to hell, doing poorly they're practically broke, they are broke and they could fought. They could solve the problem very easily. All they have to do is stop with the terror. They have been the number one, as you know, Scot very well number one country worldwide of terra between sponsoring it and doing it themselves, and we can't have it. They have a tremendous potential. They have an incredible potential. I can think. I can speak on behalf of Australia too, and the sense that would like to see them do very well. We were discussing it before the prime minister myself. We want to see them to do well, but it looks to me like with what's happening. Maybe they want to keep going at it and when they go at it with us, there's no way they win no way they went in any way or in any capacity.