Now it's up to us to decide whether the United States is still a nation where no one is above the law or whether America is allowed to become a land run by those who act more like kings or queens, as if the law doesn't apply to them. You know it's no secret. The President Trump has a penchant for cozying up to notorious dictators. He's complimented Vladimir Putin congratulated Rodrigo Duterte lauded president rwan fell in love with Kim jong-un I can go on and on and on, and maybe the president is jealous that they can do whatever they want. These dictators are the antithesis of what America stands for and every day we let President Trump act like the law doesn't apply to him. We meet, we move a little closer to them. Unfortunately, this entire process was tarnished further by the speed with which my Democratic colleagues on the judiciary and intelligence committees have rushed to deliver their predetermined judgment to impeach the president for something anything whether there are stones left unturned or whether there is any proof at all. There's no way this can or should be viewed as legitimate, certainly not by Republicans, whose minority rights have been trampled on every step on the way, and certainly not by the American people. Observing this disastrous political show scene-by-scene. We have requested several documents and testimony for members of this administration, and what is the president is administration done? The response, nothing just I, think it's important for people understand this for the record: requests for documents from the State Department ignored requests for documents from the Department of Defense ignored requests for documents from the vice president ignored requests for documents from Giuliani associate level partners, ignored, requests from documents from Giuliani associated Igor fruit, crewmen, ignored requests from document from the White House ignored, requests from documents from rudy giuliani. The president's lawyer ignored requests from testimony of former national security advisor john bolton, ignored requests from the testimony of White House chief of staff, Mick Mulvaney ignored, and you know, here's a list of all the requests that been made. The red marks are basically to demonstrate non-compliance that if they have been ignored, I think this is what you call obstruction plain and simple and in fact the only people that have complied with their requests have been patriotic public servants, many of them defying instructions that they not complied when you're the tyranny of a clock in a calendar and nothing else, matters it's like what's going to happen here in the holidays, is you're getting close to that day and you're supposed to give that gift. Nothing else matters you just got to go, get in it's the last minute. If you don't have anything mr. I bet you've done this, you go out and you just buy the first thing you get, and this is what was happening. The clock was running out, so they found a phone call. They didn't like they didn't like this administration. They didn't like what the president did. They tried to make up claims of it. There was pressure and all these other things that they've so outlined in the report, but at the end of the day, it's simply last minute Christmas shopping. They ran and found something they said. We can do it, but no crimes, none in their articles, abuse of power in which any member can make up anything they want to in caller an abuse of power. We all know what they teach you in law school, which is, if the facts are against you, you pound the law. The laws are against you, you pound the facts. If the law and the facts are against you, you talk about process and you pound the table and I'm afraid I've seen a little bit of that in the performance of our colleagues here and I. Don't blame them because they're dealing with the hand that they were dealt, we have 17 fact witnesses and all of their depositions and all their testimony was published all part of the report, everybody everybody can find it and all of their testimony is essentially unrefuted and uncontradicted. It tells one story which is the President of the United States conducted a shakedown of a foreign power. In my view, we've established the Intelligence Committee process was substantially flawed and procedurally defective. That's my view. I underlined Judiciary Committee failed to create an evidentiary record sufficient to justify moving forward on on articles, but you basically relied on the Intelligence Committee and where the president was unrepresentative that violated rules of the house. In my view, and the entire circus has been politically motivated from the very beginning on the obstruction of Congress charge, it's uncommon for the executive. Is it uncommon for the NISS to both of you uncommon for the executive branch to push back against requests for information from Congress? Well, no, it is not uncommon for the executive branch to push back on the production of this or that document or the timing of a particular visit. What was absolutely breathtaking in its unprecedented and radical nature, was this president's determination to shut down all discovery? They did not produce a single document to us. Mr. Kaul, that was subpoenaed in this process and the president essentially ordered everyone in the executive branch not to cooperate with us. And yes excuse me, I, don't know, but I think that's a dramatic escalation in kind and in degree over anything. That's ever been seen before, and that includes Richard Nixon, who I think tried to tried to block seven or eight particular requests like the Watergate tapes, and that in itself became part of the case against him for abuse of power. But you know: President Trump makes Richard Nixon, look like a little leaguer when it comes to obstruction. Mr. Kile, the same thing, do you think it's unusual for an administration to push back against congressional subpoenas and no, it's called if it's pretty common, you believe it's a high crime or misdemeanor to assert privileges in response to congressional requests for subpoenas. Not it is and again I won't go back and just give a little bit of history since we've had history lessons here from it's, rather even our own committee this year, what's been really interesting is, is it's been a total? You know just walk toward impeachment the whole time, but what was interesting in our committee is, we would send subpoenas or we would you know again. We sent out letters and stuff and we never followed up home, but also one of the interesting things about our committee was. Is we never engaged for the most part where the agencies for documents, but what I thought was really interesting was mr. Schiff in the Intelligence Committee, while we were still struggling during Moeller and some other times mr. Schiff actually negotiated with the Department of Justice and got documents released at our committee. Couldn't the House Foreign Affairs Committee eliot engel, who is one of the quadrature Minh, but one of the more effective and my first women from across the aisle, had engaged all year with an administration on ways to get documents. It's a matter of how you go about it and to say that this is just unheard of it's just, not right! Well, please! You would concede that there are other episodes of corruption in the business career of Donald Trump and in the political career. Now that are not part of it all part of this process, and so I mean I, don't know if look there are patterns of conduct and behavior that have been noticed. One of them is extremely relevant to this investigation. That's what took place in 2016! That's when Donald Trump essentially invited in Russia the whole world heard him say it invited Russia to come into our election. He welcomed their interference. The special counsel of the Department of Justice found more than a hundred contacts between the Trump campaign and Russian nationals there and then, when it began to happen, the president moved to obstruct the investigation and that's in the Muller report, which we talked about today, all of those episodes of corruption. So there is a pattern of evidence and I, don't know. Look when when Bill Clinton got impeached for what he did, you could certainly find Republicans who had been calling for his impeachment for several years for other stuff. There were conspiracy theories about him going on for years that doesn't necessarily discredit what happened in the impeachment of Bill Clinton. You've got to take it on its own terms. That's why we're trying to get back to the facts of what took place here with the Ukraine shakedown I. Think you're, mistaking my intent. I was not citing comments that she'd made in the past, to put you as a never Trump er, whose sole purpose was to to reverse a a legitimate American election. That was not my intent. My intent was to mention you as someone who's a thoughtful legal mind who had other legal concerns going back for years and when folks say Rob, what do you mean this process is rushed we've done it ill over just under ninety days. Isn't that long enough? Well, no that's faster than any other process, that's faster than it. We've got a response from the Justice Department when we asked for our fast and fury documents, but but what it isn't is a complete process, I think by your own testimony here that there's more that we could have done that we didn't do President himself said when asked in public. What would he have the Ukrainians? Do he basically said the same thing just like his chief of staff admitted it? This stuff is happening in plain sight. Let's stop playing pretend. We've got a very heavy decision to make about what to do with the president, who enlists and recruits foreign governments to get involved in our elections. Is that what democracies can be like for the rest of the 21st century? Is that what it's gonna be like for our children and our grandchildren, and our great-grandchildren we've got to decide that you know dr. Fiona Hill in her testimony said: Russia can't beat us militarily Russia. You can't beat us economically, but they've got a strategy that involves the Internet in an intervention in elections around the world. She said she thinks of Russia. Is the world's largest super PAC right and are we going to be allowing the president United States to be working with Vladimir Putin's super PAC for the tyrants and the despot and the people who are trying to interfere with the growth in the spread of democracy around the world? I hope not ones I'm, just trying to find out what? If anything, you would consider impeach Abul, because we haven't seen that yet I mean you, you won't even concede what was precedent from the Nixon situation, and here we have a situation I'm asking if the facts were to show that the president withheld foreign aid to another country in order to get a personal political favor not for matters of national security. Would that be impeachable, and you don't seem able to answer that question I seem very capable and I'm. Just not gonna follow your path on what you wanted me to lead, because if this same line just got out, you and I both have to vote on words on paper and words on paper. Tomorrow. Is this case? It's not the hypothetical bit because I don't believe. You've made this case and that's why I'm pushing back on it and we'll continue very politely to push back on this I'm, just not going to go down this road because you've not made ucation. You can convince yourself with all due respect. Mr. Desmond, our house is not the finder of fact. The trial is for the Senate right here we're talking about whether there's enough evidence to make out the case and I believe it is agree. There's not.