You all very much we're gonna spend a lot of time with Australia today. Today's are are a very special day for the United States, because we're honoring a great ally and a great friend. Thank you. Thank you. Would you like to say something? It's tremendous honor for Australians for George and I to be here with the president of mrs. Trump. It's a very gracious invitation, but it's it's an invitation that recognizes not just you know the great relationship the president I have been able to afford so early, but this goes back a long way. This relationship is the president often says: we've been a lot of battles and those battles, of course, is what's happened in the fields of conflict, but we're battling continuously for a prosperous and a free world, and we've never lost and we've been great and we're going to keep doing great, because we had a kennel this, this partnership together and it's a partnership where we both carry our own weight. As I said outside, we look to America, but we we don't leave it to America what he was saying that we both would like to see prosperous around we'd like to see the people run. Well, assertive people right across the world to be able to benefit from prosperous economies doing well that's what we want. This is why Australian United States have always worked so closely together is because that's what we want for our own people, that's what we want for everyone and- and we've been speaking a lot about this subject there, two of us, where I think we have very similar views on the subject. It's a partisan, whistle blow shouldn't even have information. I've had conversations with many leaders that always appropriate I. Think Scott can tell you that always appropriate at the highest level, always appropriate and anything I do I fight for this country, I fight so strongly for this country. It's just another political hack job. It doesn't matter what I discuss, but I will say this. Somebody ought to look into Joe Biden's statement cuz. It was disgraceful where he talked about billions of dollars that he's not giving to a certain country unless a certain prosecutor's taken off the case. So somebody ought to look into that and you wouldn't because he's a Democrat and the fake news doesn't look into things like that. It's a disgrace, but I had a I had a great conversation with numerous people. I, don't even know exactly who you're talking about but I had a great conversation with numerous people. Numerous leaders and I always look for the conversation. That's going to help the United States, the most that's very important, I, don't know the identity of the whistleblower I just hear it say, partners in person, meaning it comes out from another party, but I don't have any idea, but I can say that it was a totally appropriate conversation. It was actually a beautiful conversation and this is no different than you know. The press is at a very bad week with justice, Cavanaugh and all of those ridiculous charges and all of the mistakes made at the New, York, Times and other places. You've had a very bad week, and this will be better than all of them. This is another one, so keep so keep so keep playing it up, because you're gonna look really bad when it falls. You know, I, guess I'm about I, guess I'm about 22 and oh and I'll. Keep it that way. I don't want to talk about any conversation other than to say other than to say great conversation totally appropriate conversation couldn't have been better and keep asking questions and build it up as big as possible. So you can have a bigger downfall. Well, we're talking about China. All the time and Scott has very strong opinions on China and I. Think I'd. Let him maybe express those opinions. Maybe you do it right now: you're, not gonna, get a better audience in this. We have a comprehensive strategic partnership with China. We work well with China, but as we've spoken many times, we need to ensure that as countries develop and realize their potential well, they they come on to a whole new level, and that means there can't be special rules around that and we have a great relationship with China. China's growth has been great for Australia, but we need to make sure that we all compete on the same playing field, and- and this is something that the United, States and Australia have been very consistent on- that we need to move into this. This new world, where economies of are changing. China is a big economy, not as big as the United States, but it's a big economy, and that means we've all got to get on the same page with how the rules work and that's what we're working to achieve. I will say this: we're making a lot of progress with China they're having a very bad year worst year in 57 years. The tariffs are coming in to us we're taking in billions and billions of dollars of tariffs, they're, devaluing their currency, which means the tariffs are not costing us- probably anything, but certainly not very much they're, also adding a lot of money into their economy, they're pouring money into their economy, but we'll take it in many billions of dollars at some point in the not-too-distant future, it'll be over a hundred billion dollars. We've never taken in a hundred cents from China was always the other way around. With that they've lost over three million jobs, their supply chain is crashing and they have a lot of problems and I can tell you they want to make a deal that I can tell you they want to make a deal so we'll see what happens always prepared. There's never been a country more prepared. There's never been a country more prepared. Look I spent I spent one-and-a-half trillion dollars that we're spending another seven hundred and thirty eight billion dollars now, but I've spent one and a half trillion dollars rebuilding our military. We have the finest ships to find us planes to find us everything and actually Scott and Australia. They purchased a lot of great stuff from the United States, some of the best military equipment that you have. We have the greatest missiles in the world rockets in the world, jet fighters in the world planes in the world ships, and we have under construction a number of the most powerful submarines ever built and they're, getting very close to completion. We have the largest ship in the world right now: the President Gerald Ford, the aircraft carets the largest ship ever built and just flew over it yesterday. Actually, it's massive and beautiful. We have the greatest and I have to say this. When I got here, Scott was a different world. It was a different world. We were very depleted and I actually saw one of the related networks today, saying how strongly and good and how well we've done with Isis I defeat the Caliphate when I came, the Caliphate was all over the place. I defeated the Caliphate Isis, and now we have thousands of prisoners of war, Isis fighters and our prisoners of war and we're asking the countries from which they came Scott from Europe we're asking them to take back these prisoners of war, and they can try them do what they want so far. They've refused and at some point, I'm gonna, have to say I'm, sorry, but you either take them back. Oh we're, gonna! Let him go with your border, but they came out from Germany. They came out from France, we captured them. We did everyone, a big favor we've taken over the caliphate. 100%, if you remember I, was thinking about getting out when it was at ninety six. Ninety seven percent, but they were all over the place and we did it. We did it in record time. It was a total Caliphate victory and now I want the countries to take back the captured Isis fighters and if they don't take them back, we're gonna probably put them at the border and then they'll have to capture them again, because the United States is not going to have thousands and thousands of people that we've captured stationed at Guantanamo Bay held captive at Guantanamo Bay for the next 50 years and are spending billions and billions of dollars. We've done Europe a tremendous favor. They mostly come out of Europe and we've done them a tremendous favor and the United States is not going to pay the cost of thousands and thousands of Isis fighter prisoners in Guantanamo, Bay or someplace else. We won't do it so they have to make their decision, otherwise we're releasing them at the border. Go ahead. Next, your national security team on everyone today, and what do you expect to hear? Oh yeah I have a great new person. You know Robert O'brien. A lot of people wanted Robert very badly. He was I look I had 1012 people that I thought were fantastic for the job. I think Robert end of Australia he's a great friend of Australia Scott was telling me he was very happy with the choice. Robert is going to be outstanding. He just picked a deputy who was in the administration. You all know, you know who the deputy is I just have to announce that separately, but he's fantastic and essentially he's already on the job. But you know he did a tremendous job as hostage negotiator. We are, we have a tremendous record. Nobody comes close to our record with hostages, but also with Secretary of Defense Secretary of State, who were discussing with everybody, and you know the early move today was the Central Bank of Iran. Okay, it's always possible. We haven't discussed that we'll be discussing that later, but we haven't discussed that yet I'm not gonna get into that right now, China's paying 30% on two hundred and fifty billion dollars. That starts in another couple of weeks. As you know, President Xi called through his top people and they have a 70th anniversary very important day for them, and it happens to be October 1st, which is the exact date of the increase in the tariff, and they asked us out of respect. Would I delay the tariff a little bit. I said how about if I move it forward, let me move it forward a little bit because they didn't want it to fall. On the same day. It's exactly October 1st, so I said. Let me move it up a couple of weeks. They said no, no, no. Could you so out of respect for President Xi, who I do have great respect for I, moved it back two weeks, but right now it's 25%. It goes up to 30% on October 15th, no I have it it's. It's I just tell you, it is everybody's, rather they laugh at it and it's another. It's another media disaster and the media has lost so much credibility in this country. Our media has become the laughingstock of the world when you look at what they did to justice, Cavanaugh and so many other things. Last week, I think this is one of the worst weeks in the history of the fake news media. You have been wrong on so many things and this one will be I, wouldn't say it will top the list, because I think you can't do worse than some of the stories you missed over the last week or two, but the media of our country is left at all over the world. Now you're a joke. Okay, what else? Which conversation will figure it out? You're supposed to be the media figure it out? It was which conversation I really don't know, I, don't know what I know about spice, so we're doing a great program we have vice. President pence is very much involved and we have a tremendous space program. If you look at our facilities, they were virtually closed up. There was crab grass growing on the runways and now they're vital, and you know where we're doing we're doing we're going to Mars we're stopping at the moon. The moon is actually a launching pad. That's why we're stopping at the moon? I said: hey we've already done the moon, that's not so exciting. They said no, sir, it's a launching pad for Mars, so we'll be doing the moon, but we'll really be doing Mars and we'll be we're making tremendous progress. In addition, rich people like to send up rocket ships so between Bezos and Elon, Musk and others we're leasing them our launch facilities, which you can't get there, are no launch facilities like this. This is big stuff, so we'll leap in in Texas and Florida releasing them our facilities, so they can send up whatever they want to send up where it's, okay with us and they've actually done very well. They've said: they've had great success, but rich people in this country, I, don't know about your country, but they like building rocket ships and sending them up, and it's okay with us say it well, I'll, let it I think Scott and I would rather take a pass, though I don't know. What do you like to do? I think I think I'm, not sure, but I know I'm pretty well. I think he and I will take a pass, but there are a lot of people that want to go up and I have great respect for the astronauts. It's a that's an incredible I say it again. Yeah well, Australia's mineral industry is massive. It's far far bigger than that I mean very few. Very few countries have anything approaching what Australia has in terms of mineral wealth and you've really taken advantage of it and you've done it in a very environmentally sensitive way. I know that's very important to you. It's very important to Scott. We talk about it, a lot because that business can get out of control a little bit from the standpoint of environment, and you have really approached it in an environmentally sensitive way. Cole isn't as an example you're the leader of safety in coal digging and we've actually studied it because we're doing a lot of coal and you have very little- you almost have. No, you know used to have a thing black lung disease and in Australia you almost don't have it anymore. You've got all of the dust down and you know they're very they become wet mines, basically, but it's very technologically advanced industry craft right all that resources industry are from the robotics, that's involved in the production and all the way through, but that critical mental space. These are the things were going to be talking about, because Australia has a wonderful partnership with United States, not just militarily and not just strategically, but also economically and and that's gonna, be the big part of this conversation we have today and environmentally I have to say and environmentally. If the things that they've done environmentally we're digging digging is a you know. When you talk minerals, it's about digging and what you've been able to do with environment, with the environment having to do with taking minerals out of the ground, including- and you know I would say, even especially because you're leading on coal I will tell you- I sent a whole crew over it, because your record is so good in terms of illnesses from digging better than anybody in the world. So we're going catch you on that. Okay, Oh we'll talk about that over dinner tonight. I'm sure he has another turn forever here in Washington I understand, but no we've have talked about whether if he's scheduled and mrs. Trump of it's, where they take in the Presidents Cup later in the year, which is going to be a great time was a tremendous tournament. The president knows a lot more about golf than I do and he certainly swings a club way better than I do, but he's got a busy year coming up next year, he's going to do great there, and but if he has the opportunity, if mr. Trump has the opportunity, it's it's going to be a great spectacle down Australia this year. Interestingly, the the PGA Tour invited me to go and I would love to do it we'll have to see what the schedule is, but but I would love to do it's a very exciting tournament, nothing more exciting and having it at in Australia, where you have so many great golfers, Gregg Dorman is a friend of mine and a great friend of yours, I, know and I think he's going to be here tonight. Yeah he's the first lady has done an incredible job tonight. We're gonna have it for either the first time we're certainly one of the few times in the Rose Garden, and it's going to be I watched yesterday the rehearsal and she was out there and it's going to be incredible, tonight's, going to be a beautiful night and the only thing that can dampen it would be rain and we're not expecting any rain. But if it, if it rains, we head over to the stateroom and we'll be just fine, but we're really expecting I hope you're going to be able to see it tonight for a little. While, probably you will well we'll sort of make sure that you do it's beautiful, well, I, always like a coalition. Sometimes you find that people have made a lot of money that did one in the coalition. They made a lot of money with Iran, which is you know when President Obama made that deal. Not only was it a bad deal, but the United States didn't partake in a business sense and other countries Germany France Russia. Many other countries made a lot of money with Iran and we didn't make money with Iran, which that was just one of the many bad parts about the deal. Everyone else is making money and we're not so we'll see what we'll see what happens. Look the United States is in a class by itself we have the most powerful military in the world by far it's nobody close. As you know, we've spent tremendous and hopefully, and we pray to God. We never have to use it, but we've totally renovated and bought new nuclear and the rest of our military is all brand new. The nuclear now is at a level that it's never been before, and I can only tell you because I know I know the problems of nuclear and other damages that I know what happens and I want to tell you. We all hope in Scott homes we all pray that we never have to use nuclear, but there's nobody that has anywhere close to what we have well. Unger is going to be very exciting and we look forward to it we'll be there you'll, be there yeah be there and for you it's a much longer trip. It is a pity, but we we look forward to it. We have a big message for Unga. We have a big message and I very much have we went back to New York in a long time, I see that our part-time mayor will be now going back to New York, so they'd be able to work a little bit harder, but he dropped out of the presidential race a little while ago, too bad. He had tremendous potential. He only had one real asset. You know it was high other than that he had nothing going. Okay. What else? Well I think the United States has taken a very measured and calibrated approach to date, and the thing about our partnership is we we always listened to. Whatever requests are made and Australia always considers them and in our national interests- and we have good conversations about these things, but the thing is both of us. We never get ahead of ourselves on these things. We just you know you take this one step at a time and we keep talking to each other. That's what we've always done, wherever we'll work together and we're going to keep doing that. We've got such an open line of communication. I appreciate the fact the president I talk about these things, even when we're not together and we're gonna, keep doing that and we'll just take these things, one step at a time. You know the easiest thing for me to do, and maybe it's even a natural instinct, maybe I have to hold myself back I, remember during the debates and when I was running against Hillary and the Democrats and the media I view them all the same I view that partnership very much the same, but when I was running everybody said all he's. Gonna get into war, he's gonna get into war, he's going to blow everybody up he's going to get into war. Well, the easiest thing I could do. In fact, I could do it while you're here, which they go ahead and fellas go, do it and that would be a very bad day for Iran. That's the easiest thing: I could do it so easy and for all of those that say, oh they should do it. It shows weakness such as. Actually, in my opinion, it shows strength, because the easiest thing I could do. Okay, go ahead, knock out, 15 different major things in a run. I could do that and all set to go. It's all set to go, but I'm not looking to do that. If I can I think I've changed a lot of minds. People are very surprised that, and many people are extremely happy. Many people are thrilled and many people are saying. Oh I wish you'd hit the hell out of that. Well, let's see what happens, but it will take place in one minute. I could do it right here in front of you and that would be it and then you'd have a nice big story to report and I think it shows far more strength to do it. The way we're doing it and again, whether it's next week or two weeks or three, which doesn't make any difference, whether it's now or in three weeks, doesn't make any difference, but I think the strong persons approach and the the thing that does show strength would be showing a little bit of restraint. Much easier to do it. The other way it's much easier and Iran knows if they misbehave they're on borrowed time. They're not doing well I'd like to see them. Do great I'd love to see them do great, but they're not doing well they're doing very poorly they're doing far worse than they've ever done before they're having riots in their streets they're having a lot of problems in Iran right now, they could solve it very quickly. But the easiest thing for me to do is say: okay, let's go! Let's just do it very easy for me to do, but it is interesting because when I was campaigning, everybody here thought that I was going to be like it would be one day, but what I have done is I've defeated. Isis I've rebuilt our military to a level that it's never been before spent a lot of money. The budgets are not so hard to fix for me, but when you're spending one-and-a-half trillion so far, now another 738 million billion on the military but think of it one and a half trillion dollars and we have the greatest in the world, but I think we strange is a good thing. I think it's a good thing. We were thinking about having a meeting I didn't like the idea that they couldn't produce a ceasefire. I wasn't in favor of that I said no, they can't produce a ceasefire. Why are we bothering and they thought that it was a sign of strength to kill 12 people wound others badly wound some others and one of those 12 people was a young man, young soldier, from Puerto Rico from our country, and when I heard that I said I don't want to deal with them anymore. We have hit in Afghanistan, we have hit the Taliban harder than they've ever been in the entire 19 years of war. They've been hit harder. It's come back to me through absolutely impeccable sources that they're saying Wow. We made a mistake with this guy. We made a big MIDI made a mistake: I was totally willing to have a meeting I'll meet with anybody. I think meetings are good, I think weddings are good. There's no such thing as oh gee. We shouldn't I, really believe meetings are good worse that happens. Does it work out? That's, okay! Even then you get to know your opposition, don't forget I'm, looking at them like they're. Looking at me, you get to know your opposition, you can see if they're real. Sometimes you develop a relationship like we do, but sometimes you develop and many times you won't. But you get to know your opposition I. Think. The best thing that happened to this country is the fact that at least for three years the fact that I have a very good relationship with Kim, jong-il and I think that's a positive. His country is tremendous potential. He knows that, but our country has been playing around for 50 years and getting nothing and we have a relationship. There's never been a relationship with them. We'll see what happens it might work out, it might not work out I'm, not saying it will, but in the meantime he hasn't been testing. Any nuclear you've had no nuclear test since since for a long time- and he has been doing some short-range missiles, but so does every other country do short-range missiles. Every country is doing them, they're pretty standard fair, but no I will tell you that we've never had a country, so strong, we're just a couple of points away from a new stock market, all-time high and I. Think we've done it over a hundred and twelve times as a certain number, whatever it may be. I don't want to be specific, because if I give you the wrong number, we'll have breaking news, it'll be on every news paper that I said I said 112 and it was actually 111 and it'll. Be breaking news. They'll give me a Pinocchio, but let me just say: let me just say: the country has never been in this position. We have the strongest military we've ever had and now we've rebuilt it after this seven hundred and thirty eight billion dollars. We really have a bill that we have a rebuilt military. It's a great thing, and some of our friends are doing. The same thing. I can tell you Australia's military is unbelievable. I saw the order that they put in for some of our most of stated equipment and I said that's really great. Would you do and they've really upped it and I want to congratulate you. I mean you have really done a job when you're military after 2 percent of GDP next year, so right in the middle of a two hundred billion dollar upgrade biggest increase in our defence as a share of GDP since the second world war? Well, you know that's a question. I haven't heard in a long time. I'll leave that for you to determine well, obviously, China is a threat to the world in a sense because they're building a military faster than anybody and, frankly they're using us money. Presidents before me have allowed China to take out five hundred billion dollars a year, and it's really more than that. They've allowed China to steal our intellectual property and property rights and I'm not doing that, and we actually very close to having a deal. You know we were very close. We had intellectual property, all of the tough things were negotiated and then at the last moment, Scott they said we cannot agree to this. I said: that's all right. We're charging you 25% tariffs and then it's going up and it'll continue to go up and, frankly, we're making so many hundreds of the numbers that were taking in to our treasury, and you see it because sometimes you'll see. Look at the good reports. Look at the great reports that came out two days ago on retailing on consumers or numbers that nobody believes well, I, think a lot of it we're taking hundreds of millions potentially over a short period of time. Hundreds of billions of dollars worth of money is coming in from China that never came in before so China wants to make a deal. I think we want to make a deal and we'll see what happens but I view China in many different ways, but right now I'm thinking about trade, but you know trade equals military, because if we allow China to take 500 billion dollars out of the hide of the United States, that money goes into military and other things, I was hoping. I wouldn't be asked that question had to be you that asks you had asked me that question right, Justin, I'm, surprised and I was more surprised when I saw the number of times, and you know I've always had a good relationship with Justin I. Just don't know what to tell you. It's I was surprised by it. Actually I would say a man of titanium. You know, titanium is much tougher than steel he's. A man of titanium. Believe me, I have to deal with this guy he's not easy. You might think he's a nice guy. Okay, he's a man of real real strength and a great guy and his wife is lovely and I want to. Thank you and I want to thank Melania for the work and I hope. You're gonna be able to see cuz Melania has she's worked very hard for Australia and you've done a fantastical and it'll be so different and we look up to the skies and we're just gonna hope that it's not gonna rain, and if it is that's okay, too cuz that'll work out also it always works out. Thank you all very much. There is nothing. It's nothing! There's nothing! It's great honor to be here little Ben dishonor, the baby. Thank you very much. Everybody.