Well, I think they follow the leader. One thing with the Democrats I give him credit for it. A lot of them, don't want it. You know that you interview them a lot of them. Are they should they call them from districts where I won and then they won after when I wasn't running but I'm going to win a big. If you look at what's happening with my calls, they're through the roof, you know why, because of this phony, which I, if you look at what happened with the fundraising, we set a record the Republicans, because people are sick and tired of it. I got a call the other night from pastors the big, the biggest passage evangelical Christian. They said we have never seen our religion or any religion, so electrifies they are, they say, they've never seen anything like it. Churches are joining hundreds of thousands of people, and you know that to logic says because of you and your partner, the Democrats, the hosters, you think it'll pass out and die in the Senate. Well, I think this I think that we have great. We have a great relationship in the Senate I have a 95% approval rating of the Republican Party I believe the Senate that I haven't spoken to that many senators but I believe the senators look at this as a hoax. It's a witch hunt. It's a disgrace should have never happened. Just like Russia delusion delusion should have never happened. That was do it John and just like that, Jenna never happened so I think in the Senate I think they feel that the Republican Party has just read it very very badly. Now in the house they have the majority they all vote with. Aoc and and +3 Nancy Pelosi, petrified of them she's afraid she's going to lose their position. Nancy Pelosi will lose her speakership right after the election when the Republicans take over their minds, because we have no right the way they're doing it. They've taken away our right. So if they proceed- and you know, they'll just get their people they're all in line because even though many of them don't want about, they have no choice. You have to follow their leadership and then we'll get it to the Senate. If we're going to win, the Republicans have been very unified. This is the greatest witch hunt in the history of our country, so we beat the one that started immediately. We went through two years to follow and that came out like a ten who came out perfect and a few days go by and they start this nonsense, and this is just as ridiculous, so the Democrats, unfortunately they have the votes they can vote very easily, even though most of them, many of them, don't believe they should do and I do believe. I do believe that, because of what they're doing with Pelosi and and their real leaders, AOC plus three- that's their real leaders. I really believe that and they're going to pay a tremendous price at the pole, and we saw the first glimpse of it. Two weeks ago, in a great state, North Carolina, we saw a great great glimpse of what's going to happen. Energy Pelosi said we'll be a Ewing. As everybody knows, we've been treated very unfairly very different from anybody else. If you go over a mentally history, I didn't go over any aspect of life. You'll see how unfairly, with the traitors we've done, a fantastic job. Everything to me is about corruption. We want to find out what happened with 2016 and, as you know, there's a lot of work going on to that I. Don't care about fights campaign, but I do care about corruption. This campaign, that's up to him, politics, that's up to them. I! Don't care about politics! Politics is I, think I made clear, and yesterday somebody asked me a question and I gave an answer, but always in the form of corruption. What I want to do and I think I have an obligation to do it, probably a duty to do it, corruption. We are looking for corruption. When you look at what Biden has done it and when you look at other people what they've done and I believe there was tremendous corruption with Biden, but I think there was beyond I mean beyond corruptions having to do with the 2016 campaign and what these lowlifes did to. So many people hurt so many in the Trump campaign, which was successful. Despite all of the fighting us I mean. Despite all of the unfairness, though, we are looking at corruption, we're not looking at politics, I, don't know. Somebody said that a long time ago was that in 2017 tell me what all I can tell you this. When I speak to barn leaders, I speak in an appropriate way. If we notice they don't mention the call that I had with the president of Ukraine. They don't mention that, because it was so good the only time they mentioned it was when Adam Schiff made it up. He talked about Pinocchio's that should get pension obviously made up. He made up the story. It was a phony story, Adam Schiff, so they don't talk about that. Anyone you know when this came out. It was quick, broke whoa. Well, there was also yesterday the Ambassador who I heard was tremendous and a tremendous person. He was a hundred percent for what we're saying a hundred percent, and if you look, he also said there was no quid pro quo. That's the whole ball game.