As we sit here, testifying, the president is attacking you. What Twitter and I'd like to give you a chance to respond? I'll read part of one of his tweets everywhere. Marie ivanovitch went turned bad. She started off in Somalia. How did that go? He goes on to say later in the tweet is a US presidents, absolute right to appoint ambassadors. Well, first of all, I've asked you Voinovich. The Senate has a chance to confirm a deny an ambassador. Do they not? Yes, I think consent. What would you like to respond to the president's attack that everywhere, you went, turned bad well, I I mean I, don't I, don't think I have such powers not Mogadishu Somalia Somalia and not in other places. I actually think that, where I served over the years, I and others have demonstrably made things better. You know for the US, as well as for the countries that I've served in Ukraine, for example, where there are huge challenges, including you know, on the issue that we're discussing today of corruption, huge challenges, but they've made a lot of progress since 2014, including in the years that I was there and I. Think in part I mean the Ukrainian people get the most the most credit for that. But a part of that credit goes to the work of the United States and and to me, as the ambassador in in the United in Ukraine, ambassador you've shown the courage to come forward today and testify, notwithstanding the fact you urged by the White House or State Department, not to notwithstanding the fact that, as you testified earlier, the president implicitly threatened you in that call record, and now the president real time is attacking you. What effect do you think that has on other witnesses, will this to come forward and expose wrongdoing? Well, it's very intimidating, said I'm designed to intimidate. Is it not I mean I can't speak to what the president is trying to do, but I think the effect is to be well I know. Mr. phonic, you had a few quick questions for the Ambassador yield to you, mr. phonic Thank You mr. Nunez ambassador Jovanovic. Thank you for being here today. The gentlewoman was suspended. What is the interruption for this time? It is our time the gentleman will suspend you're, not recognized. Mr. Nunez, you were my hustle I, just recognized under the house. Resident 660 you're not allowed to yield time except him. The nordica, the ranking member yielded time to another member of Congress. It's not accurate, you're, gagging, ambassador Jovanovic I want to thank you for a woman will suspend we're, not recognized. This is the fifth time you have interrupted members. A woman will suspend mr. chair. We we control the time and customary of this committee that whoever controls the time can yield to whoever they wish. If we have members of Congress that have a few questions seems appropriate. That we'd be able to let mr. phonic ask her questions as soon as you or minority council recognized. Frankly, you're the best of this nation and I cannot think of anybody else. I would rather have representing us in a foreign capital than you. My colleagues have gone to a great deal of effort to better understand the facts surrounding your removal. I think the facts are pretty clear: there was a smear campaign and it was orchestrated by a corrupt Ukrainian prosecutor, the president's attorney, the president's son and even some of the president's allies, his favorite TV station, so that campaign led to your removal, despite 33 years of outstanding service, progressive responsibilities and awards, and so I kind of sit here with a mix of emotions. On the one hand, there's some pride and gratitude for all your outstanding service and, on the other hand, I'm angry, like my friend from Connecticut. In fact, I'm very angry about how it is the most powerful person on the face of the earth would remove you from office after your stellar service and somehow feel compelled to characterize you as bad news and then to ominously threaten that you're going to go through some things. So I am an inquiry, but I'm not surprised. After all, as was suggested earlier, he said the whistleblower may have committed treason, a crime punishable by death, even though the whistleblower strictly adhered to the letter of the law as independently attested to by both the Trump appointed inspector general and the Acting DNI. After all, he even demeaned the memory of Senator McCain McCain after he lied at his grave at the Naval Academy grounds, despite a lifetime of public service and serving six years as a prisoner of war in a tiny cell in Hanoi being beaten and tortured every day and after all, he belittled the Goldstar Khan family, whose son captain Khan gave his last full measure of devotion out of love for this country, and let me tell you, as somebody whose older brother never saw his 35th birthday because of service in the VA nom War. Those words are deeply offensive, words matter and the words leveled against you constitute bullying of the worst order, your good character. Your outstanding reputation have been besmirched in a way that is devoid of common decency. But here's my message to you. There is nothing ambassador, Ivanovich, nothing he can say or do not a thing that will in any way diminish the nature and quality of the service. You have rendered to our great nation, not a thing, and there is not a thing he can say or do that will diminish our gratitude to you for that service and I. Thank you again for it. Thank you. So as to the larger point, I I would like you to answer. What does this mean to Ukraine when the United States actually engages in the kind of behavior that we are attempting to discourage them from engaging in, namely a politically motivated prosecution? What does that mean to our relation? What does that mean to them in their struggling efforts to become a robust democracy? What's the impact in Ukraine for this behavior I? Think Ukraine, like many countries, looks to us for the power of our example and I think that when we engage in questionable activities that that raises a question and it it emboldened those who are corrupt, who don't want to see Ukraine become. You know a democracy, a free-market economy, a part of Europe but want Ukraine to stay in. You know under Russia's thrall and that's not in our national security interests. Thank You ambassador, you wanted. Thank you so very much welcome as I said last a couple days ago to the witnesses. Welcome to year, four of the impeachment proceedings I'm, sorry that you've gotten drugged into this for three years. We've heard these outrageous and frankly unbelievable accusations regarding Russian collusions accusations that we now are know are absolute nonsense. There was no basis at all, despite promises from some members of this committee, that they had secret proof. That would prove this collusion and grand. We know that it was nonsense, but now, in year four, we apparently move on to Ukraine and quid pro quo, culminating yesterday, when the speaker announced that the president would indeed be impeached and removed for office for bribery and with that statement, I would now feel compelled to ask you, madam ambassador, as you see it here before us very simply and directly, do you have any information regarding the president in itíd States accepting any bribes? No, do you have any information regarding any criminal activity that the President of the United States has been involved with at all yeah. Thank you. Thank you for answering that directly. The American people know this is nonsense. The American people know this is unfair and I have a prediction regarding this I think that public support for impeachment is actually going to be less when these hearings are over than it is when the hearings began, because, finally, the American people are going to be able to see the evidence and they're going to be able to make their own determination. Regarding that now, I want to ask you one thing very quickly and you can ask us again and again, but my question is slightly different. You've been asked as you recognize that the president, any president, has the ability to ask his ambassadors to serve at will I'm curious. Do you think that's the right policy, yeah I, probably think it is I I do as well. It may be imperfect. There may be times when it's not used perfectly, but I agree with you. It is the right policy I. Don't think that we should change now I'd like to read from some previous statements, including one of your own, as well as others regarding the appropriateness of investigating corruption in the UK from Miss, Fiona Hill. So again, the fact that there are investigations into corruption in the energy sector in Ukraine, as well as Russia and many other countries, is not a surprise from yourself. Your previous testimony question was it the general understanding that verismo was a company that suffered from allegations of corruption. Your answer was yes from ambassador Sandland. I am I. Just am generally aware that brisbin's considered a potentially corrupt company. Would you agree, then, that it's appropriate to investigate corruption, I think it's appropriate? If it's, if it's part of our national strategy, what I would say is that we have a process for doing that. It's called the mutual legal assistance treaty. We have one with Ukraine and generally, it goes from from our Department of Justice to the Ministry of Justice in the country of interests. Okay and that's the usual pattern, I appreciate that, regardless of the process, so it's appropriate for us to investigate potential corruption, especially look we're about to give these some of these countries hundreds of millions of dollars that the US taxpayer said. Here's a dollar of line, go ahead and give it to this other country. But please only do it. If you know it's not going to be used for crop purposes or against our national interest and and I'll conclude with this, because I promised my friend mr. Jordan I would save him a little bit of time. We mentioned earlier that the vice president, when he was went to the Ukraine and called for the specific firing of a specific prosecutor that he was, as they say, completing official US policy. But the interesting thing is this: the Vice President had exactly two countries that were his responsibility, that time China and the Ukraine, and he has bragged and been very proud of his influence in the previous administration. He says again and again that the Obama administration listened to him. So it doesn't surprise me that they would be fulfilling a policy that this vice-president certainly helped to formulate. Today, we've seen you as this former ambassador of this 33 year, veteran of the Foreign Service, but I want to know about you personally and how this has affected you personally and your family yeah. It's been a difficult time. I mean I I'm, a private person. I, don't want to put all that out there, but it's been a very, very difficult time, because the President does have the right to have his own or her own ambassador in every country in the world. But does the president have the right to actually malign people's character? I mean I may not be against any law, but I would think that it would be against decorum and decency. I mean there's a question as to why the kind of campaign to get me out of Ukraine happened, because all the president has to do is say he wants a different ambassador and in my line of work, perhaps in your line of work as well. All we have is our reputation, and so this has been a very painful period. I'd ask him Sparta, but I love to repeat the question: Thank You, mr. chairman I'm, asking might you might maybe we can kind of see why the president was a little concerned when you have the highest ranking officials in the government, the Ambassador criticizing him Parliament to remember Yashica, Lysenko, criticizing him when you have avakov the guy who first told you about Giuliani criticizing all this going on, and when you couple that with the concerns he has about corruption, the concerns he has about Europe not doing enough. The concerns he has about reluctance is sending the hard-earned tax dollars to any country to I, have indulged you with extra time, but I appreciate, indulgence is wearing out. I appreciate it. There is a question hard. Our adult is more out with you a long time ago, mr. Djamel I had to tell you that I'm about to gavel you down. So if you have a question, I suggest you you I'm asking her is: do you think there's maybe a reason that this was that the president Trump's concern was justified. You know I can't speak for the President on this, but what I would say is you've listed a number of actions, I. Think from my point of view, that doesn't that doesn't create a Ukrainian government strategy to interfere in our election. Didn't say that mr. jordan he's allowing the bastard answer the question so I would just say that you know US politicians will often criticize policies of foreign foreign counterparts, even perhaps during their elections. You know this. This happens in politics and I think that it it doesn't necessarily constitute interference. Would you ever write an op-ed or near time with a presidential candidate in Ukraine Jordan? Your time has expired. Mr. Welch you're recognized. Thank you. I will just emphasize once again about the importance of your testimony. Mr. Kent and ambassador Taylor gave us the broad outlines of this story. This is a story about an effort to coerce condition or bribe a foreign country into doing the dirty work of the president investigations of his political rival by conditioning US taxpayer money by conditioning a meeting that President Solinsky desperately wanted and needed to establish that relationship with the most powerful patron of Ukraine, the United States of America. The fact that they failed in this solicitation of bribery doesn't make it any less. Bribery doesn't make it any less immoral or corrupt. It just means it was unsuccessful and to that we owe other dedicated public servants who blew the whistle had they not blown the whistle we wouldn't be here and I think it is appalling that my colleagues continue to want to out this whistleblower so that he or she can be punished by this president. But, let's underscore once again, while you are the beginning of this story, you're not the end of it, but nonetheless the beginning is important, because the beginning of the story is an effort to get you out of the way, an effort by Rudy, Guiliani and crewmen and Parnas, and corrupt Ukrainians, like Lutz n KO. To get you out of the way because they felt you were an impediment to these political investigations. The president, so desperately wanted Giuliani has made it abundantly clear. He was in Ukraine on a mission for his client for the President to investigate the Biden's, and you were viewed as an obstacle that had to go not just by Giuliani but by the President of the United States, and if people had any doubt about it, they should do what the president asks read the transcript and what they'll see in that transcript is the president praises the corrupt. He praises the corrupt Lutz Enco. He condemns the just you and then he asks for an investigation of the Biden's. There is no camouflaging that corrupt intent. We are adjourned. Let's pick our speaker condition chairman. You disparage these disparage those members on this side of the aisle. We should have a chance to respond to your disparaging remarks. Mr. Chairman I demand her seat. Mr. chairman, mr. chairman, mr. chip.