Good evening, December 18th a great day to the Constitution of the United States, a sad one for America that the president's reckless activities necessitated us are having to. If you do, articles of impeachment may I thank our six chairs for a long period of time had been legislating. Investigating and litigating. Today that came to a culmination on the floor of the house for the Judiciary Committee under the leadership of Jerry Nadler of New York, and we Intelligence Committee under the leadership of Adam Schiff of California, brought the articles of impeachment to the floor to a conclusion where they have passed. I, thank them for their tremendous leadership. I thank congressman chairwoman, Maxine Waters of California Richie, unique of the Financial Services Committee Richie Neal of Massachusetts, the chair of the Ways and Means Committee, carolyn Maloney, the chair of the cupboard for me with our Oversight Committee and, of course, Adam Schiff. The chair of the Intelligence Committee for their great work over a period of time. I just want to say before yielding to the Chairman that I could not be prouder or more inspired, but than by the moral courage of the House Democrats. We never asked one of them how they were going to vote. We never whipped this boat, we saw the boat. Well, you saw the public statements that some of them made. We saw the result when everyone else did the statements on the floor, about patriotism and about being very true to the vision of our founders and so I do this this day. This vote is something that we do to honor the vision of our founders: to establish a republic, the sacrifice of our men and women in uniform to defend our democracy and that Republic and the aspirations of our children that they will always live in a democracy and that we have tried to do everything we can to make sure that that is their reality. We all hear from our chairman and then we'll take three questions. I'm now, honored to yield with great appreciation and respect. Did you stingless, chair of the Judiciary Committee German? Madam? Thank you. The framers reserved the power of impeachment for the gravest offenses against our Constitution, against our Liberty and against our democratic institutions. President Trump used the powers of his office for his own personal political gain to the detriment of the national security interests of the United States. That is the very definition of an impeachable offense. When Congress began to investigate president Trump's wrongdoing, he engaged in an unprecedented pattern of obstruction. That, too, is why the impeachment power exists. A president who subverts both our elections in our Constitution, our constitutional system of checks and balances, puts himself above the law, and that is Congress duty to hold the president any president accountable. It gives us no pleasure, no pleasure to stand here today, but president Trump's conduct has put our next election at risk. President Trump's behavior puts the integrity of our constitutional order at risk and president Trump's continued actions put the rule of law at risk. The framers gave us the power of impeachment for exactly this reason and then fulfillment of our oath and obligation to the American people. Today we took action to hold president Trump accountable for the serious and undisputed risk he poses to our free and fair elections and to the separation of powers that safeguards our Liberty. A president must not be allowed to become a dictator. I want to thank speaker, Pelosi chairmanship, my fellow investigative chairs and all of my colleagues, but today defended the principles upon which our nation was established. Today, the House of Representatives did its constitutional duty. Today we lived up to our responsibilities to the American people by taking action to defend our national security, to preserve our democratic elections and to show that no one, not even the president, is above the law and now gives me I'm now happy to introduce the chairman of the Intelligence Committee Adam Schiff, the President of the United States has been impeached for now. Only the third time in history, the president, knighted States, should be tried, and the question is now whether Senator McConnell will allow a fair trial in the Senate, whether the majority leader will allow a trial that involves witnesses and testimony in documents, a trial that should be fair to the president. Yes, hmm, but should be fair also to the American people. The American people want to hear from people like John Bolton American people want to hear from people like Mick Mulvaney. The American people want to see. What's in those documents that the president has been hiding at the State Department in the Office of Management and Budget in the White House itself, we have done our duty here in the house. We have upheld the Constitution. We have done as the framers would have us do when a president abuses his office and obstructs a co-equal branch of government. The question now is, with the Senate, uphold its duty. Well, the Senators uphold their oath. Do the senators want to hear from the witnesses? Do they want a real trial? We have to hope that they do the reason we undertook this extraordinary step is because the president not only abused his office but threatens to abuse. It again threatens to interfere again by inviting foreign interference in our election. The remedy isn't complete, as long as the president is free to continue to invite foreign interference in our affairs. I just want to close by thanking the speaker for guiding the Congress through this tumultuous time. There's no one I think who could have guided the Congress with a steadier hand or with more insight and intellect than the Speaker of the House and I also want to thank my colleagues in particular, so many new members of the House who have displayed such courage, who have shown that they truly have the courage of their convictions. Thank you. I just want to add that one person who isn't with us physically in this room but I know, is present with president all day for the deliberations, our former our chair of the gutter for our Oversight Committee Chair, our North Star Elijah Cummings. He said when the history books are written about this tumultuous era. I want them to show that I was among those of the House of Representatives who stood up to lawlessness and tyranny. He also said somewhat presciently. When we were dancing with the angels, the question will be: what did you do to make sure we kept our democracy intact? We did all the code. Elijah weave has the two articles of impeachment. The president is engaged, madam Speaker, madam Speaker, do you do you? Do you view the House's role in this as complete now or are there steps you might take to try to ensure, as the chairman suggested, a more fair trial in the Senate anymore Fairchild Mandara contemplating because we had a very fair process in the House of Representatives I would go to our I. Let me just put it another way we will we'll have we have legislation approved by the Rules Committee that will enable us to decide how we will send over the articles of impeachment. We cannot name men until we see what the process is on the Senate side and I would hope that that will be soon as we did with our legislation. A resolution 660 to describe what the process would be. So far. We haven't seen anything that looks fair to us, so hopefully it will be fair, and when we see what that is, so you would withhold you would wait to send the articles until you understand what the Senate is going to do, we'll make the decision as a group as we always have as we go along well again, we'll decide of what that dynamic is. But we hope that the resolution of that process will be soon in the Senate. Did you have a question? Cheryl yeah? Well, let me tell you what I don't consider what I don't consider a fair trial? This is what I don't consider a trill, fair trial that leader McConnell has stated that he's not an impartial juror that he's going to take his cues and quotes from the White House, and he is working in total coordination with the White House counsel's office. Let me just say that obviously Senator McConnell by that declaration has said that he is so as in effect. The foreman of the jury is working with the defendants counsel. That's not fair and we'll have to see what else, but that's certainly an indication of an unfair of an intention to have an unfair trial. Where look it's up to the Senators to reckon their own decision working together, hopefully in recognition of their witnesses that the president withheld from us their documents that the president withheld from thus, and we would hope that that information would be there available in a trial to go to the next step, because this that's a another level in terms of conviction in terms of this. But right now the president is impeached, we're not having that just stuff and where we we have done what we have set out to do. The house has acted on a very sad day to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States to do so in a manner that was fair, even though the other side was mischaracterizing it. Nonetheless, it was there and and appropriate, and urgent and urgent. So we always, we will make our decision as to when we're going to send it when we see what they're doing on the Senate side, but that's a decision that we will make jointly you're starting to act like another country, don't shout okay, who's not going to shout no question. Yes, sir I'm, not that would have been our intention, but we'll see what what happens over there. Then it's not you're asking me. Are we all going to go out and play in the snow? This thing has not been part of our conversation. That has not been part of our conversation. Excuse me what I'm sorry, you know I've never raised the prospect. You asked the question. I never raised the process. I said we're not sending it tonight, because it's difficult to determine who the managers would be until we see the arena in which we will be participating. That's all I said I never raised the prospect. Well, we'll see what they when they come forward at the it's up to the center, to set this and say what what their rules will be. My colleagues do you want to say anything about this because it is yo. This is a serious matter, even though the majority leader in the United States Senate, says it's okay for the foreman of the or to become cahoots with the lawyers of the accused. That doesn't sound right to us, but let's see when they understand what we have acted and now want they'll understand what their responsibilities are and we'll see what that is, but I never raised that possibility. But anyway, let me again thank our Chairman, all six of them and our darling Elijah. They did a remarkable job and I think you probably hopefully will be inspired by the moral courage of our caucus, especially as the distinguished chairman recognized our freshman members who came here revealed the reviewed the facts understood the Constitution made their decision again to honor their oath of office. You.