People in California the Governor of California come on in everybody. Then you wonder why people are flooding our borders come on in you have free education, free health care, everybody gets a rolls-royce come on in come on in you know, to show you how corrupt CNN is when I use that expression, they said the president wasn't telling the truth. He said they get a Rolls Royce and they don't. Ah they don't get it do they. They never got it. Some idiot at CNN said you can't win without CNN I. Guess we showed them I. Guess we shot bad, but CNN is a voice. That really seems to be the voice out there and it's a terrible thing for our country and we ought to start our own Network and put some real news out there, because they are so bad. They are so bad for our country. We vastly expanded, affordable insurance options, including Association health plans, short-term plans and health reimbursement arrangements, which are incredible, and many of these options are up to 60% less expensive than Obama care. Nobody got that, but nobody got that that self Obama care, I didn't say. Obama care I said Obama care. President obama care he can have it, and I have many people coming down from Canada and I said. What are you doing there getting an operation of some kind? Why don't you get it up there? They say: there's nothing like what you've been able to do in a short period of time and will making it even better, though they used many labels. All of the Democrat plans would devastate our health care system. To fake moderates on the left are telling the same lies they did under the last administration, but the last administration frankly was moderate compared to the maniacs that you're hearing from today. These are maniacs Elizabeth, Pocahontas Warren. You know when I used to hit her I thought she was gon run I thought she was gone. She came up from the ashes she emerged now. We're probably gonna have to do it again. Cuz I, don't see sleepy Joe, making it I'll tell you now I thought she was gone under this administration. We believe that every American family has the right of choice. You have a right to choose choice so important, like what we did with events, choice where they can go out and get a doctor instead of waiting in line for three weeks four weeks, two months choice and you look at the doctor and you look at the plan that is best for you. The truth is, there is no longer a moderate wing of the congressional Democrats they've gone crazy. They've been hijacked by the radical left. I mean these people on the Left. These people are that the same guy I think so so to like him, I can't admonish him again, I think it's the same. Guy got a powerful voice. Democrat lawmakers are not trying to build up the country; they only want to wreck and destroy all of the things that we've built up over the last three and a half years. Four years, five years prior to us getting in here, you look at the stock market numbers from the time of the election. From that November 9th date go a day later was November 8th. Was that one of the great times 2016, but go a day later? And you look at the numbers in the stock market up way over 50%, the 401ks are doing unbelievably well. One of these people gets in your 401ks are going to hell the stock market's going to hell, frankly, I think and I hate to say it, but country is going to go to hell. They are consumed by rage and radicalism and insatiable lust for power. How about justice Cavanaugh? They talk about a woman. They talk about a woman about horrible things that he never even thought about horrible horrible things and the following day, and they want to impeach him and then the following day. She said: no I, don't remember anything I, don't remember that, and they say we don't care. We want to impeach him anyway. Now what they're trying to do is turn his vote liberal, but he's a much tougher guy than that. I hope he's a much tougher guy. Thank you! Yeah I, better, be tell you if I weren't, I wouldn't be up here right now, you want to drive him crazy, don't do for more. You say: eight more years, you'll drive him one of these crazy maniacs. On the show was interviewing somebody radical left and he goes, you know, he's gonna wind, aren't you big show and they go. No. No we're gonna find it with it. No no he's gonna win and you know he's never getting out. You know that, don't you he's not gonna get out. You know he's and I thought like here's, a comedian I thought he was like kidding and having fun. He meant it. These people are sick, they meant it anyway, but know if you want to drive him crazy, just say eight more years or 12 more years. Sixteen sixteen would do it good. They would you'd really drive them into the loony bin and that's why they do the impeachment crap, because they know they can't beat us fairly. That's the only reason their delegate, they can't win. They can't.