Good morning, thank you for joining us today to discuss important action in the administration is taking to address the ongoing security and humanitarian crisis at our southwest border, publishing a final rule to implement the Flores settlement agreement. This year we have seen an unprecedented flow of family units, primarily from Central America, coming to our southwest border. During the first ten months of this fiscal year, US Customs and Border Protection apprehended or encountered almost four hundred and seventy five thousand families, ninety percent of whom crossed our border unlawfully between ports of entry. Three times more than any previous full-year record, and the month of May alone, we saw eighty eight thousand six hundred and thirty members of family units arrive at our border four times the record month in the last major surge as I've testified multiple times and as experts throughout this administration, as well as leaders from previous administrations have explained. The driving factor for this crisis is weakness in our legal framework for immigration, human smugglers advertised an intending migrants in know, well that even if they cross the border illegally arriving in our border with a child has meant that they will be released into the United States to wait for court proceedings that could take five years or more. This key gap in our immigration framework comes from a 2015 reinterpretation of the Flores settlement agreement, an agreement that is now more than two decades old by a federal district court judge this reinterpretation, which applied for the first time the requirements of the Flora settlement to accompany minors has generally forced the government to release families into the country after just 20 days and incentivizing illegal entry, adding to the growing backlog in immigration proceedings and often delaying immigration proceedings. For many years, this single ruling has substantially caused and continued to fuel the current family unit crisis and the unprecedented flow of Central American families and minors illegally crossing our border. Until today, after nearly two years of work by the Department of Homeland, Security and health and human services, professionals, consideration of over 100,000 comments from stakeholders and members of the public and a comprehensive review, the Trump administration has established a new rule to respond to the realities of current immigration flows, a rule based in the principle that family should remain together during immigration proceedings. While the Flores settlement agreement is operationally outdated and does not respond to the current immigration crisis, it has many important aspects and principles like the need for special protections for children and high standards for government facilities that were adopted as defining features in this new rule. This is an extensive and detailed rule, but this morning I want to highlight four key elements. First and foremost, the new rule permanently establishes standards of care in custody for children and families. These standards are high in doing so. The rule fulfills one of the central original purposes of the 1997 Flores court settlement agreement to ensure appropriate care for all children. A national standard of care ensures that care of custody care in custody of children and families is not a policy decision and should not be subject to the ebbs and flows of state and local politics. Instead, all children in the government's care will be universally treated with dignity, respect and special concern in concert with American values and faithful to the intent of the original settlement, the facilities that we will be using to temporarily house families under this rule are appropriately fundamentally different than the facilities where migrants are processed following apprehension or encounter at the border. There are campus like settings with appropriate medical, educational, recreational dining and private housing facilities, for example, the first family residential center in Berks Pennsylvania has suites where each family is housed separately, furniture bedding, towels, clothing and toiletries are provided, there's a large community living room that has big-screen television, cushioned couches and lounge chairs a gaming area and a separate library that contains books. Other television sets, video games and board games facility also has an entire wing dedicated to classroom learning where minors at the facility go to school five days a week. Another wing is a medical facility where minors and their parents receive any necessary medical care, including all immunizations required for later admission to u.s. public schools. There are also phone banks to call relatives, consulates, attorneys and other representatives in all federal excuse me in all family residential centers, three hot meals a day are provided and snacks are available. Throughout the day, all of our three family residential centers offer a variety of indoor and outdoor day. The recreation activities for children and adults. Indoor activities offered include a variety of sports group exercise, classes, arts and crafts classes, movie nights and even seasonal holiday, themed activities. Outdoor recreational facilities include soccer fields, volleyball courts and play structures. The FRC's have video conferencing set up for court hearings and private meeting rooms, so the families can meet with their attorneys or representatives. Child care is provided to the parents while they meet with their attorneys of representatives or attend to these hearings. Interpreting services are available 24 hours a day via telephone attorneys and Representatives approved to appear at immigration. Court hearings are provided access to the residents at various times each week, enabling families to obtain counsel and not have to appear in immigration hearings as pro se respondents. The new rule will ensure that children and families in the care of the government are temporarily housed in facilities that are appropriate for their well-being. Second, the new rule closes the legal loophole that arose from the reinterpretation of Florist, which Congress has refused to do, allowing the federal government to house alien families together in appropriate facilities during fair and expeditious proceedings, as was done by the previous administration in 2014 and 2015 prior to the 2015 court ruling that restricted our use of the frcs immigration proceedings averaged less than 50 days. Granting those with meritorious claims prompt, relief and permission to stay in the US, with appropriate documentation while swiftly repaid training. Those with meritless claims who have comprised a substantial majority of the families arriving and being processed. Our goal remains, as in the previous administration, to provide an expeditious immigration result while holding families together, which particularly benefits legitimate asylum seekers with meritorious claims. The current system, however, serves those with meritless claims and leaves all migrants in a state of limbo for years in recent months, the majority of final orders of removal for families who recently arrived at our border have been issued in absentia over 85 percent. This rule changes that dynamic the result of holding families together under the previous administration was a dramatic reduction in the flow of unlawful crossings by families. The 2015 court ruling upended that process and the direct and predictable result has been to family surge crises at the border. First in 2016 and now at unprecedented levels. This year, when fully implemented, the new rule will restore the humane and effective procedures employed in 2014 and 2015. Third, by closing, this key loophole in Flora's new rule will restore integrity to our immigration system and eliminate the major poll factor fueling. The crisis, as I stated earlier, this this year has brought record volumes of families to our southwest border. In the first ten months of the fiscal year, US Customs and Border Protection has observed at four hundred and sixty nine percent increase in the number of family units apprehended between ports of entry from our FY 18 numbers. While this year's increase is especially dramatic, family apprehensions have increased at an annual average of 72 percent. Over the past fiscal year, fiscal years in fiscal year, 2013 before florist was reinterpreted. The total number of family and its apprehended entering the United States illegally on the southern border was fourteen thousand eight hundred and fifty five again by August of this fiscal year. We have already seen almost four hundred and seventy-five thousand family and it's apprehended by eliminating the incentive to make the journey of the United States as a family. The new rule will reduce the unprecedented volume, a family units at a strain, the already limited resources of our department components and put children throughout the region at risk. The scale of this crisis has required us to ask a tremendous amount of our boar Patrol agents and CBP officers, as they have stepped up this new rule, provided them with well-deserved relief and allow them to rededicate the resources and time towards stopping criminals at the border. The job they signed up to do and fourth, the new rule will protect children by reducing incentives for adults, including human smugglers, to exploit minors in the dangerous journey to our borders, using them to beat the system and be released into the United States. So far, this fiscal year, border agents have identified approximately 6,000 migrants who have fraudulently presented as members of family and it's at the border in response. Us Immigration and Customs Enforcement Homeland Security Investigations has conducted two DNA pilot testing programs that have definitively identified dozens of cases and which children had no familiar relation to the adults, claiming that in the first operation, operation, double helix, 116 out of 84 family and its are identified as fraud based on negative DNA results in the second operation of the operation, 79 of our 522 family and it's tested have been identified as fraudulent, based on negative DNA results to date. These egregious examples of migrants posing as family and it's that Isis uncovered demonstrates the necessity of this new rule. No child should be a pawn in a scheme to manipulate our immigration system, which is why the new rule eliminates the incentive to exploit children as a free ticket or, as one gentleman in Guatemala, told me a passport for migration to the United States. This action by the administration is just one part of our overall effort, but it's an essential one. That will do a great deal to address the crisis. We are facing to emphasize again at the heart of this new rule. Our two core principles that family should remain together during immigration proceedings and that conditions for care of children must be appropriate. The new rule establishes a high national standard for - for care of children, and families in custody allows the government to keep families together for fair and expeditious immigration. Proceedings, restores integrity to our immigration system and eliminates the incentive for children to be used or exploited to enter the United States. The for security and migration challenges. We face require a whole-of-government approach and we look forward to working together, including with our international partners, to continue to address them. Thank you. I look forward to taking your questions. We've done this before as the department homeland security in 2014 and 2015 under then secretary jeh, Johnson, family residential centers were established, and these proceedings were implemented during that time period the average stay was under 50 days for completion of immigration. Proceeding CGT is released over 130,000 family units since March as you and you all said, because your systems are over well. Are you prepared to detain all of these family units starting tomorrow or will more bed space active yeah? We're not gonna, be detaining every family unit that arrives starting tomorrow? What Flores the regulation implementation does and again it's not going to be effective for 60 days from publishing in the Federal Register, which is Friday, but it allows us to keep families together through their immigration proceedings. We have three, then the residential centers about 3,000 total family beds in those centers, but that's going to allow us to bring families in finish immigration proceedings as one of a multi-layered strategy we're also working with Central America we're working with Mexico to address integration flows. We have the migrant protection protocols which can be used to have families waiting in Mexico during their immigration proceedings as well. So what this will do is substantially increase our ability to end the catch and release challenges that have fueled this crisis for families. You've said that eliminating the incentive for families to make the journey to the u.s. is obviously one of the primary goals here, but is it possible that families considering coming here will not really listen to the Flores ruled issue? They will hear words that you just said like campus like settings suite for each family, families will remain together, library, gaming area, three hot meals, soccer fields and they'll, say wow. That sounds great. Let's go I, don't think so, in our experience that the main driver for immigration flows is the the perception that they'll be successful in being allowed to stay in the United States. If we have a process, it gets immigration results and the vast majority are being repatriated and in timely fashion. That's the message that people will see five to seven thousand per person, a dangerous journey in the hands of smugglers to the US, ultimately not successful within a matter of weeks and months. That's going to be what changes the dynamic! That's what happened in 2014? That's what that's what's happened whenever we've been able to effectively implement and immigration consequences for people that don't have meritorious claims, so obviously there will be litigation, as you know, all new immigration rules of face litigation in my career. So we do expect a you know, a dialogue in the course and in fact this rule contemplates terminating the flora settlement agreement and actually there's a legal proceeding just to do that coming out of the implementation. So we do expect litigation. We do hope to be able to implement as soon as possible. Again we have approximately 2,500 to 3,000 beds depending on family configuration. First of all, thank you for rolling the press conference today, we're leaving to your trip to Panama. Can you speak to the Washington Post report that you're looking to strike an asylum deal that would allow the u.s. actually we've got a much broader agenda for our trip to Panama we're engaging in a ministerial meeting. We do a monthly ministerial with the interior and security ministers from Central America. It started just with the northern triangle countries with the US as an observer. Now it's expanded to include Costa, Rica and Panama. We're gonna have Colombia there. We're gonna be talking about regional security issues on a broad basis in terms of our bilateral discussions with Panama, it's a new administration. They were inaugurated last month. My counterpart, the Interior Minister Minister morones, is a strong law enforcement background. We've had great initial conversations, we're going to talk about our broad security relationship and building on a strong foundation for partnership, information sharing with Panama that will include the movement of drugs through the region that will include human smugglers and traffickers and a dialogue about the irregular migration flows. But there was not going to be any specific agreement negotiated on this trip. All these countries are concerned about extra Cottonelle asylum-seekers. The flows come through the entire isthmus of Central America. The the smugglers that are bringing them are charging 25,000 to 50,000 per person. For these flows. We have seen security risks embedded in these flows. So absolutely this will be a topic of conversation for all the ministers. The purpose of holding individuals at the administrative custody during immigration proceedings is to get an immigration result as expeditiously as possible and for those that have meritorious claims to have them released and for those that do not meet the standards to have them repatriated. The the rule also establishes very clear, parole and bond procedures for the release of individuals going through their proceedings for various reasons, so there's no intent to hold families for a long period of time. In fact, we have the prior experience that shows we were able to average under 50 days that that is the intent for a fair but expeditious immigration proceeding, but follow up on that after the time period in 2015, in which 50 days, it's dramatically different from the time period. Now the backlog has exploded to 900,000 cases, it's an average of two years. What other steps are you taking to ensure that you can get in that 50 day period, given that the backlog has actually worsened? Much more dramatically since then sure just make an important distinction here, the the detained docket. This is the Court dockets that immigration judges operate where people are held in immigration, custody and ice custody. Those move much more quickly than the multi-year numbers you're hearing for the non detain docket that nine hundred thousand to a million case backlog is on the non detain docket. The detain docket actually moves for single adults much more rapidly than 50 days, so we do anticipate being able to keep these cases on track. Docket non just mean docket, there's been a lot of movement. There's been sort of ever-changing requirements for these immigration judges in terms of what they should be prioritizing. Those things are connected. So what what other steps can you take? Yeah? We work closely with DOJ the executive office for immigration review and we're targeting those priority cases that are going to make an impact on this humanitarian and border security crisis. That means those recent border arrivals and the detain docket, as well as micro protection protocols, will continue to be the focus for timely adjudication to build more family residential countries that we've been devised. So I'm just wondering. If, if that is the case, we could confirmed it. How would this Agreement, you know, -? Just a quick reminder. We did ask Congress for additional family beds in the 2019 budget process and in the Supplemental we did not receive them, so I think that's important to recall, but going back to 2014 when we established family residential centers in the first place, the initial housing for families was at a dorm like setting at the Border Patrol Academy, then under secretary Johnson, and really those initial hearings getting results and having families repatriated had a significant deterrent effect on the flow, and so by the time the family residential centers were built out. They had enough capacity to manage the ongoing flow. We anticipate a similar reaction when migrants and smugglers understand that a child is no longer that that free pass or quote/unquote passport to the u.s. for migration. So both we do have funding for the family, residential centers that it currently exists. They do include significant standards and again this is all articulated in this. This multi hundred page rule. We do have contract professionals, medical professionals, mental health professionals, counseling professionals, all going to be on staff at these centers and managing and interacting with the families and children publish again. It goes to the register today published Friday officially and then it's effective 60 days later.