They said it was impossible, but which is also putting 20,000 more police on the streets, delivering the biggest hospital building program in a generation investing 14 billion pounds more in our schools and leveling up education funding across the country, a great one nation conservative bubble, which is what we represent and a Labour opposition. Mr. speaker, that would turn the year 2020 into a toxic, tedious torture of two more referendums, one on the EU and one on Scotland. That is the choice, mr. speaker, and it is frankly time for the leader of the opposition to move his rusty product from the yellowbox junction, where it is currently blocking progress and it's time for us to get retzig done by December the 12th and then go to the people, because it is now overwhelmingly clear. It is now overwhelmingly clear that the only way to get brexit done is to go to the people of this country and I believe that it is all I believe that it is time that we all each and every one of us in this house had the courage finally to face our ultimate bosses, the people of this country. This motion to the house. The question is that there shall be an early parliamentary general election I call the leader of the Opposition mr. Jeremy Corbyn. Mr. speaker. Mr. speaker, this is a prime minister who cannot be trusted having having illegally having illegally prorogued Parliament for five weeks for his Queen speech. He now abandons that Queen speech. He got his deals through. A second reading then abandoned it. He he promised us a budget on the 6th of November, and then he abandoned that too. He said that he would never ask for an extension and he said he'd rather die in a ditch. Another broken promise. Mr. speaker, every promise this Prime Minister makes he abandons. He said he said he would take us out of the European Union by the 31st order. Let's have some measure of decorum in the debate the leader of the Opposition mr. speaker, he said he would take us out of the European Union by the 31st of October do-or-die. He know he spent 100 million pounds. Mr. speaker, 100 million pounds on an advertising campaign to leave on the 31st of October but failed to deliver, and this is serious. Mr. speaker, the National Audit Office says it failed to resonate I asked the Prime. Minister I asked his house with that hundred million pounds. How many nurses could have been hired? How many parcels could have been funded at food banks? How many social care packages could have been funded for our elderly? He has failed because he has chosen to fail and he now seeks to blame Parliament 100 million pounds of misspent public money at the weekend. At the weekend, Mr Speaker, we learned from the former Chancellor that his deal was offered to the former Prime Minister 18 months ago, and she rejected it as not good enough for the United Kingdom. So we have a rejected and recycled deal. There has been misrepresented by ministers in this house. No doubt inadvertently. The Prime Minister said in terms there would be no checks on goods between Great, Britain and Northern Ireland. The brexit secretary himself has confirmed that the will be the Prime Minister. Mr. speaker, the Prime Minister made promises to labour members about workers, rights, I, remember him with all with all the concentration he could muster saying that workers rights would be protected by him. The leak to the Financial Times on Saturday shows these promises simply cannot be trusted. He says he says the NHS mr. speaker says the NHS is off the table for any trade field. Yet a majority of the British public don't trust him, and why should they? Why should they? Mr. speaker, thanks to a channel for dispatches programme? This is actually quite an important point. The Prime Minister might care to listen to I'll. Go through it again, thanks to order the order. The rod, Allah German is entirely at liberty to do so. If there are people trying to shout believe the opposition down, stop it, it's deeply low-grade the leader of the Opposition mr. speaker, as I, was saying thanks to a channel for dispatches program. We learn that secret meetings have taken place between the member opposite may find this funny, but actually it's quite serious for our National Health Service. We learn mr. speaker that secretin folks are equally water micro fabric on I, understand mr. speaker that the annunciators may not have been working in the offices of Labour MPs, because most of them have not chosen to turn up today. Can that be investigator doesn't need to be investigations or unfortunately, it it's not even a very good tries to smile on the face of the Honorable gentlemen. Readily testifies is a very substandard attempt to the bogus point of order, the leader of the Opposition jeremy, corbyn's Thank You mr. speaker, because I think this section is very important. I'll go through it again. The channel 4 dispatches program has told us that we learn secret meetings have taken place between government officials of the UK government and representatives of US pharmaceutical firms, where the price of national health service drugs has been discussed. Mr. speaker with a prime minister who will say anything do anything to get his way. He will avoid his responsibilities. He will avoid his responsibilities, break his promises to dodge scrutiny, and today he wants an election and his bill. Well, not with our endorsement. He says he wants the election on the trails December tho. How can we trust him? How can we trust him that he will stick to that date when we do when we do not yet have legal confirmation of the extension the Prime Minister, the Prime Minister has not formally accepted, and the other twenty-seven have not confirmed that following that acceptance, the reason I'm so cautious is quite simply I. Do not trust the Prime Minister, hey Elsa, O'dare order, I, don't know whether the Prime Minister was seeking to intervene, figure that I'm afraid that the the right moment to leave it option is mistaken. As I always said. As I always said, this government obeys the law we comply with the law and that has taken its course Parliament asked for this delay. Now it's up to him to go to the country in a general election, that's what he should do for the avoidance of doubts. Such matters are not matters for the chair, but the premises made his own point, apparently to his own satisfaction. The leader of the Opposition here I, simply say this in the Prime Minister. If he always obeys the law, why was he found guilty by the Supreme Court? Thank you, Thank You, mr. speaker, on the on the issue of order. No I don't care how long it takes I'm, not order I'm, not having the honorable gentlemen, shouted down and prevented from being heard. That will not work end of subject mr. Steven Doughty mr. speaker on the issue of trust, which my running friend is quite rightly pointing out, and is he aware of the very interesting rumors that reached my ear that the Prime Minister might, for example, not be planning to even stand in his own constituency? That's an upcoming general election and instead, apparently has lined up as Sevenoaks or East Yorkshire when defeated that rumor I'm grateful I'm grateful to my friend for his intervention. I would put nothing past the Prime Minister all I do know. Is we have an excellent Labor candidate Enochs, which my own about my right on for friend for giving way and like my own defense at a moment ago? I, don't trust the Prime Minister either, but there is a deeper issue about whether we can trust the Prime Minister with our safety. Let me just read this to you very briefly: analysis from the Financial Times today the Prime Minister could shake his head, but perhaps he would when Johnson responded, I invite the Honourable lady to resume her seat. The Honourable lady has a right to be heard not to be shouted down by order by front benchers or bad, and she won't be Halla sherry. Thank you. When Johnson responded, I have never heard such humbug. It all. My life, Labour MP Paula Sheriff, began to read, received toxic tweets at a rate of more than a hundred an hour once such tweet from evening read tough mr. Shreck a surrender bill or surrender act is exactly what bends treacherous act is another read: do what the people told you to effing do otherwise, yes, expect me strung up metaphorically or physically. The Prime Minister has never apologized for saver. What he said anything said: how can we trust him that we can be safe, Mr, Speaker I thank my friend for her intervention and for the stoic way in which she's dealt with the most appalling abuse. That's been thrown at her the threats that she's received the threats that other colleagues have received, the damage that's been done to MP's offices and the abusive language that has happened in so many parts of this country and I will be happy to give away to the prime minister now if he wants to get up and apologize to my friend for what he said about her during that debate. Mr. speaker, the Prime Minister has an opportunity to apologize for the language he used. He seems unable to do so. The treatment she received was disgusting by any standards and I would also point out that numbers numbers for happily, if I apologize, if the shadow Chancellor would, for instance, apologize for inviting lynched the Secretary of State for for Work and Pensions well, sorry seems to be the hardest word. Doesn't it Mr Speaker I? Thank my right honorable friend for giving way. Does he agree with me that we have a prime minister that has a tortuous and difficult relationship with ferocity and therefore he's absolutely right not to believe a single word that comes out of that man's mouth I. Thank my friend I thank my friend for that that intervention and she is right. That is why many of us are very cautious at believing anything the Prime Minister said we want it tied down before we agree to anything. The 12th of December election is less than a fortnight before Christmas nine days before the nine days before the shortest day of the year come to one. Second, the house must consider that in parts of this country we dark before 4 p.m. many students would have just finished their term and gone home for Christmas. Well, actually, people having the right to vote is what an election is all about and they risk being disenfranchised. Thank you for governor, thank him for governor about the workers. Rights in the crater says, if I'm a psychiatrist in workers rights, so keen explain why he'd bought Ben's rebel MPs, who said they secured workers like concessions of the prime minister, why 19 of our MPs action about their withdrawal agreement and if their premise was so unconfident as at any point Mary's not going to keep him in power? Mr. speaker, the Prime Minister, the Prime Minister claimed he would defend workers rights. All the information in the Financial Times at the weekend suggests that he will not do that at all. As I was saying mr. speaker about students and their opportunity to vote on the dates in question, the latter point may not be the case on the 9th of December and we will consider carefully any legislation proposed that locks in the date. The theme of this is we don't trust the Prime Minister. We want something that definitely and definitively takes no deal off the table and ensures that the voting rights of all of our citizens are protected. One giveaway I'm very grateful to the leading opposition. If we, if we take him at his word, that this is the most untrustworthy government and Prime Minister wedded to doing the most evil and disastrous things to this country, can he explain to me his reticence for a general election where he has the chance to sweep us out of office? We have said all along. We want no deal off the table and since and since there is so little trust in this Prime Minister, we will agree to nothing until it's clear and concrete exactly what is being proposed and so Mr Speaker. We agree that an early election is necessary, but also seek good reason, since no general election has been held in December since 1923 mr. speaker, the Prime Minister has a bill to deliver. He has a budget to present. He has a Queen's speech which he himself told us was vital. He should, for once in his life, stick to his word and deliver. He says in his misogynistic way that people should man up a bit rich for Prime Minister, who, at every turn, refuses to face up to his responsibilities and see really breaks his promises. I. Thank my right honorable friend, for giving way, which he also agree with me that the timing of this proposed general election, not whether we have a general election, is yet another example of the art of voter suppression, ensuring students, older people, less likely to go out and vote people with disabilities less having to go out and vote. We if the Prime Minister truly believed in democracy, would behold the election when we're able to go and cast their vote. Mr. speaker, when No Deal is off the table, when the date for an election can be fixed in law and when we can ensure students are not being disenfranchised, we will back an election, so this country can get the government it needs one that will end the underfunding of our public services. One will end the privatization of our services, one that will tackle the grotesque poverty and inequality in our country created by this government and the government before it and recognizes the seriousness of the climate emergency and one that will rebuild an economy that doesn't just work for the privileged few as it all the Tory party knows about, but will build a society that ends inequality and injustice and really does give the next generation real hope and real opportunities of the kind of country and kind of world that they can live in. Mr. speaker, this Parliament is once again mr. judging the mood of the public. We were elected here to do serious things on behalf of our public. Conservative and Labour MPs alike were elected to cibrex it through three years. Four months later, there's no sign of that, and instead we have this discordant, argumentative Parliament. That would do nothing. It will not throw a government out of office and it will not allow a government to govern. We are it to the British people either to allow our government to govern or to let the British people decide on a better group of MPs who can form a government and can do positive things for our country may give way. Every constituency in my region, at the 2016 referendum, voted by a huge margin to leave the European Union, and at that time lots of constituents said to me in some of the most deprived communities of this country, that they didn't trust this Parliament to deliver it. They said we won't get it they'll. Never let us lead well, isn't the truth of it that the five conservative MPs out of ten in my region of the 10th Auckland bees might have voted to deliver. It breaks it, but it is really clear that the Labour MPs bar one or two examples across my region are never going to vote to leave the European Union, proving sadly right, my constituents who said they'll. Never let us leave mr. speaker. My honourable friend is right, but it is now about more than brexit. It is about confidence in our parliamentary system to deliver orderly government that can do things for the people or to allow the public to decide who should be a better government, because the House has no confidence in the government. This Parliament needs to put through a budget quite soon. Our economy needs a boost and we need to know whether we can have the tax cuts, as well as the spending increases, but I suspect the fears to bring a budget to this house because it thinks there will be no cooperation because he does not have a majority, and this Parliament will not allow a majority. This government has recently brought a Queen's Speech to the house. It shows a number of good measures which I do not think were ideological or conservative provocations to socialists and those of the more left-wing nature. They were chosen to build some consensus and address the issues that worry people but I. Think again. The government rightly fears that any one of those issues I've introduced would probably meet with resistance and a lack of cooperation in exactly the way we have been experiencing for all these other measures. But above all, Mr Speaker. This house needs to think what message it is sending to all our partners. Friends, allies, countries around the world. The business is our business, do business with all those contacts we have in the globe, and they see this as a great beacon of democracy, a country of great experience in the after democratic government, a country which has often led the world in putting forward those freedoms and showing how they can be for for the better lives of those who are governed by them, and instead we are sending out a message that we don't know what we're doing. We can never agree about anything that all we can do is have endless roles in this place for the entertainment, perhaps the people here, but for the denigration of our country, the undermining of its position. How can a government conduct international negotiations when everything it proposes is undermined or voted against by the opposition, because we do not have a majority and, above all, mr. speaker? How can we get to the point where this house decides it's good legislation to say that the Prime Minister has to break his promises and that they've turned that demand that he breaks his promises into something that this house calls an act of Parliament? No wonder we look ridiculous! No longer, we cannot resolve brexit. No wonder we cannot have a budget to promote our economy. No wonder we cannot govern that with aplomb in the interest of the British people. If this house cannot do better, then I think the Prime Minister is right, but it must dissolve and ask the people to choose a better Parliament either we need to be a better Parliament or they need to choose a better Parliament as soon as possible. Thank You. Mr. speaker, can I begin by thanking the European Union for granting the extension as Parliament asked for under the ban Act we are not leaving Europe and the 31st of October. As the prime minister told we could serve the party and the United Kingdom, we will be doing that. Conservative Party and the Prime Minister defeated mr. speaker once again. Mr. speaker, a general election on the terms offered by the Prime Minister are not and will not ever be acceptable to the Scottish National Party, but Mr Speaker doing nothing is not an option. The impasse cannot remain forever. We and these benches do want an election, but not with the hand that the Prime Minister is delivering, because, let's be clear what the Prime Minister promises he proposes to bring back his bad withdrawal deal. He knows that some Labour MPs will help him pass that bill, and then he would have us leave the European Union at the end of November before a general election for Scotland. That would mean we've been taken out of the European Union against her will such a proposition. It would give the Prime Minister a post brexit election, and that is simply simply something that we will not say not to. Mr. speaker, at the weekend myself and the leader of the Liberal Democrats wrote to Donald Tusk, seeking him in a film extension to article 50. That would remove the risk of no deal and give us time the continuation of the flight tent extension where the UK can leave at the end of any month in which it passes. The motion is not the complete safety and security we want. That demonstrates precisely why. If we enable this motion to pass, we will be out before the Prime Minister's election. We cannot allow the Prime Minister to railroad through this disastrous, so-called deal a deal that opens the door to a hard Bretton with us outside the single market and cite the customs union a deal that would end freedom of movement, scene, Scotland's, working population decline. That's what the Conservatives offered to the people of Scotland. The people of Scotland have made it very clear because we voted 62% to remain in the European Union. Mr. speaker, where is the respect to the people of Scotland and to our Parliament a deal after all, that leaves Scotland at the disadvantage to Northern Ireland a deal that will not have the consent of the Scottish Parliament, and let me tell the Prime Minister that that consent is required. Despite what he said at Prime. Minister's Questions ratio last week, and he must respect that that must be respected towards the Scottish problem, a deal of course that would cost each person in Scotland the content of 1600 pounds compared with EU membership and even more if no trade agreement can be reached. So today, SNP MPs will not be supporting the Prime Minister has motion. We will not be bullied by this Prime Minister. We will not play his games and we know what he doesn't want. He doesn't want to face the electorate having missed his October, the 31st deadline. He has not delivered brexit and the people know that the Prime Minister has failed and his own words. Mr. speaker, it is time for the Prime Minister to look for the nearest ditch, so we will support the Liberal Democrat proposal for an election election before brexit can happen with no reintroduction of the withdrawal agreement, because, given the way that some Labour MPs voted, we cannot trust labour to block the bill in future. It's not an issue of three days between election days. It's an issue of whether we are in the European Union or out of it. That is fundamental. We are ready for an election, but it must be on those terms not not ever on the Prime Minister's terms and mr. speaker in that election. We want to see votes for 16 and 17 year olds, and when the election comes, we will fight the Tories and brexit on the rape laws on austerity on the harm they have done to people's lives on livelihoods. And, yes, we will fight them on the right of Scotland to choose our own future rather than being dragged through. This Westminster mess I'm very grateful to the University, the leader of the SNP forgiving wait. Does that mean that if the Prime Minister were to introduce a bill tomorrow, for example, one-line bill in order to engineer a general election that the one who said that he would not be supporting that proposition? What I would say to the Labour Party that the liminal Democrats and ourselves have put forward a bill? That leaves us in control of the process that allows us to set the date for the election and I appealed to Labour MPs to come with us, because this is about leadership. Mr. speaker, it is about the opposition parties coming together and taking the keys of number 10 Downing Street away from a prime minister that we can't trust. So my message to the Labour Party is: let's feast an election. Let's do it on our Terrace. Let's make sure that we take the Prime Minister and his toxic Tory government out of office. We can do it of the opposition unite together and we can stop the deal that the Prime Minister wants to drive through it's in the hands of the Labour Party to join us and the Liberal Democrats to have courage to stand up against the Prime Minister. But what are we going to find? We find that the Labour Party want to sit on their hands, sit in their hands mr. speaker and wait for this government to deliver. He breaks it I see - the Labour Party, don't be the handmaidens of the Prime Minister's brexit put this back to the people know by coming together. You know it used to be said. It was said by Oliver Brown, a well-known Scottish nationalists that he shiver run along the labor front bench. Looking for us pain to crawl up well, mr. speaker that shiver still looking for that spine. Mr. speaker, the Scottish National Party are standing up for Scotland standing up against brexit and this Tory government, the Scottish National Party, has fought tirelessly, alongside others in this house, to prevent brexit to secure the right to revoke article 52 stock nor deal and to limit the damage. We have delivered the votes, dn and D out, but we have to be realistic and we have to be honest with the public. We have repeatedly voted for a referendum with remain on the bobbitt paper, but regrettably, there is no evidence that the majority exists in this house for a people's vote and the leader of the opposition and the Shadow Chancellor acute, and if the bill comes back that some of them MPs will back it that the bill will become law and breaks, it will happen. So the question for the Labour Party is: can they get their act together? Do they actually want to stop this? Prime minister? Do they want to stop Britain, or do they agree that it should be imposed on Scotland against her? Well, doing nothing means that this Prime Minister stays in power. It means he gets brexit done on his terms and heads party's interests, not on all our national interests. I won't give away I'm supremely grateful to the right knowledge and well I just want to go back to serve clarify something. He said earlier. He talked about his link up with the Liberal Democrats about wanting to have an election at a different date in December, and then he went on to say that that would be conditional on 16 year olds being on the ballot paper and European Union citizens can I just ask him the simple question: if there is no time to put them on, does he still back the idea of an election in early December I would simply say Mr Speaker. It is the right thing to do. There are young people have a right to have a say on their future as it is for EU Nationals? That is the principle position that we have long taken and I'm proud that my colleagues and government in Scotland have made sure when it comes to our Scottish election there, our young people and our EU citizens are given their rights. Now we want to see this happen here, but I understand the circumstances that were in that we need to make sure that an election happens on our terms. That is the priority and is the priority that we make sure that we legislate in future. There are young people that re you Nationals are given due respect, but the priority that we face in the short term is to make sure that we come together, that we can stop this damaging brexit that the Prime Minister wants to put through I'll. Give it one last time, I'll give way that I am giving way and I listen carefully to what he said about 16 17 year-olds and I certainly would be being in amendments of any bill like that and I was very interested. He said because that's what we now have the pleasure of having in Wales- and he also mentioned EU voters, but would you also agree there's an issue with overseas voters, many of whom were excluded in previous elections and also have Kirk, of course, crucial issues around spending on advertising on social media that would need to be addressed before we can be clear that any election could go forward in a safe and democratic way. The Honorable gentleman is raising issues which have been aired in this house, which he knows that we support someone but to fit. The fact of the matter is that we are any constitutional crisis and I asked this host to deflect. On one thing, we've been granted an extension by the European Union to the end of January. It is involved in not all of us that we have got to end this crisis. Time is of the essence, and if we act now in our national interests, without playing the games that the Conservatives want to, we can have that election. We can put it back to the people, and I certainly want the people in Scotland to have their say on that and crucially mr. speaker to recognize that if we want to protect our interests in Scotland that it does mean that we should not and cannot be ripped out to the European Union against their will and mr. speaker. That means that Scotland has to complete that journey, that we began with devolution 20 years ago and become an independent member. Mr. speaker, in conclusion, the SN. Well, there we are there's the message to the people of Scotland sit down and shut up, that's what we get from the Conservatives. That was absolutely load and clear, and it comes over time and time again. I will see to you this that people at home are watching this. They can see the disrespect that Shaun and the diva this Union comes to an end is fast approaching. Mr. speaker, the SNP will never not ever vote for brexit. We cannot and will not trust this Prime Minister, the Scottish National Party does not want to leave this Prime Minister with time and Parliament to do anything other than dissolve it. So we will not vote with the government tonight, but make no mistake. The Scottish National Party are ready to give people back their see, -, stop this Tory government to stop brexit and to demand the right to choose Scotland's future as an independent country, destiny in cash, Thank You. Mr. speaker, the situation is very simple. The bottom line is this: that the Labour Party is scared. The honourable gentleman, the member for stay in the chair of the European scrutiny committee and members served without interruption in this house for the last 35 years must and will be heard. Sir william cash, as I said, the the real question, the bottom line is this I heard the right honorable gentleman just now talking about disrespect. I heard the leader of the Opposition talking about trust. What those who are either abstaining or voting against this motion are doing is utterly disrespectful to their own. Constituents is utterly disrespectful to our democratic system. They are not trusting the people, they are not removing the uncertainty. They are not allowing the British people the democratic right that they have to choose the members of parliament in individual constituencies that they wish to elect. That is a denial of democracy. That is what the leader of the Opposition and the right honourable gentleman, whose just spoken are doing. It is completely and totally unacceptable whether there are remaining or whether they are leavers. The Democratic right of the British people is to have a general election in the situation that we are in now. Yes, certainly, we should be supporting leaving the European Union, but for those who are remain as they to have the right to vote and that is being denied to them by the leader of the opposition and buy every single Labour Member of Parliament and others brought either. Abstaining. All who are voting against this motion today is a total denial of democracy and when it comes to the general election, I trust that the people who know why they've been denied it vote against those members of parliament to make sure that they themselves see the damage that they've done through our democratic system. Thank You mr. speaker, the Liberal Democrats, want to stop breaks. It I appreciate that there are different views on different sides of the house and that matter, but I hope people will appreciate that at least the Liberal Democrats have been consistent on wanting to stop breaks that throughout this process, I will go and I will give way. We believe the best way to do this is to put a specific brexit deal to the public. For a final say, in a people's three and a half years, we stood in a 2017 election in a manifesto that argued for a people's vote and 17 times in this house. We have laid amendments for a people's vote, including last week, an amendment to the Queen's Speech and the opposition. Their official opposition have refused to back wholeheartedly our people's vote and, in fact, 19 Labour MPs voted for the Prime Minister's deal last remaining in the EU and of stopping brixon. The Labour Party have not delivered, but so far the house has not yet backed those insufficient numbers. I will give way to the order I'm very grateful. Actually, not all of our MPs have always been so equipped unequivocal on this, because the Honourable Memphis Streatham voted in favor of article 50, or we never tells the house that when I voted against it, but but can I just ask her why she believes using an electoral system which her party and indeed I, have her party has always thought, does not deliver a fair result ie through a general election to solve this issue. Rather than sticking to the point that we should be seeking a referendum on this issue, otherwise she could end up delivering a hard breakfast on only 38 percent of the vote. Not 51% I'm always welcome any converts to the cause of electoral reform supporters. This. This is an issue where we are looking for the best way to protect our constituents and to protect our place in the European. Union should not hit themselves that by hanging on that, there is somehow going to be a different outcome because the reality and responding to the previous question, because the reality of the situation is this, we have secured an extension to article 52, the 31st of January. It was not automatic, it was not guaranteed and it was not given by return of email. It was deliberated over. It was agonized over by our EU friends, and certain members of the EU were pushing very hard for there to be a very short extension of article 50 and they said very clearly that there needed to be a clear purpose for article 50. So if the House of Commons, you can make it clear that the purpose would be to have a people's vote. I would be delighted. We have been campaigning for this for three and a half years, and this afternoon, I have tabled at the table office an early day motion calling again for ugly world. If mp's really want to demonstrate that the numbers are now there go to the table office and sign it, give me wishful thinking. The numbers are there: when the real risk is, we could crash out on the 31st of January instead of the 31st of October, and that is no better I. Give you a terrible, terrible friend forgiving way. If the election goes ahead and she is successful in stopping votes it would she shared government with the leader of the Opposition, because I don't see how else it would work I've been very clear that I do not believe the leader of the Opposition or the Prime Minister are the right people to be in our government and to be using the country general election I will go to the country and make my place that we should have a article 50 on Dave. We need to see the path forward and if it is not going to be through a people's vote, if there is not the support for a people's vote in this Parliament, then we need to look at the other way to do that and right now. That is through having a general election grateful to be on valet, be forgiving way. Noble. Lady knows that I was a founding member of the people's vote and she knows the cost that I and many others have paid for our beliefs at a time when it was certainly not popular and fashionable to say that. But she also knows because of the meetings that she's attended, that there is no doubt that across this house there is a majority at the right moment for that confirmatory referendum, and does she agree with me? Well, the honorable gentlemen, who hasn't attended those meetings obviously hasn't been improved. Who would she not now understand and consider this? The best way forward now is to allow that process to continue, because it is obvious that that moment is coming when there will finally be that majority for a people's vote and that she's pre-empting that and nobody needs to be told, especially not me and others who've been so courageous and brave and I pay tribute to them. This is not the time for a general election, but it is the time for a people's vote and it's within our grasp. My right, honourable friend and I have worked together well on the people's vote campaign and I pay tribute to the courageous decision that she took earlier this year to leave her party and the work that she's done in this campaign, but I think to her I dearly wish. It were the case that we were at a majority situation for a people's vote, and if we are then MPs can sign the motion and demonstrate the NIH's. The case exception for this particular EDF. In the absence of that support being clearly demonstrated, then we have to act. We cannot just wait, because my fear is that either the government pushes ahead with their withdraw bill and it is delivered and delivers brakes get on the back of labour votes or that we end up in January a couple of weeks away from the deadline of crashing out without a deal and find ourselves in the same for carriers position. But that time the EU say I'm. Sorry, we've extended we've extended again and we cannot keep doing so if you do not find a path to resolve. Why, in the absence of those numbers, I want to make some progress in the absence of those numbers for our peoples vote, the way forward now is to have an election, but to do so responsibly, not letting the Prime Minister forced through his bad breaks. It deal in a small number of days without proper scrutiny, which is what his plan is and why we will not support his motion tonight, because we know that the Prime Minister's breaks that deal would be bad for workers rights, bad for environment, which actions bad for the economy, bad for jobs, but for our public services, bad for our security and bad for our United Kingdom, and it should not be left up to them to have carte blanche to set the date of the election after the House of Commons has dissolved, because we cannot trust what the Prime Minister says: I'm, making some progress. We cannot trust what the Prime Minister says and we would have no guarantee that he would not be trying to crush us out of the European Union. He said he would have broke Parliament. He did. He said he wouldn't send the letter to request an extension article 50, and he did so. We cannot trust what the Prime Minister is why the plan that we have put forward with the Scottish National Party for a general election on the 9th of December is a plan where we have no deal taken off the table with the extension to article 50. We have no withdrawal agreement filled and there is no wriggle room for the Prime Minister on the date and we have worked together on a cross-party based, listen, we don't agree on everything, but we do agree. We want to stop breaks it and we have worked together, and that has been important because the European Union had not granted that extension on Friday when they said they might, and our EU friends tell us that the letter and the bill that were published were instrumental in making sure they were able to grant that extension. I'll give way, and she set out three conditions: I noted vocally and the leader of the SP points out the issue about 16 17 year-olds, getting the votes in such a situation also EU and electors overseas voters and a number of other issues. Does she support and efforts to ensure those things were attached to any election, and would she support a bill that didn't guarantee that those rights to vote were respected and available? I think I do count them as a friend, my honourable friend, for that intervention, and we have also worked together well on the people's votes campaign and I. Welcome the cross party nature of that work. I have campaigned for votes of 16 from the moment that I came into this house. We have votes of 16 for most elections in Scotland, it works well, the sky hasn't fallen in and I think that those should be introduced for elections across the house and across all different elections. What I would say to my other friend is that the worst thing we could do for 16 and 17 year olds is to crash out and to leave the European Union. We are in a situation where there is no guarantee of an extension beyond the 31st of January, and we need to do everything we can to stop Briggs there and if that means, and an election to stop break set to protect the rights of those 16 and 17 year old. We need to deliver that because leaving the European Union is the thing that will wreck the future of young people I've given away plenty of times the Prime Minister and the leader of the Opposition say that they want a general election. If that is the case, and they are not just playing games, then the government will give time for the bill that we have published and the leader of the Opposition will ask his MPs to support it and I relish the opportunity to take both of them on in a general election and share with the country, the Liberal Democrat, positive vision to stop brexit and of brighter future Steve. Double very much mr. speaker and I'm tied to make a short contribution to this very important debate. I will be supporting the motion tonight because it's absolutely clear to me that the only way out of this current situation is a general election. This house is in stalemate were in lockdown. We cannot move forward a brexit. We cannot move forward with anything else, and that is not good for the country. It's not good for the businesses in our country who are fed up with the uncertainty and the challenges are there facing and want to know what the way forward is, and it is not good for our democracy, the current state of this house, but there is another reason why I believe it is essential that we have an election as soon as possible, because I believe that, in the eyes of many voters across this country, this house has lost all legitimacy to sit. It has lost the trust of the British people that they invested in it in 2017, and that is because shall we start with the Liberal Democrats? Oh I know what the right honourable lady said about an election manifesto for a second referendum and I know. The Liberal Democrats only have a passing acquaintance with keeping manifesto promises, but at least half of the members of the Liberal Democrats who currently sit in this house were elected on a manifesto to respect the referendum and deliver brexit, and they have done. They have switched parties without any reference to their constituents. Their constituents voted for an MP to represent them as a member of a party to deliver brexit and those constituents have had no say they have not been consulted in the change of position that those MPs now had I will happily give away my concern that many young people were duped on tuition fees and then the horse trader went on in coalition. There was no straight answer about who they would prop up in the next coalition. They are milking that 16 or 17 year old vote, because they're promising a future one that they don't necessarily intend to deliver like they never delivered on tuition fees. I'm very grateful to my uncle friend for the intervention. I agree with her whole heartily. I would also add that I don't believe it's the case that Liberal Democrats have always held the position of wanting a second referendum, because I distinctly remember after the referendum in 2016, the Liberal Democrat after Liberal Democrat coming on the media and saying we must respect the outcome of the referendum. We must deliver this outcome and so I don't believe it's always been their position. But what I would also say, mr. speaker, is that just under 600 members of this house were elected in 2017 on a clear commitment to respect the referendum and deliver brexit, and it is a start, sad reflection on our on our democracy and on politics in this country today that, as we sit tonight as far as I can make out, there are only about 300 members of this house who are committed to that end. Over half of the MPs who were elected to deliver on the referendum have renamed on that promise. Since the 2017 term election, this house does not reflect any longer what people voted for in 2017 people voted for, something they thought they were going to get and as it stands right now, they're not getting what they voted for and I'll give way to the orogenic giving way. What do you say? The state is sad state of democracy in our country. Then, when we go around the world and say United Kingdom stands for respecting democracy, a rule of law, then they say to us: will you add a referendum in your country where the majority of people want you to leave and your pal, but will not deliver that so quite clearly, not being able to deliver on that result quite clearly shows that it weakens our position that around the world for pushing for democracy. I'm. Very grateful in that. My honourable friend makes a very good point of which I know he has a great deal of experience and knowledge. The the eyes of the world are looking on this place and seeing if we will be true to what we said, we would do that if we would respect what the voters told us to do, and I will give way to my friends grateful he talks about members of parliament being elected at the last election on a promise of delivering Gregson and reneging on that promise. When the withdrawal agreement bill came before its second reading, did he notice that 217 Labour MPs voted against the second reading? Had they voted for it? They could have then amended it in the way that they wish to see it going, but they actually voted to stop Renzi, and my older friend again makes a very good point and and I would say to the boy under a gentleman the leader of the Opposition, that if he wants to take no deal off the table, there are two very simple ways to do that either vote for a deal and let's secure a a smooth exit from the European Union or vote for a general election, and if he wins it, he can then take no deer off the table and the fact that he won't support a general election I believe betrays the real reason why labour won't support an election is because they're afraid of the British people, they're afraid of what voters will vote for they're, afraid they will lose seats and we will be in government and so Mr, Speaker, I, say I will be supporting this motion tonight, because I believe, sadly, that this house has lost all legitimacy. We have lost the trust of the British people and the only way to recover that is to have an election - for this house to be dissolved as soon as possible to have an election and let the British people elect a parliament that they can trust to represent them. Sammy Wilson. Mr. speaker, the Prime Minister, has claimed that anyone who does not support his demand for an early election as first of all trying to stop brexit and, secondly, is running scared of the electorate and I say. Mr. speaker, we will not be supporting this motion tonight, but not because we are scared of the electorate. In fact, I can tell you the electorate, the unionist electorate and Northern Ireland are so angry, so despairing, so bewildered at the way in which the Prime Minister has broken his promises to the people of Northern Ireland that they would return a hundred DUP MP's if they had the option but and so we're not scared of a general election. And secondly, we are not that we are not trying to stop practicing. In fact, there has been no whipping pillory than this vice because we have been seen to be some of the the most determined people to deliver brexit. But that's the practicum that we have an offer is not a brexit for the United Kingdom, it's a brexit for part of the United Kingdom. It leaves Northern Ireland still within the single market. It leaves Northern Ireland still under the customs code of the EU. It means that there are any Goods coming into Northern. Ireland from GP will be subject to customs checks, to customs declarations to tariffs. That means that when we send goods to another part of our own country, we've got the same export declaration, Salou, all of which are costs and delays to the Lea cut. The economy of Northern Ireland will put a huge imposition on small firms. Thousands of small firms that currently trade freely with the rest, the United Kingdom and suddenly will find themselves having to treat the country to which they belong. As a third country when it comes to trade and despite what the Prime Minister has said, the withdrawal agreement makes it quite clear that we will not be able to take part in things which are country. Things does with other parts of the world if they, if they do, if they go against the protocols of the air within the agreement way. Yes, I. Thank my honourable friend forget anyway, but mountable friend agree that the issues between the additional bureaucracy for business between Northern Ireland and Great, Britain and Great, Britain and Northern Ireland, is all the more stark. When you look at the statistics, which show that Northern Ireland creates more with Great Britain than with the Republic of Ireland. The European Union and the rest of the world put together so to put a barrier to our biggest market by far, is hugely significant for the economy of Northern Ireland and the numbers right, but sometimes sophistic can go over the top of people's heads. But oh, let's also bear in mind that a goose took me against the promises that were made by both the former prime minister and the current prime minister. That we know impediments of trade between our part of the United Kingdom and GB, and also that there would be no danger of the Union being imperiled and I will give way. Yes, this dreadful border down the Irish Sea would be avoided if the whole of the United Kingdom left the customs union and left the single market, which I think his party has always supported. But now the Prime Minister has gone back on. They had to and abandoned that would his party be prepared to accept the entire of the United Kingdom during the transition period staying in the customs union and staying in the single market, leaving the whole thing to be negotiated over the next two or three years during the transition period. That would rescue posture from this absurd position, which is proposed. Putting these barriers between Northern Ireland and the rest of the United Kingdom pause it and, of course the member will know that it's only half of the answer, because we're still left under this agreement within the rules of the single market still subject to the European Court of Justice, making adjudication about whether or not we have heared adhere those rules and still subject to the EU being able to deny the United Kingdom government in importing changes which are made in the law here in Westminster to Northern Ireland. So, mr. speaker, there are very good reasons why we oppose this deal and the motion before us tonight does not offer any hope of any change. In fact, of anything, it's the Prime Minister, the Prime Minister is quite openly say and by the way I know, I want Democratic winners party MPs to vote for the accelerated passage of the bill, which would facilitate this agreement, which would have such detrimental effects on Northern Ireland. We don't want to have accelerated passage. We don't want to have 24-hour scrutiny. We want to make sure that there is nothing happens in this house which enables the Prime Minister to deliver on a deal what he promised he would never ever do, and the second thing, of course, is that if he gets this general election, as he made clear to me my own low friend from North Antrim, what platform will he be standing on? What mum dick will he be seeking? What what strategy will he be putting forward in our election? What will be his manifesto that he wants to come back here with majority to deliver the death deal to the Union in Northern Ireland? No, that's an offer accelerated passage of a bill which would facilitate this agreement and an election which the Prime Minister would use to justify breaking his promises to the people of Northern. That's an offer which we can refuse and we'll be quite happy to refuse, because once we want to see brexit delivered, we want to see it delivered for the whole of the United Kingdom. We want to see it delivered in the form that the Prime three times- art well twice, but the kids in 93rd time, but twice full at four in this place, and we will not be prepared to facilitate them moving the goal posts affecting Northern Ireland this way, and for that reason, whilst we do not fear it an election, why, if you want to see brexit delivered if it's not going to be delivered for the whole of the United Kingdom, then I. Don't think that anyone in this house could possibly condemn us for standing up for our constituents, our constituents, who will be damaged economically, our constituents who will be damaged constitutionally. Yes, I'm, very grateful the honourable gentlemen. The Honorable Jeff has been extremely generous. Can I just put it to him that if we were to have a general election, that would simply be a de facto referendum. Part two, because there would be no other subject under debate during that general election. But this issue of brixon, and would that not be an absolute dereliction of our duty? Were we to allow something as important as a general election to be hijacked and simply be a weak assets version of another referendum? Well, of course, some hours time to draw me them, of course, that this should be decided by a second referendum. I, don't believe it should be decided by a second referendum, because because of course, the first referendum has not been delivered on and we want to see the first referendum delivered on. We want to see it delivered for the United Kingdom at one last point I want to make mr. speaker, but it's just. Let me make this point first of all now give way. One last point I want to make. The argument has been put forward here tonight that we need a general a general election, because this is now become a zombie Parliament. The government can't get any business through. We have. We are not records. We do not want to see the United Kingdom on governor bowl and indeed the reason why we voted with the government in the Queen's Speech last week was because we wanted to see that the government had a program to get through. We wanted to give that support. We do not want to see the United Kingdom miron government, but the one we don't we're not prepared to do is to see the United Kingdom divided to see the Union destroyed and that's why we cannot take part and give support to this book tonight. Don't give way to would it be a way through if the government went to Brussels now and said they would like to initiate free trade talks immediately so that we could leave with no tyrunt's of new barriers if they agree to such talks, rather than signing the withdrawal agreement. You know this. This is one of the suggestions that the Prime Minister I know we're wandering a bit from the MOOCs in here, Mr, Speaker, I, hope, you'll like me, and tells me just answer the point. This is one of the arguments of the Prime Minister's put forward that. Surely all of this will just disappear if and when we have a free trade arrangement, but the the withdrawal agreement makes it very clear under an article thing, it's already at 15 and it 15 8 and 13 8, but even with a free trade arrangement that there is still- and this would happen- agree with the EU. So they have a veto so much for the claim that we've got sovereignty back, that the the EU could have a free trade arrangement which would still leave Northern Ireland fully or in part within the protocols in the agreement. So whilst I would love to you, I would love to think that that would be a way out and we'd love to see that that would be a way out. Unfortunately, the agreement which the Prime Minister signed does not allow it to be a way out yet another reason why we've got to get this right and yet another reason why we don't believe that the bidding scrutinising accelerating the passage of this bill through the eyes and then a general election to get a man yet to implement. That is correct. The German has completed his speech and mr. Roger Levin's the speaker only one to speak briefly on this matter, because it's an Alice in Wonderland politics that we find ourselves in today, I'm in my 28th year in Parliament and I've, never seen anything that also so incredible as I have. Since the British people voted in 2016 to leave the European Union, we gave them that contract and I know that project fear didn't quite work and they didn't quite weren't scared enough to vote to remain in. They actually said. No, we we've heard what everybody has said is going to happen that the sky would fall in, but we're still prepared to vote to leave the European and because I think in many cases they did just didn't simply believe some of the scare stories that they were told. Of course. That give way does he agree with me? It's not just people that voted to leave, but people like me who voted to remain, who want this done? Yeah, absolutely and I've. Just done a two-day tour around my constituency last Friday and Saturday and I spoke to a number of people. There were three hard-core remain errs, who would almost do anything to remain in the European Union, but the vast majority of people who come up to me in the rebel Valley say I either voted leave, get on with it and they're quite angry, actually quite angry that we have left the European Union yet and then there are others who say: I voted remain, but I can't believe that we're still in the European Union I'm, a Democrat I actually believe in democracy, and when we have a referendum, we actually believe in carrying out the wishes of that referendum, and we all remember what was written on the back of that pamphlet. It said that we would follow the instructions of the British people in that referendum and even better than that, of course, is we had a general election in 2017 in general election. We said that we would deliver Rexach the Labour Party stood in that general election and said they would deliver brexit. But what do we find ever since that general election we have seen differ and delay differ and to make anything anything but vote for the brexit that they promised it was either not the right deal or we've got to have no deal taken off the table. Well, we had an opportunity last week to take no deal off the table, and that was the possibility that the Labour Party could have actually fulfilled their promise of that general election two years ago and voted for the deal that the Prime Minister brought back from Brussels. But no vast majority of the Labour MPs voted against second readings and what that meant was they didn't want it to go any further. There was no possibility of them amending that legislation to have a customs union to get workers rights to get higher environmental standards. No, they decided they wanted to stop greg's it in its tracks and that's why they voted against the second reading. At least only 19 of them voted to give it a second reading and I would say that in my constituency in the river valley, it's in the heart of Lancashire, in fact, by an OS map. One of my villages is actually in the very centre of the United Kingdom. My constituency voted 57 percent to leave the European Union every constituency in Lancashire, whether they have a Labour MP or a Conservative MP gratefully. We don't have any live Dems in Lancashire. They all voted to leave the European Union, and so what I would say is that what we're doing tonight- and it's quite remarkable- the Labour Party- said that they would deliver breaks in and out. They clearly are not doing that. They then he says they then said that they wanted more time to scrutinize the withdrawal agreement bill, even though the vast majority of them voted against the going any further. They wanted more time, and so tonight we're offering them more time. They then say they want an early general election. Well, the way they get an early general election is by voting pause. The motion. Tonight they get more time to scrutinize the withdrawal agreement bill, so at least they'll fulfil part of their promise two years ago and then they'll get there early general election on December the 12th, whereby then they can put forward the program that they wish and see where the people go. On the other hand, we've got the Scot Nats Scot NAT, who basically at least they're saying December the night. They don't want to deliver grexit. They never have, but nonetheless they're being consistent on that all I would say to them, and we hear all time and time again, the Scotland voted not to leave the European Union more than a million Scots voted to leave the European Union, there's no reaching out to those million Scots more people voted to leave the European Union in Scotland than voted for the Scottish National Party, where that goes there and then the Lib Dems. They just want to revoke article 58. That's all they wanted to revoke article 50 they're called the Liberal Democrats I, don't know which aspect over the Liberal Democrats are democratic because we had a referendum. The people said they. What wanted to leave and that's not being fulfilled I'll, give away to the Rica I. Thank my honourable friend as far as I understand it. The right honourable lady, the leader of the Liberal Democrats, did say that if we had a second referendum, she might not agree with its result and I wonder whether that's true that was a previous position, but we're in an even more bizarre position with the Labour Party, because they say if they win the election, they will go to Brussels and renegotiate Briggs's then put that to the British people in a second referendum and campaign against the dealy just negotiating I. Think that is the motion Alice in Wonderland politics that I have seen in 28 years, and now we have an opposition that has been calling for an early general election running scared. The last thing they want to do is face the electorate and, quite frankly, I can see why. My gauge speaker, we are apparently approaching the season of goodwill, and we are supposed to have Christmas parties in our primary schools, and we are all supposed to wish each other or season's greetings. I do hope that people who want a season of goodwill have not been watching these exchanges today they say that people who are turkeys don't vote for an early Christmas. That is probably true, but it's also apparent that some people have been on chicken runs from one constituency to another, and it seems to me, though, I'm standing in Ilford self I'm not running anywhere I'm standing for my own constituency. Thank you very much, I'll give one. Yes, the Honourable member I wonder whether he was referring to former members of the independent group. When he said they were on the chicken running from one constituency to another, the people who are doing it- and perhaps you will do it- know who they are I'm not going. It seems to me the only way we are going to end this rancorous divisive politics is to be realistic if there is a general election and a party gets a big majority by polling, 35 or 40 percent of the votes. That will still leave a majority in this country extremely unhappy with the outcome and given that a referendum, in my view, a misguided referendum, an advisory referendum, but nevertheless a referendum that the former Prime Minister, David Cameron said, would be binding, and then he made his reckless gamble and then ran away and gave his successors the mess to clear up that referendum got us into the mess. The only way we will be able to have closure in this country is by putting and withdrawal agreements subject to a confirmatory vote by the people and legislating this time that that referendum is legally binding and unambiguously so and in I could wake young with the Tillman bank to give way. Isn't it somewhat ironic that were now being offered the third general election since the referendum and no sight of a confirmatory referendum? Absolutely right? They there is a dire need for us to think about the long-term consequences. If 16 and 17 year, olds, 16 and 17 year olds are not allowed to have the votes. That generation will be extremely unhappy for many years to come. I think we also need to look at the aspects which has not been mentioned. The DCMS Select Committee highlighted the problems we have with social media and the way in which it is involved in election campaigning. Any election that we hold in a few weeks time will not be properly regulated and will be open to abuse. Yes, I, give way to the regretful. To the humble gentlemen. I was going to raise the very point that he has just raised, and is it a fact that we need new legislation on both data and on electoral law to ensure that any future election, it's not is not interfered with by people who committed criminal offences. I congratulate the Honourable member on racing that he has done a fantastic job in highlighting the issue in this house and I wish him well for the future. Mr. Speaker I will conclude there there. Mr. Jolley, up there Thank You mr. speaker, I supported, remain in the referendum. My constituents voted to leave. My country voted to leave the mandate and instructions that I have, as a member of this house are clear and each and every one of us had that same instruction, and we should execute it and do the right thing. It is clear this house is an active impasse on this side. The house members want to get brexit done and move forward on that side of the house. Members want to cancel or exit and go back into the European Union. This impasse can only be solved in one way in one way, and that is by the people in a general election to make the final determination, and that is why I will be supporting a general election tonight, and so should each and every one of us order order under the standing order. I must now put the question. The question is that there shall be an early parliamentary general election as well, as our third opinion, say, aye of the country, No division, clear, the lobby order. The question is that there shall be an early parliamentary general election as Minister that I didn't say: I of the country no and tell us for the eyes. Colin Clark and David Rutley tell us for the nose, BAM boss, Charl Ambus and Jeff Smith Oh or dice the right 299, the news to the left, 70 the eyes to the right 299 to the nose to the left 70 to the eyes of it. The eyes have it the eyes, have it, but the motion is not obtained. The majority required under the fixed term, Parliament's, Act, 2011, and because the recorder coming to the read Hamilton, because the majority required has not been reached, the noes have it point of order. The Prime Minister, the leader of the operation, literally and figuratively, has run away from the judgment of the people for the third time mr. speaker he's turned down our offer to get brexit done. It's final, the fact that he and every member of his party have stood on a promise to deliver brexit in this Parliament and I think, frankly, that the electorate will find his behavior utterly bewildering. But, as I said, we're moving the motion, we will not allow this paralysis to continue in one way or another. We must proceed straight to an election so later on this evening, the government will give notice of presentation for a short bill for an election on the 12th of December, so that we can finally get brexit done, and this is there is no support in that in the house, and we've heard earlier on from the benches opposite for the web to proceed, but Mr Speaker. This house cannot any longer keep this country hostage. Millions of families and businesses cannot plan for the future and and I, don't believe that this paralysis and this stagnation should be allowed to continue. Now that no deal is off the table, we have a great new deal. We have a great new deal and it's time for the voters to have a chance to pronounce on that deal and turan to replace this dysfunctional Parliament with a new Parliament that can get brexit done, so the country can move on. We new owner mr. Ian Blackburn, Thank You mr. speaker, I'm most grateful. It is clear that it is the desire and the opposition benches to bring forward a bill that can give us an election but Mr Speaker. We don't trust this Prime Minister and we don't trust this Prime Minister for boobies, so the Prime Minister, if he is going to bring forward a bill, must give a absolute cast-iron assurance that up until the passage of that bill on the rising of Parliament, that there'll be no attempt to bring forward the withdrawal agreement and, of course the SNP will do its job and scrutinize any bill that comes forward. But it's absolutely demonstrably the case that we want an election. We want the people of Scotland to be given the opportunity to have their seat election mr. speaker on the right of these Scottish people to determine their own future here here and that we will not, under any circumstances, consent to be taken out of the European Union against our will and that election campaign will make it clear that the right to determine our future will be in the hands of the Scottish people. Thank you point of order. The father of the house, mr. Kenneth claw mr. speaker, we've had a just had an hour and a half of a slightly I have a controlled, Student, Union debate and it sounds like we might have a rather similar classical performance tomorrow. Is there any chance, mr. speaker, review as the chair has persuade to persuade the usual channels to resume their meetings and produce a sensible timetable for the bill we have before us? This house can resume discussion would be serious manners in a grown-up pattern and come to a resolution on the deal which, personally I repeat, I will vote for if it reaches third reading as I think it will, and it could well be that we could get back to the orderly government, which I think the general public are dearly wishing. We would rapidly do well no to what the father of the house has said and I'm certainly open to any such discussions, but it does require willing participants and it remains to be seen with the passage of time, whether that be sir but I, think everybody will be attentive on this occasion as on every other, to what, on the basis of forty-nine years, experience in the house above the house has had to say to us a point of order. Mr. Jeremy Corbyn Thank You mr. speaker I apologize to you and to the prime minister for not being here at the point when he raised his point of order. I was detained outside the chamber I'm now back here, I understand, I understand a bill will be tabled tomorrow. We will obviously look and scrutinize that bill and we look forward to a clear, definitive decision that no deal is absolutely off the table and there is no danger of this Prime Minister not sticking to his word, because he has some form on these matters and taking this country out of the EU without any deal whatsoever. Knowing the damage it will do to jobs and industries all across this country. That point stands in its own right point award, I, think on a completely unrelated matter: boy Nevada, mr. Steven, Doughty, Thank, You mr. speaker and, as you know, I believe in correcting things when I get things wrong and I want to apologize to the vulnerable moment for East Yorkshire, very honorable gentleman and for incorrectly referencing his seat. In my points of order, earlier on to the prime minister I understand, he has in fact been reared opted by his association and I want to apologize him for mistaking his seat for another and for that I truly apologize to him. Typically, gracious of the honourable gentle and typically gracious of the honourable gentleman and I I have a sense that it will be accepted readily. But let's hear a response in the form of a point of order from sir Gregory Knight that point of order. Mr. speaker, I, accept the very gracious comments just made will be to the right honourable gentleman order. If there are no further points, water park will now proceed to read the orders of the day environment bill. Second, reading order order before I invite we're City of a minister named mere Minister, the Secretary of State to move the second reading. I must announce my decision on certification for the purposes of standing order, number 83 J with which I'm sure colleagues are keenly familiar, certification of bills, etc, as relating exclusively to England or Wales England for England and Wales, and being within devolve legislative competence on the basis of material put before me. I said to by that, in my opinion, was his 1 to 1823 52 78 84 88 to 121 of the environment and schedules 15 to 19 to the bill relate exclusively to England or matters within develop legislative competence as defined in standing order. Number 83, J and I know. Colleagues are keenly hanging upon this clauses. 56 61, 63, 65, 73 to 75, 77 and 86 of the environment bill and schedule. 11 to the bill relate exclusively to angle in a world. What matters with interval intercept of competence, as defined in standing order, number 83, J order. The secretary of state to move the second reading, Thank You mr. speaker, I'd, make to move that the bill now be read a second time. Mr. speaker, this is a government which recognizes the profound importance of the great environmental challenges of our time. We are the first government to set the goal that this generation should leave the natural environment in a better state than it was bequeathed to us- and this is the first government to make a legally binding commitment to become a net zero carbon economy. We've can't greenhouse gas emissions by 25 percent since we returned to office whilst growing the economy at the same time, and we've pledged more funds than ever before to help the developing world, reverse the decline of nature and tackle climate change. We are determined to respond to the grave public concern about these threats, so a new cabinet committee will coordinate work on climate change across government under the chairmanship of the prime minister. Our action is guided by the mounting scientific evidence of the inextricable link between climate and nature. Wildlife habitats are crucially are crucial. Carbon storage systems protecting those forests, peatlands and natural open spaces is vital if we are to have any chance of averting disastrous climate change and I give way to the Honorable gentleman I found the secretary state forgiving Wade. She confirmed that his government policy, that only in extenuating circumstances should Greenbelt be built upon and the devastating proposals to build on the green belt in Radcliff, Unsworth and semester in my constituency will devastate entire Greenbelt areas and completely destroy the character of the village of sinister. Does she agree? This is not acceptable in any community agree that the it is vital that we protect our green belt that and all green belt rules are operated by, and this government is absolutely determined to defend the green belt as part of our environment I'm very grateful to ba right. Honourable frame. This is a very welcome bill and it builds upon much good work that the government's already have, which he recognized, though, that in in suburban parts of London like hers of mine, there remains a concern about particulate pollutions and will she look as the bill makes progress to see what more we can do to strengthen the fight against particular pollution, in particular, for example, by seeking to strengthen our commitment to joining the w-h-o guidelines on particular pollutant by 2030? Well, he will be aware that Clause 2 sets out the ambition to set a legally binding target on fine particulate pollution. Responding to exactly the sort of concerns of my right, honourable friends and his constituents, and indeed mine in Chipping wallet, very, very grateful to my right. Honourable friend. Planting more trees would make a great contribution to a more beautiful environment and have other good consequences. Can she say little about how this can be done and can some of them come to Woking and while the the government involved planting about 15 million trees, but we're determined to ensure that we expand that program because, of course, trees are crucial. Storage mechanisms for carbon and we'll never get to Net Zero unless we plant a lot more constituents who, like me care about nature, are absolutely delighted with this bill and I'm thrilled to be able to support it, particularly for rural communities who are blighted by fly-tipping. But will she just watch out for the water abstraction element? It seems uncharacteristically mean in that I'm grateful to the Honorable member face praised for the determination expressed in the bill to protect nature and reverse the decline in biodiversity, and we will listen Nathalie to his concerns and his constituents concerns about water abstraction to make sure that the bill provisions are implemented in a way which is sensible, proportionate I. Thank the Honourable lady, my own girlfriend for giving away my rice, warmer and forgiving way. So Windsor is a beautiful constituency with a lot of active people campaigning around the environment, but one of our biggest bugbears is Heathrow Airport and any expansion of the airport. Can she can confirm to me that this bill contains measures that could well have an impact on Heathrow's ability to expand, given the fine particulates? Well, certainly, it will be vital if, if the expansion program at Heathrow goes ahead for it to comply with the exacting environmental requirements that have already been placed on that expansion program and naturally enough, it will also have to comply with any new requirements introduced as a result of meeting the target on fine particulate pollution that to which we are committed. I, give way to the Honourable gentleman Thank You mr. forgiving way, Minister that wall I've got the briefs from they cover, say the lands and and various other copies saved bodies. As well and they're very clear what they're saying they said they could retain a piece of great beauty and a habitat for white lake. But it's also a piece of work and home to millions of people. Has government been able to ensure that the farming community, those who own the land look after lon and of Minister for years, could continue to do so and that they they will not be definitely a fact that by any legislation will come to the support they sell. And we believe that the way that we can support farmers in the environmental stewardship that they carry out in caring for our natural environment is through our replacements for the Common Agricultural Policy, which will allow us to go further and faster in providing support for farmers conducting the crucially important role that they have in protecting our natural environment. I'd. Give way to the Honorable gentleman sure forgive him, I might like everybody's constituents here, including mine in getting this bill, is very important. It's got a lot of very welcome measures in it can I just urge the Secretary of State in if we are to have an election or not over the next few weeks, so look at what can be done to preserve many of the important things that are contained within the bill, so they're not lost I know that's a matter of process, but it's extremely important to all of us in our constituents. Thank you. Well. I agree that this landmark legislation needs to continue when what, at whatever point, Parliament dissolves for a general election I think it is vital that this bill comes back to the house as soon as possible to ensure that we can embed into legislation the important protections that it includes. I'll take one more point and then I'll make some progress. Yes, very grateful to sexy State for giving away. I was encouraged by her answer. An heater I just wondered if she still agreed, because she and I were on the same side of this argument for many years. Her quote from 2017. This is a hugely expensive projects and one that will create significant economic damage. Her constituents and my constituents agree. Would she does she still agree with those words today? Well, as the other lady has pointed out, my reservations about the heathrow project on record for everyone to read. The fact is that the house is voted by a large majority to give outline planning permission to this project, I'm afraid it's now for the scheme promoters to demonstrate that they can come up with a scheme which meets the exacting conditions on the environment, which Parliament has set I'm very grateful to my right arm or friends for allowing me to intervene. I, like many members of this house and one of the team of species champions each representing an individual species that is in some way endangered in this country. Does she agree with me that it's very important as we tackle the housing challenge, that the United Kingdom faces, that we ensure that developers build houses, create estates in a way that is sustainable for the surrounding countryside and in particular, allows those moving into those areas to live side by side with the nature in the neighboring area? Otherwise, we'll lose more of the species are so valuable to us he's absolutely right, and that is a core aim of this bill to make sure that we can deliver the homes that we need. You know do you know how much water the tankers? The cranes carry thanks. Yes, 26:50 the fire. Hawks have a thousand.