I think beyond related to her question, exactly I cannot speak for procurement of other departments, but I can reassure that in my new role, I take how we do procurement with who and how we will manage those contracts. Extremely seriously here are been CERN in London. Some militants and veterans are eligible for free travel and dead. The veterans good secretary travel scheme are in Greater Manchester. All service veterans don't have the benefit of travelling free on public transport all year round transport in default power and after years of service I believe our veterans should be afforded gold standard of treatment on our transport network. What discussions have the minister had with the mayor of Greater Manchester on this verse, Thank You mr. speaker, I've not had any discussions with the mayor of Greater Manchester on this issues. Transports devolved to the great amounts to authorities for them to decide, however, as the support of the Armed Forces covenant, transport from Greater Manchester provides free travel on Metrolink for our veterans on important days, such as Remembrance Sunday, but I am, of course, happy to meet the mayor to discuss this further. Mrs. Ellen Goodman speaker I met some veterans from the Far East in the 1950 days and they impressed upon me the grace unfairness of the fact that some of them would serve for 15 years. Well, the government changed the rule against people who served before 1975 after circa 22 years to get support pension so in respect of pensions, pre 1975, it's been a long-standing convention that lies with the Treasury, and it is simply, we simply do not have the resources to backdate that previously, as has always been the case with pensions across the Bible it sector you. Mr. speaker, the recent attack on the Saudi oil facility was carried out using small pilotless drones capable of flying hundreds of miles. Can the minister tell the house what defense the UK has against such similar attacks Minister well within the United Kingdom, the Home Office has responsibility for counter drone activity. The mo D has a layered air defense capability and we are happy to allow other departments to use that capability when they specifically request so to end in 2020 I. Thank her for me to meet with me on Wednesday, but ahead of that meeting, please, which we consider all suitable, be a emod contracts and what pressure can be put on bae to insist that some of those are manufactured in brass. I've Ridley met the union's from brough over the years and not only because I represent a site in Lancashire that also represents BAE workers. The key for BAE is for us to support them getting more exports bids and also, at the same time, invest in the next generation of fighter, and with that we will make sure that with our money and your taxpayers, money comes a commitment from BAE that the jobs there is much based here throughout the country as they've always been, but good work. Thank You. Mr. speaker, my own will friend from Chelmsford mentioned, connects in the community, but the cadet expansion programme is about establishing 500 new cadet units in state schools. What assessment says my right, honourable friend, made the value of cadet units to some of our most disadvantaged children and some of our most challenging schools. Minister University of North Hampton is research into the social impact of cadet forces, which includes those in state. Schools suggests that membership can increase social mobility and help children reach their potential because the activity they undertake- and this is precisely why this has been such a successful process karamaneh. The Secretary of State, will be aware of reports that of the use of white phosphorus by Turkey in northern Syria. What is he doing to assist nitu allies in the investigation into this? The white phosphorus is only permitted for using as smut as signals and markers. It is not allowed by Geneva Convention to be used as a weapon. A number of people are collecting evidence about that incident and many other incidents, one that evidence is presented either to me or indeed to OPCW or the UN, then I think we will consider together what the next step should be. Finally, because he mustn't miss out ranoji a warden, ah Thank You mr. Speaker I welcome what the Minister has just said and what the Prime Minister has said repeatedly in March in July and last week that we mustn't let politics trump justice, I trust that legislation is coming to stop vexatious prosecutions. But when so, the the department has completed a consultation that closed only last week brought forward by the previous sexual state around enhanced legal protections. We're now collecting those responses and we'll look forward to bring forward a bill in early at the new year. I wish to make a statement to the house on Saturday last at column. Six five eight, the leader of the house, rose on a point of order to announce the government's intention to bring forward a motion today under Section thirteen one B of the European Union withdrawal Act 2018. Unfortunately, the point of order did not prove to be a prelude to an emergency business statement on which colleagues could question probe and scrutinize the leader, rather for approximately an hour. Thirty points of order were raised by no fewer than 24. Colleagues with me expressing disquiet and consternation that the government intended to require the house to consider again on Monday the same matter which it had decided 48 hours earlier on the immediately preceding sitting day, it was my privilege to listen and respond to the views of colleagues. I then undertook to reflect further on what members had said and to give a ruling this afternoon, which I shall now do. There are two issues, one of substance and the other of circumstances to consider I shall address each in turn. First I have to judge whether the motion tabled under Section, 13, 1 B of the 2018 Act for debate today is the same in substance as that which was decided on Saturday. Page 397 of erskine may is clear that such a motion may not be brought forward again during that same session. It is equally clear that Dudek ation of cases is a matter for the chair. I invoked erskine May and ruled on this issue. As recently as March the 18th this year, Saturday's motion sought approval for the withdrawal agreement, the political declaration on the future relationship between the EU and the UK, and the declaration concerning the operation of the Democratic consent in Northern Ireland provision. Today's motion seeks approval for the withdrawal agreement, the political declaration on the future relationship between the EU and the UK, and the declaration concerning the operation of the Democratic consent in Northern Ireland provision. It is clear that the motions are in substance the same. However, this matter was decided fewer than 49 hours ago. After more than three hours of debate, the House voted by 322 to 306 for sir Oliver, let Huan's Amendment, which stated that and I quote this house has considered the matter, but with holds approval unless and until implementing legislation is passed unquote. The second matter for me to consider was whether there had been any change of circumstances that would justify asking the house to reconsider on Monday what it had decided on Saturday on the face of it unless an event or development external to the house had interceded. It is hard to see a significant change of circumstances that would warrant a reconsideration on the next sitting day in this case, so reconsideration pre-announced by the leader of the house, just under 21 minutes after the result of the division was announced. However, the government might argue, though, to date it hasn't put forward any argument or explanation at all that the change of circumstances is the Prime Minister's application on Saturday night for an extension of article 50. This is not persuasive. The application is. This is not persuasive. The application is part of a process rather than a significant event in itself. In summary, today's motion is extraordinarily grateful to the Honorable geography bears directly with fortitude. I shall complete my statement. In summary, today's motion is in substance, the same as saturday's motion and the house has decided the matter. Today's circumstances are in substance, the same as saturday's circumstances. My ruling is therefore that the motion will not be debated today, as it would be repetitive and disorderly to do so for the benefits of colleagues not closely familiar with the so-called same question convention, which is very strong and dates back to 1604. I will summarize the rationale for it in a sentence. It is a necessary rule to ensure the sensible use of the houses, time and proper respect for the decisions that it takes. If it is not legitimate for the motion to be taken today, what is it legitimate for the government to do? The answer is that as the Prime Minister himself signaled in his point of order on Saturday at column, six, five, three and in his letter to members that evening, the government can introduce its EU withdrawal and implementation bill. Indeed, it has done just that presenting the bill for its first reading today. I have no doubt that the leader will offer further details of the intended timetable for the bill when he makes a business statement later today. Meanwhile, I hope that this ruling and explanation are helpful to the house. Yes, point of order. Mr. Peter Berg Thank You mr. Speaker I entirely follow the logic of your argument, but what weight did you give to the point that when we were debating on Saturday, nobody knew whether the Prime Minister was going to send a letter or not? And since that has happened. Whilst you are quite correct, sir, to say that the motion is the same, an event outside has dramatically changed it, and given that the motion on Saturday is very clear that final approval can't be done until the deal has gone through in legislation. Would it not be, as you've always said, to let the house decide on this matter, notwithstanding the fact that the previous motion is clear, what actually is going to happen? It would give the country the opportunity to know whether this house of crews or disapproval of the Prime Minister still be grateful to the honourable gentleman for his point of order. My response is as follows: I did not consider in reaching a judgement on this matter whether a letter would be sent. The letter was sent on Saturday evening more widely. However, the question of whether it would be a material consideration for the chair, whether a minister of the crown would obey the law. The honest answer to the honorable gentleman is that that consideration had not entered my mind as pertinent to my reflection on the matter. I note the wider point that the Honourable gentleman makes and I respect the fact that it is a point of view and I intend no discourtesy to the Honourable gentleman when I say that I think I have made the argument for and explained the rationale behind the judgment that I have made I'm not seeking to rubbish. The honourable gentleman I'm simply making no I'm not seeking to rubbish. The honourable gentleman I'm simply making the point that, having reflected on all of the considerations and the interests of the house, I have reached the conclusion I have reached, and it is important that colleagues here all parts of it and the honourable gentleman didn't like part of it, as he's politely explained in his point of order. But he will also have heard me say what is open to the government to do and the government can introduce its bill and the government can propose a program motion for it, and the government can proceed with the support of the house between now and the end of the month as collectively Parliament prescribes, and that seems to me to be entirely proper. I will come to other colleagues. Yes, I'll come to other globe, particularly the illustrious chair of the European scrutiny committee, but first of all a point of order. Mr. Kevin Brennan Thank You mr. speaker as you'll recall on Saturday afternoon I was the Honourable member who raised the issue that the leader of the house should have been making an emergency business statement at that time, rather relying on the device of a point of order to try to change the business today. I described it at the time as low rent jiggery-pokery. Isn't it time, mr. speaker, that the government, instead of playing games with the business of this house, actually subscribe to the usual practices, inform the opposition of their intentions and indeed inform the speaker of this accident of their intentions in advance so that we can all get on and with the important business we have to conduct well I'm grateful to the honourable gentleman look, let's focus on the arguments and the issues as somebody a very long serving member of this house once said. Sadly, no longer with us, it's not about politics. It's about policies, it's not about personalities, it's not about personalities about policies, and so I don't want to get into the personalities of it. I know that the leader of the house disapproves of jiggery-pokery, because I've heard him say so in the past. If memory serves me correctly on March the 26th 2015 in the chamber, he made that very point that he deprecated the use of jiggery-pokery I, don't want to get into that. What I suppose? What I want to say is this. There are precedents for changes in business being announced on points of order. It's not the norm, but there are precedents and I don't want to scribe. Any improper motive to the leader of the house, whose personal courtesy to me over the years has been and remains unfailing. I hope I have reciprocated it. He made the judgment he made. There was very little notice that he was going to say what he said, but that was really perhaps a product of the circumstances. The Honorable gentleman might think the circumstance could have been anticipated and some advance notice would have been helpful, but we were where we were and I don't complain about having to respond to points of order. The leader didn't stay for all the points water. He stayed for some of them, but I feel certain that he will since have familiarized himself with all of them. We will hear from the leader of the house later and I'm sure we look forward to that. Yes, of course, yes well, first of all but point of audits, William cache I'm most grateful. Mr. speaker, on the point of order, which I made a couple of days ago, I made the point that the law of the land is that set out in Section, one of the withdrawal Act 2018, and that Quitely unequivocally states that the European communities act is repealed on exit day, which is the 31st of October. The Ben Act has not done anything yet other than the respects of the letter to change the repeal the 1972 act. Therefore, I would simply argue and I've put it to you, that the question of whether or not as you mentioned in your statement there are issues relating to whether or not the law is being obeyed is not an issue at this stage in the proceedings. For that reason, I simply say to you: if I may, would it be possible for you to reconsider your decision because I'm afraid that the reality is that the law of the land means, as I've said, loss last Friday I'm extremely grateful to the honorable gentleman whose experience in these matters and whose prowess as a lawyer, I readily, acknowledge I hope he won't take it amiss. But if he does it's a regrettable inevitability when I say that the Honorable gentleman has put on the record his understanding of the legal position and he aesthetic with crystal clarity this afternoon, as on previous occasions, other people have a different view about the legal position and the significance of the so called been act. If memory serves me correctly, I did not dwell in my statement on adherence to the law. I touched on that matter. Only in response to the point of order from the Honorable gentleman, the member for Wellingborough I, totally understand what the Honorable gentleman thinks and why. Moreover, I made clear in the statement the option open to the government and I reiterated it in response to the Honourable member for Wellingborough. The amendment I remind not just members but those attending our proceedings in the name of Sir Oliver. Let win explicitly specified that the legislation should come first suddenly to have at the next sitting day a debate on the same matter upon which an explicit conclusion was reached on Saturday would seem very unusual and I have made the judgment. I have made colleagues I'm stating the obvious, but when you make a judgment on these matters, manifestly some people, if it's controversial, are pleased and other people are displeased that is in the nature of the responsibilities. I have simply sought to discharge my obligations and to do what I believe to be right, and that is what the speaker has to do. Yes, let's point water and Terrigal. Of course, I'll come to the Honourable lady Thank You. Mr. speaker, my point of order is about the nature of this power in the chair, to prevent Parliament being asked to vote again and again and again on the same thing. Surely this is to prevent an over powerful executive attempting to demand the Honourable gentleman I can't quite read his lips, but I think he's saying if only yes, I think he's saying, if only but but but the Honourable lady must be heard anton regal speaker, it's an attempt to prevent an executive from browbeating parliament and making certain that it votes again and again and again on the same thing until it gets it right now. Surely, mr. speaker, this is an important defense of freedom in our democracy and does he agree with me that when we have a government which is attempting to browbeat Parliament and set up a parliament versus the people, false narrative that this is even more important? The short answer than the Honourable lady is yes, I sort, colleagues to frame my statement in factual terms, and it was whether people agree with it or not. Closely argued and I did not go in for adjectives of excess on this occasion. It is, however, part of the thinking of the chair that the house should not be continually bombarded with a requirement to consider the same matter over and over and over again, and there are people who are concerned about such a prospect, the possibility of being browbeaten or harassed or intimidated and in the context of the March. The 18th statement that I made to the house I was very aware of commentary in the public square along the lines of well we'll bring it back 26 times, if necessary. Until we get the outcome- and that was a factor in my judgement- that our ruling from the chair needed to be given absence of speaker intervention on this matter on the same question can mention since 1920 or there abouts is attributable colleagues not to the discontinuation of the Convention, but rather to general compliance with it, and it is for the protection of the house, and we also don't want contradictory and conflicting judgments to be reached in very short order and what could be shorter order than the next sitting day after the last judgment was made. It may not appeal to everybody, but that is the rationale for the perfectly reasonable judgment that I have made point of order. Mr. Berner Jenkins Saburo Jenkins, who mr. speaker I kind, imagined that if you didn't enjoy being bombarded, you wouldn't enjoy such there's so much sitting in that chair and I note. The dilemmas you face mean that on occasion you will sometimes have to please some and not others, but it is becoming remarkable. How often you please one lot, and not the other I would also I would also remark. I would also remark. Mr. speaker, that you have invade against most unusual things happening in this house, which you did not like and I would say, it is most unusual for a speaker so often to prevent the government having debated the matters which the government wished to put before the house, and it has also been one of your mantras mr. speaker, that the house should be permitted to express its view even when it comes to changing the meaning of standing orders and yet to have denied the opportunity of the house to express its view on this matter, because this motion is this motion was never voted on on Saturday. Want the honourable gentleman to be heard, as he must be fully and without fear or favor, and then I know. He will allow me the courtesy of an uninterrupted response. It's a burner Jenkin, but because this motion was never voted upon, it ceased to exist. It ceased to exist as soon as it was amended and I am I confess. Mr. speaker surprised that the reason for my right, honourable friends, amendment my right will phone for South Dorset's amendment being tabled, failed to enter your head because the reason was there was an anxiety that the law was not going to be complied with him. The letter would not be sent so the circumstances have changed in that respect and can I just alert that you and the house, mr. speaker, to the fact that my committee will be holding a hearing on the role of the speaker somewhat somewhat in the light of the experience of recent months. First of all, let me say I'm grateful to the honourable gentleman for his multifaceted point of order. It was multifaceted. There were several features to it and that's important. Secondly, I say to the Honourable gentleman that I hear what he says about his committee. Conducting inquiry into the role of the speaker and that's absolutely proper and I think he said something from a sedentary position about tomorrow and evidence being taken on witnesses being heard and that's absolutely right. I, don't know what he expects me to deduce from that I wouldn't dream of seeking to comment adversely still less to trespass, which would be quite improper to seek to do upon the legitimate autonomy of any Select Committee of this house, and it's perfectly proper for his committee. Do that I'm entirely untroubled by it and it's a reflection of his conscientiousness that he should undertake such an inquiry. Thirdly, what I say to the Honourable gentleman- and there are people in this chamber who know very well the truth of what I say to the honourable gentleman with respect to how unfortunate that one side seems to be disadvantaged by judgments from the chair. Let me say to the honourable gentleman: I haven't: got off the top of my head, a count of the number of times that I have granted in the past urgent questions, and in some cases, though, they were less fashionable at the time emergency debates to people of what was then called the Euroskeptic disposition and would now be called a brexit ear disposition and the Honourable gentleman was one of them and when I was granting the honorable gentleman and as some of his honorable and right honorable friends, the opportunity to challenge to question to probe to scrutinize in some cases to expose what they thought were the errors of omission or Commission of the government of the day. I, don't recall the Honorable gentleman complaining that I was giving him too many opportunities to make his point and it wasn't a fair use of the house this time it was very unfair on his party and it was a violation of the rights of his government. Now it may be that SATA voci. He was somehow making this point, but if so, I didn't hear it and I remind the Honorable gentleman additionally and I. Think, fourthly, that, yes and I will make the point, because it's an important point to make that he's. Honorable friend, the member for Basildon and Billericay, tabled an amendment to the Queen's Speech in 2013 on the case for a referendum on UK membership of the European Union. A most unusual, though perfectly proper thing for a government back-bencher to do and I selected that amendment and I did so, because I thought that it was well supported and there was a compelling case for it to be considered. So what I'm saying to the honourable gentleman is that when he was getting the decisions in his favor, he wasn't grumbling he's grumbling now because he doesn't like the judgment. But the judgment I've made is an honorable and fair one and I'm afraid if the Honorable gentleman doesn't like it, there's not much. I can do about that I'm trying to do the right thing for the house as a whole. Of my last point. Yes, my last point to the honourable gentleman is this and it's very important not just for members or even particularly for members in the house, but for those observing our proceedings. Noting in what I have said in any way impinges upon the opportunity for the government to secure approval of its deal and the passage of the appropriate ledges elation by the end of the month. If the government have got the numbers, the government can have their way and it's not for the speaker to interfere. The judgement I've made is about the importance of upholding a very long standing and overwhelmingly observed convention of this house. That is what I've done and I make absolutely no apology for it whatsoever point of order. Caroline Flint. Thank you very much, mr. speaker, I'm, seeking clarification on the implications of the Fen Act to the proceedings over the next week or so and I'm happy to put it in writing if that's helpful and I'm sorry for not having done so already. The been act, as the speaker knows, was amended by the amendment put forward by my own real friend, the member for a Bravo, and, if you recall in the debate, mr. speaker, my right on my friend, the member for birkin, had asked my right honorable friend, the member for Leeds Central. Why there was no purpose to his bill, to which the latter Member of Parliament said? We don't want a purpose on this bill and the implication was to keep it open-ended. Clearly, the amendment that they must then passed by this house included the amendment by my honourable friend, the member for a Burin, which stated very clearly that there could be no extension beyond the 31st of October unless it was to secure a deal. So could I have maybe some clarification from the speaker or maybe in writing tomorrow, that when amendments come forward over the next few days or the next few weeks, only amendments that are pertinent to securing the deal in relation to the essence of that deal rather than revoking article 50 or have a second referendum, will be the ones that will be taken. The right honorable lady is twofold. First of all, it's not for the chair to interpret the Act people will make their own assessment of that that doesn't fall to me. Secondly, if the right honorable lady wishes to engage with me on that matter, in correspondence I'm, not promising to come back to her tomorrow, I will study any letter from her and respond in as timely aware as I can compatible with a substantive response being provided and I should be very delighted to try to oblige the right honorable lady in that regard. Yes, yes, of course, point of order, mr. Steve Baker mr. speaker, would it not be better to save consideration of these matters until the business statement so that we can hear from the leader of the House of Commons? That's perfectly possible for that to be the case, the self-denying ordinance is required on the part of people who otherwise wish to raise points brought up with me. But I know what the Honorable gentleman has said and colleagues either will be guided by him or not, as the case may be a point of order. Dr. Sara Wollaston mr. speaker could I make a helpful suggestion that you send a photocopier Bursk in May to members of the government, but on a more serious point. Well, it's true. The government keeps insisting that the members of this house should have the opportunity to change their mind. Isn't it time they extend the same courtesy to the British people? Well, I know what the Honourable lady has said. The second point is a political one to which I won't respond in relation to erskine may it is available free online in relation to the same question convention. I simply make the point that, when I pronounced on the same question convention on the 18th of March, one of the early responses came from an honourable member who said may I say how delighted I am that you have decided to follow precedent, which is something I am greatly in favor of, and he went on to make other supporting points. The person who responded in that way was none other than the right. Honourable gentleman, the member for North East Somerset, the leader of the house, so the leader of the house was very much with me at that time. On the same question convention I take the same view seven months later, and it is for him to explain whether he does their point of order. Citizens way, however, unfashionable it might be Mr, Speaker, I, believe you're quite right and, by the same token, is quite wrong to expect the voters to have to ask the answer. The second the same question a second time look I've known the right honourable gentleman before new forests west for 22 years, I like him so much that I don't want to ruin a burgeoning political career, as he's only probably a quarter of the way through his. But one of the great merits of the right honourable gentleman, member for New Forest West, is that he is a model of consistency, principle and fair-mindedness point aboard Sir, Robert Sims. Thank you very much. Mr. speaker. The meaningful vote process was a process which Parliament insisted that the government adhere to and all the government are trying to do is to stick to a process set out by Paula and clearly on Saturday things were amended. Now we can have a clean vote because I think there is an appetite among the country. If not, this Parliament I mean we're not exactly the empty benches here to try and get a view on what the Prime Minister's deal is about the fact the matter is I agree with Sir Desmond, Swain I think your ruling is probably right, except that we are prone, unlike most of us in May to the EU Constitution and the EU Constitution means at the moment we leave at the end of this month, which means that a limited time so we're going to be treated to the spectacle empty benches in this house as we go home at some point and maybe sitting late or sitting at weekends, in order to try and get government legislation on the statute book and I'm, not sure the British people will understand that just say to the other gentleman I genuinely apologize to him if I have misunderstood any part of his point, but I am reacting on the hoof. Whether the were the debates today or not, the government requires the passage of the requisite legislation, the for insofar as the right honorable gentleman is concerned about the time required for the legislation the program motion for it. The sitting hours entailed by it the inconvenience that might flow from it. Those considerations would apply whether we had the debate today or not. The issue is: do we make a pragmatic judgment and allow for the breach of a long-standing convention, or do we make a principled judgment and I have made a principled judgment and there is every opportunity for the government with the support of the house, not only to have it say, but to get its way by the end of October and I. Don't think I need to add anything to that. It is dependent on parliamentary opinion. I will come to the point of order. Mr. Chrisman Blount Thank You mr. speaker, but before you reflect on and I acknowledge. We have known each other for over 30 years and in many ways our personal political lives seem to have gone off in very different directions and the court in the course of that time and I acknowledge the kind remarks he made to me on another occasion outside his house last last week. But I am one of the members who has formally recorded by anxiety about your partiality in in the chair and I. Think it's the right way to do. That is to is to do it formally, but having done that, like my honourable friend for New, Forest, West um, and having no tea the narrow terms in which you gave your ruling today, I think those terms are reasonable in you. Coming to your judgment, however, is a sufficient change of circumstances are snowing what the response, so the letter imposed upon the government by this house to request an extension, then for you to reconsider that the conclusions you came to today, no general rule, no repetition is not a novel phenomenon in the House of Commons, including when perpetrated by me. I have made the point often and forgive me, but I make it again that I tend to subscribe to the dictum of the late Lord white law in these matters. He famously used to say personally I think it is better to cross bridges only when I come to them. It's a hypothetical question. I would have to reflect on it and make a judgment in the circumstances of the time. I don't want to fall out of the Honorable gentleman and I appreciate his courteous opening remarks. He won't be surprised to know, though, I absolutely defend his right to his opinion that I don't accept his characterization of my speakership I have tried to do the right thing by Parliament. Sometimes people like it when it goes their way, and sometimes they don't when it doesn't. But that is my honest approach if he disapproves of it. I am sorry about that, because I've known him a long time but I will live with that and I don't mean that in any discourteous or patronizing way, I will live with that. It is one verdict and there will be others that I've made the judgment I've made and let's wait and see how events develop. Yes, indeed, point about a hurry up all win genuine point of order and my understanding of the earth in May is that the repeat: question applies to a session of Parliament. So the fact that we've had a prorogation since the 29th of March might mean that the government are not saying they wanted it if they could bring back the same question as they asked the house on the 29th of March, and secondly, would they be able to ask a variance of the motion on the order paper today that included subsections, 1 and 3, for example the Honourable lady, and it is a genuine point of order and my response to it is as follows. First, when I referred and I did mean this impolitely not to the 29th of March, but to the 18th of March, I was not referring to a motion on that day, which was indeed in the last session. I was referring to the statement or ruling that gave at the time on the same question convention. The ruling on the same question convention has not just survived from one session to another. It has in fact survived for the last four hundred and fifteen years, so I do think we need trouble ourselves unduly on that matter. Secondly, I very specifically was making the point that the matter has been treated of as recently a Saturday with a very clear decision reached by the house on the amendment to the motion and therefore it would not be appropriate to consider that matter today. Thirdly, when she inquires about whether a different formulation of words or section or subsection would render it open such a motion to a different judgment on the same question convention, I, hope, she'll understand when I say I can't possibly pronounce upon that until I know the circumstances I would have to see the particulars I'm grateful for the rather vigorous nodding of the head of the right. Honourable gentleman, member for Woking I'm, at least on that point, seems to agree with me point of order. Mr. Davy TC Davis. Well, thank you mr. speaker, in citing your ruling. Just now you spoke of the importance of precedent and convention, and yet earlier on this year, when you allowed a motion that everyone thought was under mandible to be amended, you said sir I'm, not in the business of invoking precedent. Nor am I under any obligation to do so. If we were guided only by precedent, nothing would ever change. Can you understand, sir, in the light of your comments, why some people perceived perhaps incorrectly that's the only consistency one can find in your rulings is that they always seem to favor one side of the argument and never the government's who are trying their best to carry out the mandate given to them by the British people in 2016 on to the honorable gentleman and I mean it's very sincerely for his point of order and in particular, in the best traditions of the honorable gentleman's parliamentary service for his explicit direct challenge, I respect that no whispering behind his hands or muttering into his soup, or anything like that. He's challenging me directly. I, don't agree with him. I think the consistent thread is that I tried to do what I think is right by the House of Commons, including by in many cases, minorities whose voices need to be heard. But what I said when I allowed the amendment in the name of the right? Honourable and then, if gentlemen, the member for Bekins field on, if memory serves me correctly, the 9th of January this year was that the will of the house should be tested. It may well be that it had not been the norm for such motions to be amended, but I felt the circumstances were different. Very specifically, I sensed that there was a very strong appetite for that amendment amongst several parties in the house and a resistance to it by a very much smaller number of parties and I thought the will of the house should be tested. It is true that we are guided not only by precedent, but what I would say to the Honorable gentleman is that just because we're not guided only by precedent doesn't mean that we're not guided at all by precedent. What one has to do is to make a balanced judgment about what best serves the interests of the house and all I would say to the Honorable gentleman. Is that, as recently as Saturday, at the insistence of the government and I think with the support of the house, the house met on Saturday to deliberate on this. Very matter simply to allow the matter to be reconsidered. Two days later and the very next sitting day seems to me to be entirely unreasonable and nothing that I have said by way of conclusion today flies in the face of country expert advice that I have received, I have consulted, I have taken advice, I have listened to people expert in these matters, and I have not been counseled that what I have said today is wrong. I have not been counseled that what I have said today is wrong and I have a very strong sense that there is a pretty wide acceptance that on this matter, my judgment, however inconvenient and person to some people, has the advantage of being procedurally right. A point of order. Mr. Robert Halfon I respect your judgment and I share your love of precedent. But, given what you have said and given that there have already been a number of votes in this house for a second referendum and voted against, will you apply the same questions about having repetitive votes and when you consider in your deliberations, if amendments are put forward for second, a second referendum for the Honorable general? What he said and the principle that I have enunciated has wider application. We are in a new session. We are in a new session. The same question convention applies to consideration of the same matter in the same session, I very gently say to the right honourable gentleman that we are in a new session, a point that is in fact so blindingly obvious that I'm sure it won't have escaped the right. Honourable gentleman is very clever fellow for a moment. If yes, indeed, point of order, dr. Caroline Johnson have written to me today concerned that the reason that the vote has not been allowed is because the result would go in the governments, favor and I'm sure they, like it I've heard that usually you've given I've heard that you've, given a reason for it, but on a Saturday, the amendment was brought forward by a advisement of a member member West Dorset. He has said himself that, were the amendment were the bill to be brought forward, folks who work for now that he would not amend it to gays and that he would support the government's legislation to come forward. So is there not a sign that actually something has changed since Saturday Johnson that I, don't recall every single word that the right honourable general member for West Dorset has said, though I am familiar with the thrust of his argumentation on these matters. It is a matter of record that the right honourable gentleman West Dorset has voted for the withdrawal agreement three times and it is a matter of record that he has expressed support for the government's latest deal with the European Union, causing him, therefore, to be inclined to vote for the legislation. Now the right honourable gentleman can vote for the legislation if he wishes and I have every expectation on the strength of what he said that he will do so. But the right honourable gentleman doesn't determine what the judgment is about the same question convention I mean he could if he were the speaker of the house and if the Honorable lady he's going to make a belated attempt to persuade the right honourable gentleman to abandon his retirement plans and to seek election to the chair, she may have success with him or she may not I didn't know. He doesn't seem to be offering me any encouragement in that matter, but I've made the judgment. I've, aid and I think it's the right judgment to make point of order. Mr. Greg Davis Lord the allowed to see the cream thought he had five weeks to write her Queen speech, but then she was just given a few days and she's waiting intently to know what the response of the houses on the Queen speech, but instead the leader house is put down a motion which is basically a copycat of the motion on Saturday in breach severe skin may and predictably I've got to say. Mr. speaker, you ruled an out of order. Isn't this a discourtesy term that her majesty and reason that the leader should reconsider his position? Visioning confidence I'm, very grateful. Really honorable gentleman I think we should get ahead of ourselves. I certainly am not accusing the leader of discourtesy I'm, not doing so at all. In fact, I celebrated his unfailing courtesy to me and I think you will acknowledge mine to him. We are going to hear from the leader of the house with the business statement and if the honorable gentleman wants to question the leader of the house on that business statement and to express his indignation I very much doubt any force on earth will stop him doing. So. If any exhaust the appetite for now of colleagues to raise points water, we and I'm very grateful to colleagues for what they've said and for the courtesy with which they've expressed themselves, whether they agree with my ruling or not. We come now to the first of our urgent questions: urgent question the leader of the Opposition Jeremy Corbyn, Thank You. Mr. speaker, I'd like to ask an urgent question, namely to ask the Prime Minister to make a statement on the publication of the European Union withdrawal agreement bill and his letter of the 19th of October to the European Council, seeking an extension to the period provided under Article 50. The secretary exiting the European Union secretary, Stephen, Baldwin notice of the withdrawal agreement bill was given to the house on Saturday. The bill was handed to the house yesterday, as agreed with the house authorities. It will be introduced for first reading at the start of main business today. The publication of the withdrawal of the agreement bill is therefore now being delayed by the leader of the Opposition, because he has tabled an urgent question requesting the publication of the withdrawal agreement bill genius we draw the Bema Bell could knock mr. speaker be finalized until the European Council on Thursday, the 17th of October, and then follows a historic meeting of this house on Saturday the 19th of October. It has then been introduced on the following sitting day and, as you said just a moment ago, mr. speaking, we response to a point of order what could be shorter than the next sitting day? The sooner this urgent question and the next urgent question are concluded, the sooner it will be available to members in respect to the Prime Minister's letter to president tusk of the 19th of October. This was sent in compliance with section 1 of the been act. The president of the European Council has accepted a request as valid and indicated he is considering it and consulting with Member States Jeremy Corbyn give Mr Speaker I do admire the secretary of state for keeping a straight face while he gave that answer and I'm very grateful to this I'm very grateful to this urgent question being granted. Mr. speaker, the Prime Minister has not deign to grace us with his presence today, but I'm reassured mr. speaker that, despite his pledge he's not to be found anywhere in a ditch, I would, however, like to welcome that. I would like to welcome the fact that Prime Minister has sent a letter over the weekend to the EU President Donald Tusk, to comply with the EU withdrawal number to act. Missus. Mr. speaker, as we've come to expect with this Prime Minister. This has been done with posturing and attempts to distract, but, despite having told the British public over and over again, he would never do it. The letter has in fact been sent. The request is not only legally necessary and prevents us crashing out of the EU with no deal, but the extension allows. This house, the space to scrutinize the Prime Minister's brexit deal I want to pay tribute to all those members. Who've worked hard to ensure a no deal. Brexit is ruled out and I will continue to work across the house to ensure that this continues to be the case. Mr. speaker, the European Commission has confirmed today that Brussels is now considering the terms of an extension. Can the Secretary of State tell the house when he expects any extension to be granted, and can he categorically rule out to the absolutely ridiculous reports? Yesterday, the Conservative MPs are trying to amend the law to jail members of Parliament's alleged to have colluded with foreign powers. Does he like me fear that for the Honourable member of his Shrewsbury, an action who is telling everyone he will listen, that he is trying to collude with the polish and Hungarian governments to veto any possibility of article 50 extensions? Mr. speaker, this type of nonsense is doing nobody any good at all. If the Prime Minister wants to get his deals through, he should bring forward the withdrawal agreement built for scrutiny. Will he also, and will he also bring forward an economic impact assessment which has since has so far not seen the light of day, and will he allow this house ample time to scrutinize what this deal means to the communities that we all represent? Well, I can tell the house what has been ditched and it is the Honourable gentleman's manifesto which he has ditched from the commitment he gave to respect the referendum result to warm, which is now characterized by dither and delay. He says that he questions the letter from the Prime Minister. What the Prime Minister made clear is that we would abide by the law and what Lord Panik has confirmed amongst many others is that the Prime Minister has done so. So there is no question as to the commitment from the Prime Minister, but of course he disagrees with the action and it won't surprise any members either of this house or of the European Council as to what the position of the Prime Minister is and his commitment to leaving on the 31st of October. The honourable gentleman talks about collusion. We in this house, mr. speaker, want seclude with the British public to respect the referendum result and to get Gregg seat done and when he talks about delay. He should answer this question. If he wants a second referendum, we know the shadow brexit secretary wants to show, but their second best random, but if he wants a second referendum, how long is that going to take? How long will the primary legislation take? How long were the electoral commission requirements take? How long is he going to leave the house in purgatory? He gave a commitment that if we went past the 31st of October, there would be a general election and yet on the more program on Sunday the shadow bricks, its secretary said he wanted further delay in order to have a second referendum. So when is he going to accept the Prime Minister's challenge? When is he going to have it your election or are we going to have, as the shadow business brexit secretary said, more dither, more delay and more shirking of his responsibilities? Mr. Kenneth claw mr. speaker, could my right number friend try to ensure the government stops, giving this sort of sacred quality to the date of October, the 31st, which is a really rather silly point which is intruded into the extremely complicated arguments we're having on this whole issue? Although I personally would be quite happy if we could control conclude in withdraw agreement along the lines, the Prime Minister, proposing by 31st of October, if we could do it properly, but the date was not selected by the British public or the British government. It was a compromise in the EU between president mackerel and the rest and was plucked out of the air. So will he agree with me that what matters is we get the right withdrawal agreement carried with the tenuous majority of the government may have through second readings and third reading, so form is actually settled, and then we can proceed in a way which future generations, if we get it right or we forget it wrong, we'll regard as much more important than whether we actually made it for a particular day in October, 2009 tea, but the reality. Mr. speakers, the date was set by the previous European Council, and it is not a unilateral decision for the UK Parliament as to whether that date is changed. Though previously in this house, the father of the house has said what mattered was avoiding No Deal, the Prime Minister has secured a deal. That does that. So what not matters now is that we end the uncertainty, the uncertainty for businesses, the uncertainty for citizens and actually deliver on the deal. The Prime Minister has negotiated one agreed by the eu27 as well, and we get Gregg's it done. Sria, blackbird, Thank, You mr. speaker, and can I congratulate the leader of the Opposition for launching this question. But of course it's a question to the prime minister and it's a question about the Prime Minister's behavior. Where is he? Where is the respect that the Prime Minister is showing to this house? Mr. speaker, the Prime Minister is utterly humiliated by his defeat on Saturday, a defeat that saw this house reject his unfair anti-democratic deal. He defeat mr. speaker that has forced the Prime Minister to send a letter to the European Union Council requesting a deal, but what did the Prime Minister? Do? He sent a letter not on headed paper and unsigned? Can I ask if the Prime Minister is used to sending unsigned letters in his capacity as Prime Minister and if so, how? Many and I want the direct answer to that question anonymously, but I think we know the answer, because his behavior lacks dignity. It lacks respect. It is not becoming of any Prime Minister. Once again, the Prime Minister has shown himself to be unworthy of the office he holds. Mr Speaker I have with me a copy of a joint letter sent from the First Minister's of Scotland and Wales to President tusk, properly addressed with their official letter heads and Julie side. The Prime Minister should take note. That is a lesson on how to behave because his actions don't just show disrespect to this house but to the court in Scotland, but the president tusk himself, despite the Prime Minister's childish games of sending a confit later. Of course, the SNP is pleased to see that the girl up some room, namely the European Council, are now considering the extension, an extension that must be secured to protect our interests from the economic oblivion. If we were to exit the European Union on a new deal great said, Mr Speaker I, join with the leader of the Opposition, to express the SNP is outraged that the Prime Minister has instructed his government to publish the withdrawal bill without securing adequate time for parliamentary debate and scrutiny. Once again, this Conservative government is showing disregard for democracy. It is absolutely imperative that representatives here are able to do our jobs and scrutinize the legislation, given the magnitude of the implication so I say to the Prime Minister through the secretary. That's here, if he's not afraid of democratic debate, secure the extension and let's give the time for full scrutiny of the bill, and let me ask this: if he's so sure that the people are with him, will he confirm today that he will seek support for this bill from the Scottish Parliament? Who must give consent first? Well, the the crooks? The issue is the Prime. Minister has complied with the law, but it is right that, alongside that, he sets out his well-known views and that should not come as a surprise to the right honourable gentleman anymore than it should to any other member of this house. But what is unworthy? Mr Speaker is to have referendums and to ignore the resort, which is the position or the right. Oh no, gentlemen, not just in terms of the referendum in 2014, but also in terms of referendum in 2016 after more than 1,200 days since the referendum. The one thing I, don't in this house has lacked, is opportunity to debate the issues contained in the ritual agreement bill and the ritual bill will be published. It is with the house in order for that debate, to happen. So it's time for the house to get on to that date to battle the bill to get Driggs it done and to get on to the domestic priorities of record investment in our health service, the extra 20,000 police officers there were recruiting and leveling up all parts of the United Kingdom as part of a strong economic delivery. So John redwood I'm glad the government wishes to base our future relationship with the EU on comprehensive free trade agreements. So will the government get on on table one and show urgency in trying to get one, because the sooner we can get one, the more reassuring it will be in Northern Ireland and the public who are heartily sick of all this don't want to waste another 15 months, a mr. speaker may I personally, thank you for avoiding Groundhog Day. Today, I heard all the arguments on Saturday I. Don't think I need to hear them again when I agree with my right. Honourable friend, we need to get on to the future relationship. The House has been debating endlessly the winding down provisions, which is what is contained in withdrawal agreement bill and what the political declaration sets out is a clear framework for a best-in-class free-trade agreement and we need to pass the bill in order to get on to doing that. Joe Spencer. Mr. speaker, the Prime Minister, was withering in his criticism of the first breaks that deal and yet he voted for it. He said that no conservative PM should ever accept a border down the Irish Sea, and yet he has- and he said he would never ask for an extension of article 50, and yet he sent the letter doing just that. If the Prime Minister is allowed to change his mind, surely the government should give the public the opportunity to do the same by putting their brakes that deal to a people's vote. I think it's somewhat ironic to have a question about changing minds from the Liberal Democrats, who were the first party to call for an in/out referendum and who now wants a people's vote on the basis of ignoring the people's vote that we've had sodium cache you, mr. speaker, the the urgent question was introduced by the leader of the Opposition, which is somewhat unusual. May I refer my right, honourable friend, to a bill which was introduced in 1997 in the name of the leader of the Opposition, with the right honourable Tony Benn, which says that the sections 2 & 3 of the European communities that 972 are hereby repealed, though the European Court of Justice shall have no effect in the United Kingdom, and would he also recall the number of times Palestine concern was in deathless when the Oliver right honorable lead of the opposition went to the lobby with me on every single occasion relating to European matters? Does he accept that this really does demonstrate a monumental, not only mere u-turn, but a monumental degree of lack of memory and a lack of understanding of what the withdrawal bill is all the facts? On the referendum itself, my writeable friend has always stuck to his principles. The reality is the leader of the Opposition cannot even stick to his own manifesto Angella regal. Mr. speaker doesn't leave brexit simply agree with me that the Prime Minister has a problem with veracity. He told us that he would rather be dead in a ditch than signed the letter and signed the letter. He told us that there would be no border in the Irish Sea and then he negotiated the border in the Irish Sea. Why on earth should we ever believe a single thing that this Prime Minister says? Well, the Prime Minister didn't sign the letter, so I think the issue with veracity was actually in the question geometry. Gail. Would my right friend agree that what the recipient of the letter and are the EU member-states, and indeed the country want to know, is whether or not the agreement that they have reached with the Prime Minister commands no majority support of this house, and how does he propose to explain to them? But now, on a second day of the House of Commons meeting, we are still unable to discover that very much sure my rights, all my friends. Frustration not exactly is the question that will be posed in capitals. They have reached a deal with the government. They want to see the UK leave in a smooth and orderly way. That is what their citizens want to see is what UK citizens in Europe want to happen, and the sooner we get on do it the better in revenge. Thank you very much. Mr. speaker, it's reported that the Secretary of State this morning told the House of Lords Select Committee, that, under this agreement, Goods leaving Northern Ireland for the rest of the United Kingdom will require an exit summary declaration to be submitted. Can he confirm for the house that such declarations have to be made when Goods leave the customs territory of the European Union? If so, how does that square with article 4 of the protocol, which says that Northern Ireland is part of the customs territory of the United Kingdom? It's either part of the European Union or the United Kingdom. It can't be both well. What I was referring to in those remarks was in line with international obligations. Some practical information will be needed to provide it electronically on the movement of goods from west to east. However, the government will be considering the process during the implementation period grade. Mckinley. Mr. speaker can I just say on the floor of this house now: I have zero and absolutely no respect for the bend surrender act. I have no respect by the means by which it was brought to the house, and the order paid was taken over I have no respect that it had four hours debate with one day's notice. I have no respect there. Mr. speaker, you were not in the chair that afternoon, but the met the manner in which manuscript amendments were being debated before they're available. This was a shambolic act brought by those who do not want to respect brexit. The government should be in control of the order paper and, if others don't want that, they can lay a vote of no confidence that they will not. Do. I really wonder mr. speaker, what is this urgent question for? Is it an argument that somehow the government should have delivered a letter that was gold-trimmed on a on a sort of a sequined velvet cushion to the Commission, said the secretary of state secret that the let has obviously been treated as genuine and is being dealt with in the appropriate way by the Council of Ministers? Much as I would have preferred that the government and the Prime Minister had ignored this shambolic been act, but the deven legislation, as he well knows, was designed to prevent a No Deal exit. The Prime Minister was told that changing the backstop was impossible. He delivered it, he was told the withdrawal agreement sets couldn't be changed. He did so. We now have a deal that the house can pass. I. Hope members across the house will do so with the withdraw agreement bill in order that we can leave on the 31st of October as citizens of businesses around the country want us to do and to get on with it. Sperry Sherman, Mr, Speaker, I, hope the Minister realizes that I could never get angry with him. He's always been. He and I have always had very good relation, so nice I trust him a very long way, but can I ask you can't bacon to talk to the Prime Minister about this whole sort of folks? It's almost a philosophy of get on with it. No, we must get this done get on with it. Would you agree with me: it's our sacred duty, not just to get on with it, to make sure of what the deal is. The quality of it actually serves our constituents because they depend on on us for their health, their welfare, their future their prosperity. So we must take this. Take this business seriously and slowly get on with it is enough Steve joy! Stop it well, personally, can I thank the Honorable gentleman for the kind words we which he prefaced his question and I very much have always enjoyed working with him on that basis. In terms of the detail he's right, we do need to get that detail right, but we also need to be clear as to what the scope of the withdrawal agreement bill is. It is to implement the deal. The international treaty that has been reached it is not to determine the future of relationship which the house, through the withdrawal agreement bill, will have a lot of opportunity in terms of the negotiation mandate to discuss and get right. So we need to implement the treaty. We need to do that through well, has been agreed with the EU in the form of the withdrawal agreement bill and then get on to the debates which I look forward to having with him on the terms of a free trade agreement as we move forward with that deal, there's my concern that two members of opposition from bench parties now have said it's not good enough simply to police the Prime Minister's actions through the courts. They now also want to police his thoughts and opinions as well. I think that's, quite a cinema, a sinister preview of what my life might be like under a Labour government, god, if it were to happen, confirmed my understanding of the process for the following week and the legislation. Perhaps my constituents clarity that if members opposite bring forward amendments that are not compatible with the agreement that we've made with the European Union. All that will achieve is not to have the outcome of those amendments. It will just frustrate and prevent us from passing a deal in leaving on time. Well on the detail in terms of the next steps, my right, my friend, the leader, the house will make a business statement after the urgent questions and I would not want to fee on that. But on the wider point, he's absolutely right. The Prime Minister has met his legal obligation that has been recognized by the President of the European Court at the European Union, and what we now need to do is implement the withdrawal agreement will get dregg's it done and get on to the free-trade agreement, which the Honourable gentleman referred to earlier. Jerry I welcome the fact that, despite all the malarkey and green-ink letters and spin on Saturday night, the European Union have accepted the request, an extension, but does it concern the Secretary of State that in the court action raised in Scotland, in which I acknowledge the support of deal Venice, despite the fact that the Prime Minister the Attorney General and the Advocate General, have all assured the courts that the Prime Minister will obey the ban Act and ask the court to dismiss the action. Despite those promises and assurances, the court have seen fit to continue the action to make sure that the Prime Minister keeps his promises occur. Well, it's not for a minister of the crown to comment on any live court proceedings, but to follow the lexicon of the Honourable lady. What would be malarkey is for claimants to send letters before the publication of the correspondence that address the issue that was sought in the earlier judgement. Neo Bryan didn't return to the house after two weeks paternity leave following the birth of my son, my beautiful son earth I have returned to find even better that you Primus, has secured a wonderful breaks, a deal which I look forward to to voting name water dead language are awesome. Can my around will friend reassure me that he will now crack on and get the legislation through so that we can get Briggs it done and not be still talking about this when Arthur is old enough to drive me be the first to congratulate the honorable gentleman on the birth of Arthur, and we wish him a long and happy and healthy life and I had noticed the absence of the Honorable gentleman and it's very good to welcome him back to the general safety of state. Well, the mayor being delays in getting Brick City delivered, but I'm delighted that Arthur has been delivered and I'm sure I speak for the whole house in both offering our congratulations and also with wishing author every success for the future he's absolutely right, I think over now in the country, there is huge frustration both amongst our constituents, but also with businesses that want an end to the uncertainty want to see a deal. Reach recognize it's in the country's interest to leave in a smooth, an orderly way and see that the Prime Minister has agreed a deal that is brought to the house. It's now for the house to pass the legislation to enable us to move forward and to get on to the other priorities we want to do yen, Murray, Thank You. Mr. speaker, I have received thousands of emails since the prime minister brought back his deal on Thursday from constituents who are asking me to tell them what the impact of this deal will be on their jobs, livelihoods and future prosperity for the communities in which they live. I'm unable to do so because the government are refusing to publish an economic impact assessment. What is the answer to them? Well, GDP: go down well jobs and unemployment go up. What is the answer? Well, they. The answer is to listen to the Bank of England governor, who says that getting this deal pass will be a boost to our economy, because there's a huge amount of investment ready to be released into the economy. If we get this deal passed, the voices of business up and down the country want a decision want the UK to move forward in a smooth and orderly way, and the best way of addressing the concerns of his constituents is to get drugs. It done Donyell fake mr. speaker at the Dover frontline that we have long been ready for any eventuality, Deal or No Deal to leave the European Union. But what we now need is certainty, because uncertainty and it's dragging on is becoming economically damaging. So has he having any representations and party opposite about how they'll assist we're getting on with brexit, or has he only ever heard, as I have heard that they simply want to cancel brexit and defy the British people? Yesterday absolutely agree with my honourable friend that what we need is certainty and what the Prime Minister's deal office is exactly that, and what we have from the bench is often opposite is more differ, more delay, a desire for a second referendum, and yet no clarity as to how long that sec of referendum would take those. They found the minister's political reasons for the reluctance around the Ben Act, but it is the law of the land and it's important because I'm worried from what he said that he seems to give the impression it's only about sending a letter. It's more than that section. One subsection 4 of the Ben Act requires that the Prime Minister quote must seek to obtain an extension. So it's not just a matter of sending a letter must seek to obtain that extension and that involves using the Prime Minister's best in Devon endeavours. His good faith in trying in trying to it must there's a duty on the Prime Minister Mr Speaker that he must seek to obtain an extension. So will the Minister acknowledged that the legal duties on the Prime Minister are not simply about sending an unsigned letter? Well, the reality is this is Parliament's letter and the Prime Minister has sent Parliament's letter, but he's been clear that he will comply with the law. He has complied with the law. That is reflected in the comments of figures such as Lord Panik, but he is also entitled to express his views and that's exactly what he's done. Andrew Percy, you, mr. speaker, can I say that lots of my constituents in Eastern, North, Lincolnshire, think about what happened on Saturday. Was a Westminster Bubble smartypants little stitch up to stop us, leaving the European Union October 31st, and you know what mr. speaker that's exactly what it was and can I say to him. The reason why October the 31st is so important is because so many people in this country, particularly across the north of England, have figured out what's going on in here. There is an attempt to play for time to delay, delay and delay with the one and simple aim which is to overturn the referendum. Result that people in here never accepting and never had any intention of accepting really. My honourable friend he's absolutely right. The house said that it didn't believe the Prime Minister would get a deal. He did get a deal. They said they wanted a meaningful vote. Then, when the opportunity is presented to have a meaningful vote, they make it meaningless his time for those games to stop was to get a deal through and the opportunity to do so is the sport that we draw an agreement bill that legislates on the deal the Prime Minister has reached Kevin McDonald. The Chancellor has responded to the Treasury Select Committee's request of three months ago, asking for updated economic analysis of the free trade agreement that the government- this is the primary audio circuit for the Reuters lives. This is the primary audio circuit for the Reuters lives. This is the primary audio circuit for the Reuters lives. This is the primary audio circuit for the Reuters live. The new leadership II I have to consider what actions the UK government would take in response. It have to model what would happen elsewhere in the in the world, for example in terms of China and the US. So the reality is one can't do a focused on these things, but it's right that the house will have an opportunity to negotiate these and to discuss these as part of shaping the Monday for the future Boone Thank You. Mr. speaker, I, think the leader of the Opposition was slightly wrong in his question. When he said the letter takes no deal off the table, that's impossible because it's up to the other nations of the European Union, where they grant an exception extension or not. The only way, sir. You can definitely take no deal off the table is, as someone else once said, his vote for this deal and that's exactly what this house should do to the second degree I've. My own will friend and I'm grateful to him for his support for the deal and the reality is. As he says, this is Parliament's letter, but any extension would require the agreement of all 27 member states, and that is something that is outside of Parliament's control, I'm, not quite sure from her expression. Whether the right honourable lady of the member from Maidenhead is welcoming the Honorable gentleman's belated support or regretting the fact that it wasn't on offer at a rather earlier stage, both Thank You mr. Steven Doughty, Thank You mr. speaker, and one of the reasons why bleed for the government and wanted to try and bounces on saxing wants to bounces again was actually to hide some of the content and some of the revelations that will come out in the bill which we will see published shortly and I think they'll be great concerns not only on this side of house, but indeed from others who take a very different from position for me on greg's it. But I want to take the secretary back to the question that my rattled friend is now not in his place. The chair of the committee asked about customs declarations, export decorations between Northern Ireland and the UK. Will he confirm that what he said to Lord would in the other place, was that export declaration paperwork would be happy to carry out and therefore essentially, firms in Northern Ireland will be having to carry out paperwork and whether digital or otherwise, to trade within their own country within the United Kingdom, and will he also confirm whether that will apply going back in the opposite direction or not, as I said in response to the earlier question, I'm very happy to confirm that it is the case that, in respect of some international obligations, then there will be occasions where informations needed electronically for the movement of goods, and that is in the Corden's with international obligations. But the reality is he taught us about balancing decision maker we've already had two extensions. The house has a debated these issues endlessly the withdrawal agreement, the first version of withdrawal agreement was published as long ago as last November. The reality is, is he doesn't want any brexit? He wants a second referendum, he wants to remain and he will do everything he can to frustrate breaks. It happening mr. robot Hal Vaughn. Thank you very much. Mr. speaker, can we write another letter to the European Union saying that we utterly oppose having a second referendum, but does my writer Hawke when not agree that a second referendum is a betrayal offer many thousands of harlow voters who voted and even thousand millions of working people across the country? We should respect him obviously and implement the result. 2016, but I absolutely agree with my honourable friend. The second referendum would simply take us back to square one. It would create huge uncertainty, huge delay and prolong the paralysis of this Parliament when we need a general election and to let the people decide just in matters. Mr. Speaker I want to return to the issue of the economic impact assessment, because the effects of all this on manufacturing leave. My constituents in particular, is absolutely critical, so I don't know whether the government are unwilling or unable to release any information. They've got on this, but surely the Minister can see. How important is that we have all this information before we make any decisions. After all, he wouldn't buy a house without looking at the deeds. Would he, but the point that is missing is the free trade agreement is still to be negotiated and what is causing damage to businesses in his constituency and elsewhere? He's reflected in, for example, the comments of people like Lord Rose, who was a leader of the remain campaign who now recognizes that what is damaging to business is the own going uncertainty. We need to bring that uncertain to an end, and it is his continued refusal to vote both for a deal that, whilst also opposed in No Deal, which is prolonging the uncertainty and damaging the interests of businesses in his constituency. Here. Mr. speaker, I, don't know if used.