My colleagues in Parliament study this agreement that they will want to vote for it on on Saturday and then in in succeeding days. This is our chance in the UK as Democrats to get brexit done and come out on October. The 31st is our chance to focus on our priorities: the people's priorities, the NHS, putting 20,000 police on the streets of lifting up funding of education across the country, the biggest expansion of the the living wage. Those are the things I think the people of our country want us to be focusing on. In addition to brexit we've we've been at this now as I say for three and a half years, it hasn't always been an easy experience for the UK. It's been long, it's been painful, it's being divisive, and now is the moment for us as a country to come together now, there's a moment for our parliamentarians to come together and get this thing done and, as I say, to begin building a new and progressive partnership with our EU friends and with whom, of course, we share so many priorities. Now I have to go to dinner, they're late fairly. Soon but I'm told to keep this very tight indeed, but I'm going to I'm going to go to - Laura Kreuzberg of the BBC. Thank you very much. We can keep this very tight, two very quick questions. Why are you confident this can get through Parliament when it doesn't seem to be the case at home and what earth will you do if this falls on Saturday? Well, thanks, Laura I think that there is, as I say, a very good case for MPs across the House of Commons to express the Democratic one of the people, as we pledged many times to do, and to get brexit done and as I have never tired of telling as I repeat again, I, don't think there is any case for delay. We should get on and get it done by October. The 31st Robert prime minister was there literally no other way of getting the deal other than to turn over your partners in government. The Democratic Unionist Party I think this is a very good deal for every part of the UK, and particularly for for Northern Ireland and I would point out that, as I say just now from the beginning, Northern Ireland will be able to join with the rest of the UK in doing free trade deals around the world and and all the other benefits that flow from membership of the the UK market and, of course, without having a a any checks, any infrastructure of any kind at the border in Northern, Ireland, I. Think in that respect, it is a a great success. I'm going to take two more questions and I'm gonna go to distinguished mr. Dibble, be in the front, but how will this deal help heal the deep divisions over brexit in the country? I? Think that's a very, very important question and I do think that the answer is that it will, because what it will enable us to do is to get as I say the process of extraction behind us and enable us to come together and focus on building a new partnership with our friends across the channel. Our friends. It's not just our friends in Brussels, but obviously in every other European capital. One of the things that we're doing is building and strengthening our bilateral relations as well and expanding our own networking across the European capitals, George Parker and then that's it I'm afraid. Take it take a few more promise. We heard what John called you had to say earlier about the fact that he personally didn't think there was should be an extension to the brexit process beyond October 31st. Did you ask your fellow leaders to make a similar commitment and have they done so my views be very clear for a long time they just say: I, don't think that delays is to the advantage of the of the UK or indeed of the whole of the of Europe I. Think people want to to move this thing on it's been going on for for a long time and and that's a view that seems to be to be quite widely shared Tom, then Pippa, and then that really is it okay, Tom, fitter and then Beth and then that's it. Prime Minister you've suspended the whip from 21 Tory MPs when they voted for the been acts. Will you treat this vote on Saturday as a similar conference motion, and will you suspend them it from you, Tory MPs, who don't vote for this deal, I'm not going to get into whipping in this in this lustrous. Well, more I would I will say is that I do think. There is a a very good case for voting for this deal on all sides of the house, and we will certainly be taking that very very seriously on the whipping. Would you restore the width for the 21 MPs that you have that you have ejected from the party and what and why should Labour MPs, particularly trust you to deliver on your promises and political declaration over workers rights? That's a big problem! Thank you, Pippa, our on the on the on the vote. It's a big, an important vote in will be. It will be making further announcements about that in due course, and there are a series that there's colleagues, as you understand, they're a series of votes on the political declaration and that text I. Do think it is a good text it it gets to the heart of what we want to achieve us as a UK in our relations with the EU in the in the future, a best-in-class free trade deal, but also a fantastic new, deep and special partnership that we want to to build. Yes, it of course. It does also contain important provisions and commitments that this country gladly makes about our determination to maintain the highest possible standards both for the environment and for social protection. We make those commitments gladly and they're entirely right for our country to do a bet positively. Last question: Prime Minister, Nigel daughter, said earlier today that you were too eager by far to get a deal at any cost and the cost has been there support. You have the deal, but you don't have the votes, your predicament, no better than Teresa Mays. Are you making the same mistakes that she did well I think say: thanks Beth I think that this is a very good deal, I'm, very confident that when MPs of all parties look at this deal, they will see the merit of supporting it. Getting brexit done on October the 31st and honoring the mandate of the people honoring the promises that were made repeatedly by parliamentarians to the people to get breaks it done and giving us all a chance to move on. I think the imperative is is very, very strong. The opportunity is great, and so let's do it. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you.