First of all, your response to the Supreme Court ruling. Yes, obviously this is a verdict that we will respect and we respect the judicial process. I have to say I strongly disagree with what the justices have found. I, don't think that it's right, but we will go ahead and, of course, upon will come back. I do think, there's a good case for getting on with a Queen's speech anyway and we'll do that, but I think the most important things we get on and deliver brexit on October, the 31st and there's clearly a the claimants in this case are determined to try to to frustrate that and to stop that I. Think it'd be very unfortunate if Parliament made that objective, which were the people want, delivered more more difficult but we'll we'll get on. You say you want to get on with the Queen's speech, but you can't probe the court found that would be unlawful, honor undemocratic at this time. I'm, not certain that the justices did say that and I think that they certainly thought that the propagation that we chose was not something that they could approve of I. It's an unusual judgment to to come to. In my view, Parliament has used prorogation for many. The levy per the property of prorogation is a very old one, and it's not I think been contested before in this way, and the main thing is: look we're gonna, get on and deliver brexit on October 31st. Yes, of course, Parliament will not have to come back, but you know we'll respect that and get on with it. So you mean some press ahead with a fresh as it were prorogation, even though the corners given the highly critical verdict that it has, because, as of now Parliament is still sitting in session. That's that's right, but I. Don't think that the justices remotely excluded the possibility of having a queen speed, but what we will certainly do is ensure that Parliament has plenty of time to debate. Brexit publishing, debating brexit for for three years solidly now is the chance for us to get a deal come out of the EU on October, the 31st, and that's what we're gonna. Do the court found that your actions were not only unlawful but essentially undemocratic? Do you not feel some? Some form of some expression of regrets or even apology might be required. Well, as I say, I strongly disagree with this decision of the of the Supreme Court I have art most respect for our judiciary. I, don't think this was the right decision. I think that the problem of prorogation has been used for for centuries without this kind of without this kind of challenge, it's perfectly usual to have a Queen's Speech, that's what we want to do, but, more importantly, let's be no doubt there are a lot of people who want to frustrate Rexie. There are a lot of people who basically want to stop this country coming out of the EU, and we have a parliament that is unable to beep roads unable to doesn't want to have an election and I think it's time we took things forward you so you weren't extend brexit, but how do you avoid doing that? Now? You've run out of options well on the country, the the law as the law currently stands, the UK leaves the EU on October, the 31st come what may, but the interesting thing that will the exciting thing for us. Now is to is to get a good deal and that's what we're working on and we always have you John. It's not made much easier by this kind of stuff in in in Parliament or in in the courses. It would obviously getting a deal. It is not made much easier against this background, but we're gonna get on. Do it good? Just finally, you say, as the law stands, we leave on October the 31st. That's not true. Is it as the law stands. We cannot leave with no deal on October the 31st without the permission of Parliament as the law stands, we leave on October. The 31st and I am very hopeful that we will get a deal and I think what the people of the the country want is to see parliamentarians coming together, working on in the national interest to get this thing done and that's what we're going to do. Prime Minister thank thank you.