Good evening I'm deputy chief constable Potter Mills from Essex place, this is a fast-moving investigation involving significant police resources dedicated to finding out the truth about what happened to the 39 people found dead in a lorry on Wednesday I'd like to start by addressing the amount of speculation in the media and on social media surrounding the investigation. We owe it to those who've died to get this investigation right and speculation is not helpful. It may in fact hinder our investigation and its progress. The force will not be commenting on any speculation about the nationalities of those who have tragically lost their lives. I strongly urge journalists and people on social media not to speculate about the identities of those involved. All the circumstances surrounding this investigation, we gave an initial sneer on Thursday on nationality. However, this is now a developing picture, as such I will not be drawn on any further details until formal identification processes approved by Her Majesty's coroner have taken place, I can confirm. We have offices working around the clock and we have now arrested a fourth person a 48 year old man from Northern Ireland was arrested at Stansted Airport earlier today on suspicion of conspiracy to traffic people and on suspicion of manslaughter. It follows the arrest of a 38 year old man and a 38 year old woman from Warrington during it warrants executed in Cheshire overnight. They are currently in custody also on suspicion of conspiracy to traffic people and on suspicion of manslaughter a 25 year. Old man arrested on Wednesday on suspicion of murder remains in custody. We are working closely with the National Crime Agency, the Home Office, the Foreign and Commonwealth Office border force and immigration enforcement. We have begun the process of transporting the victims from the port of tilbury to the mortuary at Brimfield. Hospital formal identification processes will take place, as well as the examinations to establish the causes of their deaths. This process is likely to be a lengthy one, but it is crucial and we're working with her Majesty's coroner to ensure the dignity of the victims and the respect for their loved ones is at the forefront of our investigation, I'm acutely aware of the international interest in this case and the appetite for information, and we will provide more updates as in when we can the scene at the lauter Glade Industrial Estate in Eastern. Avenue has now been closed and I'd like to reiterate my thanks to every person and business who's been impacted by the essential work we've been carrying out there since Wednesday morning. Finally, I would like to speak directly to anyone who thinks their loved ones may have been in the trailer I know you may be worried about speaking to the police and I would like to reassure you that we just want to be able to give the victims families answers about what has happened. I can't begin to comprehend what some of you must be going through right now you have my assurance that Essex police will be working tirelessly to understand the whole picture to this absolute tragedy. I'd also like to make an appeal to anyone living illegally in this country who could help our investigation. Please come forward and speak to us without fear. I can assure you that your information will be received in the strictest confidence and no criminal actions will be taken against you. If you do not feel able to speak to the police directly, please contact Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on Oh 8 hundred travel 5 treble 1. Thank you. Thank you. Guys.