My call was perfect what these guys are doing. Democrats are doing to this country. Is it disgrace and it shouldn't be allowed? They should be a way of stopping it. Angry and cornered u.s. President Donald Trump lashed out at the stunning whistleblower allegations I think the whistleblower did the right thing. I think he followed the law every step of the way as the Acting Director of National Intelligence testified before Congress about why the whistleblowers concerns described as urgent and credible weren't immediately brought forward for scrutiny. This has never happened before, but they again, this is a unique situation. The whistleblower complaint alleges Trump used his power to solicit for an election interference, naming Rudy Giuliani and Attorney General William Barr as part of the effort. Thank you very much' to do that. Thank you very much. The chief allegation surrounds Trump's phone call with Ukraine's president, in which Trump asked for an investigation to dig up dirt on Joe Biden. His political rival, I want to say the president. This is not okay, it isn't that conversation is not okay and I. Think it's disappointing to the American public when they read the transcript, but the whistleblowers full complaint alleges a full-scale cover-up. The whistleblower says: senior White House officials had intervened to lock down all records of the phone call. Adding White House officials told me that they were directed by White House lawyers and the whistleblower says it goes beyond the Ukraine call. This is not the first time under this administration that a presidential transcript was placed into this code word level system solely for the purpose of protecting politically sensitive rather than national security. Sensitive information, as Trump has made it clear. He wants to know who the whistleblower is and seems to be hinting that person should be punished at a private event in New York this morning, Trump said the person is close to being a spy, and then he made reference to how the u.s. used to execute spies for treason, Donna and Jackson. Do we know anything about who this whistleblower might be? Well, the New York Times reports. The person is a CIA officer who was assigned to work inside the White House but is no longer posted there. I should point out the paper is facing heavy criticism for releasing those details, but the Times says the role of the individual and their credibility is part of the story and that's why they've decide to publish this type of information.