We believe that an ounce of practice is worth more than a ton of preaching Tom Hartman capulets me non-fossil fuel, considering Ferrara, hey, hum, 20:22 third renewable energy. My ethnic capacity go 175 gigawatt that laser a origami say: 450 gigawatt, talk, legend equally oppressive at the high deutschland designer fine, photon international or national international, the ed india on swim, it'll fit in bed. Fighting climates France way of here million all suits 5014 in space. On the Libyans comma, four million in in Green Climate Fund outside visits, non-scientific Lima reads: eco physician woman is inside yet st., not T from then these faucets and barrage. Despite roses, Prime Minister, please tell us. Our business community is stepping out with a climate leaders coalition that together represents fully sixty percent of New Zealand's gross emissions. Our farming leaders have made their own commitment to cutting emissions as a result of food production over the next five years. We will collaborate to build systems that every farmer will be able to use to measure manage and reduce their own farms emissions. We are determined to show that New Zealand can and will be the most sustainable food producer in the world. What we need from the world community is partnership, because clearly, climate changes is something which individual countries can't do anything unless and until the world gets together. Pakistan only contributes less than one percent to the greenhouse gas emissions, yet we are number seven country that is most vulnerable to global warming and climate change. If the temperatures keep rising at the rate, they are. We face catastrophe, because people, millions and millions of people depend on on the water from our rivers, but my other warriors- and this is I- think even more serious- that the world is not taking it as seriously as it should be. I fear that somehow some countries think, but that, because climate change doesn't immediately affect them, they are not taking this as big as an issue. It is going to be young people. Above all, young people are here providing solutions, insisting on accountability and demanding urgent action. They are right. My generation has failed in its responsibility to protect our planet, that must change, can be okla, mad citizen or principalities. Our feels que debemos a frontal differential, Romagna estas, a mother cultivar, three grand a holiday morales honesty does responsabilidad Valentia connect order. The police tell doses assembly to the milkings, the community international tomo conciencia. There are hence a necesidad de dar una respuesta colectivo para Culliver are in a constitution and metric as a common sin embargo, pasado cuatro, años de aquel, acuerdo, historic Oh, so service como la compra me so contrary dos por, los Estados todavía son muy flow hos. Yes, tan lejos del casar, associative, Oprah, bestows UN, Toa, tantas initiative, 'as no sólo por parte de Rojo Piero's cena de toda, la sociedad seville en Cesario preguntar say she exists. A una, verdadera, voluntad, política, para destin are Majoris. Wreckers owes you Manos financiero, ze technological afin de mitigate or negative owes del cambio climatic. Oh yes, you Darla, población s, poverty vulnerable a case under came after so free. You.