Very interested in today, I'd like to first of all introduce myself. My name is Brian Rothenberg I'm, the director of public relations for the United Auto Workers. We just finished a meeting of the UAW GM council I. Believe most of you have gotten some of the highlights that we have put out today. You will be receiving a press release shortly that the UAW GM council has voted to recommend for ratification the contract. However, they have also recommended that we remain on the strike line until the vote on ratification. Ratification meetings will start on Saturday and they are expected to have their ballots turned in on a week from Friday or eight days from now, so I need to first of all, on behalf of the UAW, think I thank our UAW GM members and their families, who have put in overwhelmingly sacrifice. They have made an incredible effort at showing what union is. They have stood on the lines together because they stood up for things that they felt were important and continue to do so. Their leaders are incredibly grateful. I can tell you that from the meeting and incredibly profoundly impacted by the overwhelming support of the community of the different cities that we are in of this nation, this strike actually became more than just a strike for the UAW. It was about the hearts and minds of American workers in the middle class. It was an outpouring of support that I think president Jones, and vice president did it said they will never ever forget. It was that profound and we thank people for all the goods and services that they've given us, their friends and their neighbors for the outpouring of support. As you know, we went on strike over the issues of a path to permanency for temporary workers, job security, fair wages, affordable quality health care and a fair share of the profits. I will go through some of the highlights that you already have seen that are on UAW org. The contract gives full-time temporary workers a shortened path to permanent status and into a regular status of a job and improves their paid and unpaid time off for temporary workers. We would hope that this contract wants our members weigh in and they are the ultimate authority, but regardless of what this contract ends up, that this issue, dealing with permanent temporary workers is the beginning of the end of perm attempts, not only in this industry, but in this nation there will be no change to the health care plan. There will be a ratification bonus of $11,000 for hourly workers and a ratification bonus of $11,000 for salaried workers. The cap has been lifted on profit-sharing. Many of you know that GM has made 34 billion dollars in profits over the past three years. One of those years they exceeded 12 billion dollars in profits, and they were capped. So our members could not share in those profits above twelve billion dollars. It adds money to their personal savings of a thousand dollars. It provides a program for all current workers to $32.32 in four years. It shortens the progression time and all of the current employees that are regular employees would be at 3232. It provides wage increases of three three percent gross wage increase two years and four percent lump sums. The skilled trades will get a thousand-dollar tooling allowance. The legal services benefit plan now includes spouses and additional services. Vacation has been enhanced. Many of our members would be forced to use what little vacation they had when they started two weeks during the shutdown in July. They will now only have one week and they will have the option with the other time to use it or go on layoffs where they can get unemployment, and there are bonuses built in to this contract for eligible production workers up to 2,000 who retire between December 31st of this year and February 28th of 2020. So I will take a few questions at this point in time. I want to emphasize that, as you saw today, that UAW is a democratic union. Our members will make this decision the members of General Motors, that is, the commitment of Vice President Dennis and president Jones, and that is what will happen and understand that it is their contract. It is in their hands and the decision has been made that they will stay out until the ratification day and that came directly from the leadership body downstairs. One other issue: while we were in our meeting today, Aramark hit a TA tentative agreement as usual, where there's an educational session and there's a boat or will there be education sessions and boats there's education sessions that are being scheduled around the country. They start in the regions that it will also be in each of the locals. The local unions help set that up and help set up the election times. Those are all run by the local unions and the instruction will be in a letter that you'll, probably see I'm sure it'll be on Facebook, because everything is these days, but I believe there will be an instruction going out to all the local unions later today, and it will explain to the local unions how the process should go and, and the one thing that it will outline is that we, with all the votes and by the 25th. So it's an eight-day vote. Yes, sir I will have to check on that. What I would say is that this this period allows for the current temporary workers. It allows most temporary workers to move up at or out I believe there's. It's almost life-changing for some in the first year, they're gonna move up directly and then they would also, as they move up in this progression, to become permanent employees. They get credit for their time served. The one issue I would also point out by the way, is that there's a provision that you'll see in there that that you know has a 30-day provision because there has to be consecutive days, but you do have 30 days that, if you're off or something like that, that it doesn't count toward that I believe that we've seen that our members do incredible things I think our members are incredibly tuned in to this contract and I. Don't think that will be a problem getting in to vote on this contract. I'm. Sorry, although all of our workers will remain on strike until the ratification. I will say this. As you will see in the highlights. We remain strongly opposed to the decision to unallocated these plants will continue to make our effort to fight for these jobs in America, I. Think our national negotiators and all of us did everything they could I. Think that you will see that we tried to do our best when we realize the situation for the workers in those plants by the assistance package we were able to negotiate and because the unions exist, we were able to do that. I think that most of our members understand and all of our leaders understand the reluctance of what happened and I'm from Ohio I understand it. I'm from around the valleys, I'm gonna take a couple more, but it's basically just sticking to the the topics that we have in the contract. Well, some of these aren't even in this contract or subject to this contract, for instance the battery plant that you've written about and the stuff about Lordstown. If it even happens, all that is not necessarily in this contract, so I'll leave it at that. You know I'm gonna, stick to what's in the contract and what's in our highlights, or today it takes two people to negotiate I'll just leave it at that. I think everybody understands how serious that issue is well I, think the structure of it has changed a little bit too. So you know I mean the problem. Is not everything is in here in this contract, so I'll leave it at that in the highlighter. We specifically talked about product in the highlighter. It's right here on. We talked about the product issue, so I they're, the locals, we'll set that up. I do not because I was in the GM meeting, so I don't know the details and that's why I sip it and that's why Vice President did us is not here right now the local leaders made the decision that they felt strongly that they should stay out until the vote. I can't speak for the local leaders other than tell you. They felt strongly that it was important to them and their members that they have the opportunity to vote and make this decision all right. Yeah, surgeon, Drimmer, you don't like to try honey jobs. Is that will that be? What else is the company so, as I discussed Jim its some of these things are not in this contract, so I'm sticking to what's in the contract. That's one of the issues that we have here, but I just want to make it very clear that I mean you've. All read on it: what the investments are? It's it's we're in a different situation here, where you have some things that are not subject to the master agreement. So with that I'm going to go if you've ever been in a UAW meeting, it's very democratic and everybody wanted their chance to talk. Aramark workers right now have hit a tee. A I've got a double check on that, but I believe that they do not have to cross the picket line, so they will probably remain out, usually does not take long correct. It does then next Friday, that's my understanding. Yes, I would wait for I would wait for Terry's letter. It will instruct the locals and I'm sure you'll see it on Facebook on how to how to get these. No I'm telling you that no I'm telling you I'm telling you that some of these are not subject to the national agreement, because they're not part of the GM agreement. They're up there they're part of these well I I will get you more information on it. I have just been in a marathon meeting myself. I will get you more information on that investment in due time. I think it's up to the members. I would never speak for the members. You know I think that there are days again. I will get you more information and I'm here to answer. What's in the actual agreement that is here the best. Where is this well I, you know, look I told you I would get back to you all on it. I will get back to you on it. When we have that listed out, I will tell you that our folks have been working diligently. They were up all night so, but I will also tell you that some of these investments are not under the master contract. Okay, I will. Let them work that out I believe they do not have to cross the picket line, so I would anticipate that they don't have one yet because they just hit it to you all right. Thank you.