Hello, everybody so I just met with President Trump and he is authorized and will be signing a new executive order, giving the Treasury Department in consultation with himself and secretary Pompeo, very significant new sanctions authorities that can be targeted at any person associated with the government of Turkey any portion of the government. This will be both primary sanctions and secondary sanctions that will be applicable. The president is concerned about the ongoing military offensive and potential targeting of civilians, civilian infrastructure, ethnic or religious minorities, and also the president wants to make very clear. It is imperative that turkey not allow even a single Isis fighter to escape again I want to emphasize. At this point we are not activating the sanctions but, as the president has said, he will provide very significant authorities based upon the continuing efforts, so he will be signing this. They will be active. We will be working in consultation with the Department of Defense and Department of State to monitoring this very quickly. We are putting financial institutions on notice that they should be careful and that there could be sanctions again. There are no sanctions at this time, but this will be the broadest executive authorities delegated to us, and can you tell us when would you put it through sanctions and what would it actually actually okay? Well on? No I, don't think he thinks his actions are. What led to this, it is a complicated situation, is a situation that we're all concerned about and the humanitarian situation, and there are very clear discussions that will be going on between the Department of Defense and the State Department I just got off the phone with the finance minister, and we will be communicating specifics that we're not going to tell I want to make sure everybody knew in advance. I wasn't talking about China, because I didn't when I think I was calling his specific China meeting. We have had productive two days of discussions, ambassador light Houser and myself with the Vice Premier and others. We will be meeting with the president shortly. We will be updating the president on those he'll then be meeting with the Vice Premier I wouldn't be surprised if, like usual, he decides to invite a few of you in, but I'm not going to make any other comments in advance of us meeting with the president. The stock market is very optimistic about what it sees over at the US two years TRS office. Are they right to be optimistic stock markets always right again, I'm, not I'm, not going to make any more comments. I've said: we've had productive two days of discussions, we'll be making more announcements after we meet with the president. Yes, so far, Turkey has not been dissuaded by anything this administration has done or the president has said. What makes you confident that the announcement that you just made is going to change turkeys. Why I don't know I, don't agree with your premise: I'm not going to comment on specific confidential discussions that have been going on on different levels. So I, don't think that's a good premise, but again these are very powerful sanctions. We hope we don't have to use them, but we can shut down the Turkish economy if we need to these sanctions help these US allies who say they have been abandoned again. It's a complicated military situation that is ongoing. There are discussions, I think the president has had very specific discussions. As I said the Department of Defense. We have expectations. This is a way of making sure that we protect the manatorian issues and the other people on the ground. I'm, not aware of anything. That's changed but again, I'm, not confirming that I just haven't heard anything one way or another with lawmakers like Lindsey Graham, senator Van Hollen, who has been really very critical of the pullout of US troops from Syria secretary Pompeo, has been speaking to them daily I've, been speaking to the secretary multiple times a day. I think the message to Congress is I know that people were contemplating sanctions were on top of sanctions. The president will use them when necessary. Thank you. Everybody. You, you.