Now that the election is over Canada and the US are back to getting the new NAFTA deal ratified, it's been formally signed by Canada the US and Mexico, but only the Mexican government has ratified it and it can't be implemented until all three countries do so today an influential American congressman was in Ottawa talking trade and our Mike look at or caught up with him Mike. What did he tell you? Donna, the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, wants assurances from Canadian ministers that new labor regulations in the new NAFTA can be properly enforced in Mexico Democrat Richard Neil discussed that with both the Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and foreign affairs minister Christian Freeland today, labor leaders have long complained that Mexico doesn't have proper unions to protect workers and no mechanism to prevent companies from moving production from Canada or the u.s. to the much cheaper labor in Mexico see you SMA has tighter rules. Chairman Neil wants to make sure companies operating in Mexico are caught and penalized if they break those new labor laws on us, MCA we're very close, but we need some guarantees as it relates. Not just to Canada, but also their help with labor enforcement, as it relates to Mexico. How has it helped that they have been down to Mexico I know our Labor Minister has been down. You guys have been down as well. What needs to happen for this to finally move over the finish line, especially on them. We think that we want a series of guarantees. They're pretty basic, we've reached a chord on many of these issues, but we've also decided in the Ways and Means Committee with the working group that nothing is settled until everything settled a Canadian source tells me. The meetings went well, partly because Canada reinforced that it is providing technical support to Mexico to help review all union contracts. As for ratification of the new NAFTA on this side of the border, the next step is for the Liberal government to reintroduce a ratification bill. That is, whenever Parliament resumes.