As temperatures slowly rise and the threats from climate change become more obvious, I'm surrounded by fire, the leadership of a once dominant force on the world stage is eroding so we're getting out. President Trump has officially started the process of leaving the non-binding treaty, a pact that nearly the entire globe remains. A part of he's walked away from our allies and left chaos and confusion in his wake. Thank you. It takes a full year to bow out, and that gives president Trump something to take on the campaign trail. The Paris Accord would have been shutting down. American producers with excessive regulatory restrictions, like you would not believe the president attacks on climate change often fly in the face of individual states. Attempts to tackle it. He revoked California's right to set pollution limits on cars. The Environmental Protection Agency wants to roll back regulations on how waste from coal fire power plants is stored and disposed of. Trump's environmental policy even includes an attack on energy-efficient light bulbs. It is a gap and worse than a gap, in terms of not having a federal government on side right now. An American absence in the treaty places a burden on the rest of the planet to help developing nations reach their targets for greenhouse gas reductions, but it also opens the door to large polluters to benefit financially. It certainly gives a country like China an economic opportunity to step in where the United States is not and to be the one that is producing the electric vehicles and the renewable energies of the future. That girl, the signing of the Accord, was seen as a win for future generations and with the 2020 election less than a year away. A shift at the White House could redirect the climate focus with re-entry to the agreement allowed at any point in the future. Despite the president's intent to leave the treaty, American officials will attend a major climate conference in Spain later this year and will remain active in ongoing negotiations. Regi Cecchini, Global, News, Washington.