Good morning, everybody thank you for being here today, just like to make a brief comment. Before we talk about Iran sanctions. I'm sorry British saw that the Dow had 29,000. The president's economic plans are clearly working, we're looking forward to the China signing us MCA and a very strong economy. This year, as previously announced by the president, we are announcing additional sanctions against the Iranian regime as a result of the attack on US and allied troops. First, the president is issuing an executive order authorizing the imposition of additional sanctions against any individual owning operating trading with or assisting sectors of, the Iranian economy, including construction manufacturing, textiles and mining, and, let me be clear: these will be both primary and secondary sanctions. The EO also allows us to designate other sectors in the future, as Secretary of Pompeo and me think is appropriate. Second, we are announcing 17, specific sanctions against Iran's largest steel and iron manufacturers, set three safe shells based entities and a vessel involved in the transfer of products. As a result of these actions, we will cut off billions of dollars of support to the Iranian regime and we will continue our enforcement of other entities. Third, we are taking action against eight senior Iranian officials who advanced the regime's destabilizing activity and were involved in tuesday's ballistic missile strike. Secretary of Pompeo will comment more on this. Today. Sanctions are part of our commitment to stop the Iranian regime's global terrorist activities. The president has been very clear. We will continue to apply economic sanctions until Iran stops its terrorist activities and commits that it will never have nuclear weapons now turn it over to secretary pump out Thank You Steven good morning. Everyone today, President Trump, is delivering on the pledge that he made the day after Iran attacked American forces in Iraq there will be a series of new sanctions. Secretary Newton just mentioned eight senior Iranian officials that are responsible for the regime's violence, both at home and abroad, we're striking at the heart of the Islamic Republic's inner security apparatus. These sanctions targets include the Secretary of the Supreme National Council and the commander of the Basij forces. That's the regime's brute squad, which is in the last few months, killed approximately 1,500 Iranians, who were simply demanding freedom. Our action also targets other senior leaders close to the Ayatollah they've carried out his terrorist plots and destabilizing campaigns across the Middle East and around the world they've employed soldiers across the region's battlefields they've trained militias in Iraq, Syria and elsewhere in the arts of domestic repression. Today, they're accountable with murder and ma'am, the goal of our campaign is to deny the regime the resources to conduct its destructive foreign policy. We want Iran to simply behave like a normal nation. We believe the sanctions that we imposed today further that strategic objective our campaign is composed of diplomatic, economic components, the deprive the regime of billions in revenue that regime has used to fuel death and destruction across the Middle East and all across the world. Sadly, the previous administration had opened up revenue streams for Iran, but under our administration revenue, oil revenues are down by 80% and Iran cannot access roughly 90 percent of its foreign currency reserves and not even two weeks ago, president rouhani of around admitted that our sanctions have cost around over 200 billion dollars in lost foreign income and investment. As long as Iran's Outlawz ways continue, we will continue to impose sanctions. Finally, I want to reiterate president Trump's concern for Americans and dual national citizens to say tained inside of Iran. Iran knows they. These individuals have committed no crime, they know the charges against them are fake. We will do all that we can to get each of them returned home safely to their families, but that will take just a few questions. Maury. You said we didn't know precisely when, and we didn't know precisely where. That's not the definition of imminent. The president has also suggested that there was some sort of attacking plan against an embassy. Perhaps several embassies. Can you clarify that you have specific information about an imminent threat and did you have anything to do with our embassies? We had specific emanation information on an imminent threat and those threat stream included attacks on US embassies period. Full stop completely true. Those are completely consistent, thoughts, I, don't know exactly which minute we don't know exactly which day it would have been executed, but it was very clear: Qasem Soleimani himself was plotting a broad, large-scale attack against American interests and those attacks were imminent against American facilities, including American embassies, military bases, American facilities throughout the region. Mr. secretary, in the initial hours after the missile attacks on al Assad, an airfield, it was believed that Iran may have taken steps to avoid US casualties. But then the chairman of Joint Chiefs, Mark Miller, came out. The Secretary of Defense came out, other officials came out to say no. These missiles were intended to kill Americans if it was Iran's intent to kill Americans. Does that not deserve some sort of response? I mean if somebody takes a shot at you and they don't hit you simply because you've done. Does that mean that they weren't trying to kill you so I look I'll defer to their partner defense on the details, but there's no doubt in my judgment, as I observed the Iranian activity in the region that night they had the full intention of caring killing US forces, whether that was our military folks or diplomatic folks who were in the region and I'm, confident that the response the president taken is appropriate. President said we don't want war, we want Iran to behave like a normal nation. The reason that the Secretary of Treasury are here this morning is to continue this campaign, our strategic effort to get Iran to behave in a way that doesn't continue their 40 year long effort to terrorize the world. Do you believe that the Iranians shot down a Ukrainian, International Airways plane? And if the Iranians shot that plane down, will there be consequences? We do believe that it's likely that that plane was shot down by an Iranian missile. We are we're gonna, let the investigation play out before we make a final determination. It's important that we get to the bottom of it. I've been on the phone, I was on the phone with President Solinsky. Just before I came here. I was on the phone with my Canadian counterpart. They were working to get their resources on the ground to conduct that thorough investigation, we'll learn more about what happened to that aircraft and when we get the results of that investigation, I am confident we and the world will take appropriate actions in response. Just gonna comment on that. The Treasury will issue waivers for anybody, whether it's Americans or others that can help facilitate the investigation, additional sanctions, including on the fixed force and secretary minuchin. At that point, you said I think we've done more sanctions on Iran than anybody and it's absolutely working since then. We've seen an escalation and violence from Iran shooting down the drone attacking the embassy, a contractor who's killed, US troops, how are sanctions, keeping the United States economic sanctions, keeping the United States United States interest more secure, I think we have a hundred percent confidence and we are consistent in our view that the economic sanctions are working, that if we didn't have these sanctions in place, literally Iran would have tens of billions of dollars. They would be using that for terrorist activities throughout the region and to enable them to do more bad things and there's no question by cutting off the economics to the regime. We are having an impact and, as the president has said, the fact that the Obama administration turned over a hundred and fifty billion dollars to the regime. We think we wouldn't be in this situation. Had that not been the case just that it's important to keep in mind what's taking place in Iran today. This country has never been in the place that it is today big, challenging problems, their budget they're gonna fail by tens of billions of dollars or cheating their revenue before this year. They've got real challenges and figuring out how to make difficult decisions. Do you under a DES block? Do you pick Hamas? Do you under eight the Shia militias in Iraq, or do you allow your people to have the opportunity to live the life they want and grow your economy? Those are the difficult choices that the regime is facing and you can see the protests protests that we expect will continue. That will demand from the Iranian regime that they begin to treat the Iranian people in the way that they so richly deserve, and this administration will continue to support those efforts as well. You mentioned secondary sanctions here. What is your message to our European allies, who continue to do business with the Iranians and then specifically, if you can, will this impact the in Tech's barter mechanism that was set up by a number of European countries to avoid US sanctions to continue to do business without using the US dollar sure? Thank you. I think those are both very important questions. So let me first comment on insects. I, don't believe, there's been any insects transactions, as we've made clear. We are working on a Swiss channel that we have approved for humanitarian transactions, we'll continue to allow humanitarian transactions, we've warned insects and others that they will most likely be subject to secondary sanctions, depending on how they use that. So that's absolutely the case as it relates to the Europeans. Both the secretary and I have spoken to our counterparts in Europe several times over the last few days, we've emphasized the impact and the issue of Iran has announced that they are no longer part of the jcpoa and we've had very direct conversations with our counterparts about that. What is your definition of imminent? This was gonna happen and American lives were risk and we would have been culpably negligent. As the chairman of the Joint Chiefs assessed said, we would have been culpably negligent and we now recommended the president that he take this action in Qasem Soleimani. He made the right call and America's safer as a result of that we're gonna try to do a 5/10 for everybody. This event, as many people can get questions, I don't mean to cut you off, but we're trying to go ahead. I mean we did from my colleague buddy sir. At six months ago, secretary Obama, the president, said that US intelligence agencies had been running amok. He spent most of the past three years, he's been in office denigrating and attacking the intelligence community and disputing findings. Whether it's on Russia or North Korea were really any area that contradicts things that he has sent perfectly. Why, then, should Americans suddenly believe your assertions that we've had good intelligence on this, when the head of the executive branch has been casting aspersions on the intelligence community for most of his time in office? Look I served as the CIA director for the first year and a half of this administration, I watched the president rely on the work that the intelligence community did for the entire time. I served as the head of the Central Intelligence Agency I've watched him rely on the capable men and women who are delivering exquisite information to the executive branch watch. The president have confidence in that information. We all challenge their work. We have to make sure we get it right. The intelligence community is not flawless. We we get it wrong in this case, the intelligence community got it fundamentally right, even the reflections we've seen after the effect after effect after this strike, the costume Suleiman took, has demonstrated that we were quite right. There was an imminent attack, there was active plotting and we took an action that we thought was likely to create less risk for the American people and confident that we did US troops from Iraq immediately. If that the case, can you comment on that? He didn't quite characterize the conversation correctly, but to the larger more important point. We are happy to continue the conversation with the Iraqis about what the right structure is our mission set. There is very clear: we've been there to perform a training mission to help the Iraqis, secure forces be successful and to continue the campaign against Isis to connect in near the counter - campaign. We're going to continue that mission, but as the as times change, and we get to a place where we can deliver upon what I believe and the President believes is our right structure with fewer resources dedicated to that mission. We will do so. We also have today NATO team- that's here at the State Department working to develop a plan which will get burden-sharing right in the region as well, so that we can continue the important missions to protect and defend and keep the American people safe, while reducing our costs, our resources and our burden and the risk to our soldiers and sailors who are in the region. Today, you said that the imminent threat was a threat to US embassies who didn't know precisely when or where last night the president said it was a threat to embassies, including to our Baghdad embassy. Why can you say that here and the president could say it at a rally in Toledo, but no one said it to lawmakers behind closed doors and a classified setting as multiple senators have? Since then we did, we thought we told them about the internet, all of the intelligence that we briefed that that you've heard today, I assure you in an unclassified setting we provide in the classified setting as well to be clear. You told them that embassies were the source word to be targeted. That was the imminent threat I'm not going to talk about the details of what we shared in the class if I said it, but make no mistake about it. Those leaders, those members of Congress who want to go access this same intelligence, can see that very same intelligence that will reflect well I. Describe you in what the president said. Last night threats are never gone great. It's always a lot of danger in the world. Well, always always a lot of danger in the world throughout the region. No, nobody believed that a single mission in any respect took down the risk of terror, terror from al Qaeda, terror from Isis terror from Al Shabaab. No, no one believes that president doesn't look at the list. Though, look at the achievements in the administration we took away the Caliphate in its entirety. We took down Hamza bin Laden. We took down al Baghdadi, we took down Qasem Soleimani. This is a list that has reduced the capacity for terrorists around the world to perform the functions that put American men, women and the homeland at risk were very proud of what we accomplished. We're going to stay the course when we take one more over there. Yes, next Wednesday to sign the face. One part of that deal, but China is also a big importer of Iranian oil and Iranian minerals and that's a big part of their economy as well. So how do you balance? Did you want? Are you concerned about the Iran issue coming up in either the signing of the phase 1 deal or the negotiation for the phase 2 deal? Well, let me just comment: I had no idea, you'd ask that question, but that's a good last question to end on. So let me first say that we are looking forward to the Chinese delegation coming next week. Phase 1 is very significant. It includes very significant components of changes to technology issues, intellectual property issues and 50 billion dollars, or purchases for our farmers. I would comment. I, don't agree with your comment that China is a big buyer of oil. The China state companies are not buying oil from Iran and I would just say we are having conversations with China as well, with any other counterparty on sanctions evasion. So, thank you very much. Thank you. Everybody.