Well, I just want to thank the people of Louisiana. You have been so great right from the beginning, right from the beginning and I'm thrilled to be back with thousands of loyal rock-ribbed American patriots. That's what you are! That's what we are you work hard. You pay your taxes, you raise your children, you follow our laws, you respect our police, you defend our values and you stand strong for God, family and country. Tomorrow you will head to the polls and you will vote to replace a Liberal Democrat who is sold you out, John bel Edwards, with a great new Republican governor. Now this Saturday, you also have a not a bad football game. Coming up right, not a bad I! Guess they're, both unbeaten I was watching a little bit of a clip today, your quarterback does not look too bad. Does he huh, but it's a great game LSU in Florida? So here's what you do. It's olive oil I want you to enjoy the game, but I don't really want you to enjoy the game. If you don't vote first, you know why, because you'll be sitting there watching some incredible football and you feel guilty, it will ruin your entire afternoon, so go out and vote and then go and enjoy the game. The way it should be enjoyed as you've seen under Republican leadership. America is stronger than ever before and that's what's happened. We've created six million new jobs and opened 10,000 new factories. Since my election, the United States has the hottest economy on earth. You know these prime ministers and presidents and kings and queens and I'd hate to say it sometimes dictators, but we take them as they come right. We take them as they come, but they always sort of sir congratulations on the great job. You've done with the economy that the hottest number that the hottest economy in world we've got the number one economy anywhere in the world and had our opponent, gotten elected. You would right now be the number two economy to China and we are now so far ahead. It will never happen if smart people are standing. We've ended the war on American energy. With your help right here in Louisiana, the United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere on the planet and how about these Democrats? They want to get rid of oil. They want to get rid of natural gas. They want to go to wind, darlin, I, just can't watch the show tonight. The wind that just stopped blowing I can't watch LSU in Florida. There's no wind today, I'm angry I'm, really angry at John. Bel Edwards is nothing the job. We are securing our borders, taking care of our great veterans and restoring the unrivaled might of the US military like never before and by the way and we're going to introduce some. But you have two great senators here tonight. You have great congressmen. We approve something called veterans Choice. The veterans now can go see a doctor outside of the VA. If they have to wait for two weeks or three weeks or three days, they can go and they can see a doctor, we pay the bill, they get better. People are waiting for four five six seven weeks, so our veterans were taking care of a veteran. You notice that with the veterans because a lot of veterans here, but you notice it used to be all the time every time or there's a veteran where's, the vet right there. How are you, sir? It looks like a veteran: do not gonna mess with him great. Thank you very much, but you notice. We don't see the bad stories about the veterans. Now the fake news will go out all over the United. Well, there look. Nbc is one of the worst in the world there. Look there look for a veteran they're gonna find the veteran. That's, not a hundred percent happy and they're gonna make them a star, but you notice for a year and a half we've been in great shape right. They don't talk about the veteran your amount. You know what your police work fast. They work fast, they don't mess around in Louisiana. Do they? Oh, that was beautiful, I love to see it. Our police are great law enforcement, great for an incredible job, but all of our nation's gains are put at risk by a rage-filled Democrat Party that has gone completely insane for nearly three years. Democrats have waged a non-stop battle to overturn your vote, overruled your voice, override your values and overthrow the results of the most spectacular election in the history of our country, 2016. But your senators in your congressman and, frankly, the real senators and the real congressmen and women of this country, they're not standing for it. The good people of Louisiana will never ever stand for it. It's a hoax. It's a hope. The Democrats are fighting to restore the wretched political class that threw open our nation's borders, shift away our jobs sacrificed our wealth, surrendered, our sovereignty flooded, our cities with Drugs and Crime and Bob get us down in one foreign war after another, the endless wars have to stop half this time. We directly take it on the unholy alliance of corrupt Democrat politicians, deep state bureaucrats and the fake news media there. They are right there. You know it's really funny: I see all those red lights, so that means you live right as soon as I start talking about the fake news. I see those lights go off so fast, but then they come back on and you know why they come back on because last night, by far, all over a cable all over the place, the highest-rated show was what we did in Minnesota, a state that were going to win. That's why they come back on because they have no choice, they may hate jump, but they want to get those ratings. Hey what's gonna happen in 12, maybe 16 years, when I'm no longer president see I'm just driving their ratings are going to tank. I actually think they're going to endorse me, because if they don't, can you imagine having Pocahontas as your president, now the real Pocahontas we wouldn't have minded, but the fake Pocahontas you can't ever or how about sleepy Joe his son, who knows nothing about energy? Unlike the people in this room, he flies into the Ukraine. He flies into Ukraine. He walks out with a hundred and sixty eight thousand dollars a month. Three million dollars: never he doesn't know what a gasoline tank looks like and they're paying him hundreds of thousands a month. Then he flies into China and he takes out 1.5 billion dollars. I gotta tell you, you know: I just made a great China deal today for energy, for the farmer, for the banks, for so many euro technology. One of the grapes phase one is a big phase. In fact, the biggest problem it'll be 40 to 50 billion dollars in farm purchases. I, don't think our farmers can produce that much I said: that's okay! You know my people said sir. Could we make it 20 I said no make it 50 our farmers will buy more land and they'll buy bigger tractors. Now they actually said I want my farmers, I love. My farmers I want them to come back to me, sir. We can't produce this two larges so much sir. It's too much. We can't produce that much wheat and corn and all the stuff, because I want to tell you. I got China to order a lot. It's true! No, it's true! So China in their record year, of course, they'll catch it within you know two dollars. It was two dollars off. He gets a Pinocchio, although Schiff got four Pinocchios for making up what I said or a phone call shifty chef, but their biggest year was 16 billion dollars in Agra. That's a lot: 16 billion that'sa left corner. 16 billion was their biggest year, they're going to buy, not 16, not 20, not 30, not 40 they're going to buy between 40 and 50 billion dollars worth of Agriculture, and my people said to me, sir. They can't do it. They cannot produce that much I said you know what no that's show. My people wanted to stop at 20 I said I'm, not stopping at 20 I want them to come back and say, sir. We can't do it because I love my farmers but they're gonna be out there. Busy they'll be going they'll, be good, they're gonna, be more tractors, sold and they're, gonna be bigger and better and more powerful and they're gonna be made by American companies like John, Deere and cake and Caterpillar. So for you, sinners and you congressmen that are here- it was one hell of a deal. This is phase 1 phase 1. You got to see these and they are happy to do it. They are happy to do it. We had a great relationship, but I'll tell you so let me get back to Biden right. Remember: where's hunter, you know last night I said where's hunter. It became like the hottest thing in the whole country. I just said by the way, where's hunter, he walked out of China, so he walks out with 1.5 billion dollars and I said you know those aren't the same guys that I've been dealing with from China for the last year and a half, those guys don't give you a 1.5 billion, and you know nothing, that's not the same. Chinese people I want to meet those people. Instead of 50 billion, it would be five hundred billion dollars worth of corn. So it's a crooked deal and the fake news is always covering up for Joe Biden right, the fake news they go. While the claim is totally unsubstantiated. Every single discus with me any claim is: okay. With them, while the claim is totally unsubstantiated and I say, but it's not unsubstantiated, he took out a fortune out of Ukraine knew nothing took out a fortune out of China. How tough is China. I called one of the biggest people on Wall, Street friend of mine, really big, powerful guy disaster. I said. Let me ask you just one question: what are the chances of doing that? He said zero I said so you're the biggest on Wall Street Steve Steve you're the biggest. What are the chances you could do that he said even the big ones can't do that, but for a guy to walk in off the street with no experience a bad track record, just got thrown out of the Navy and he walks away with 1.5 billion, and then these people, these crooked people back there say this is totally unsubstantiated. Can you imagine John Kennedy bill? Can you imagine if Don jr. or if Eric trump or of our beautiful Ivanka, she worked so hard? Can you imagine if they walked out with one and a half billion dollars? They wouldn't be saying totally unsubstantiated they'd be saying where's, the nearest cell. This is a horrible thing, so it's a disgrace. What's going on, it's a whole big fat disgrace and it's very unfair to Republicans, but you know what we hear and they're, not the Democrats and the media, their partners, their partners. Okay, you ever see in the the word. Manufacturers never been used before for this we're talking about the southern border and they're talking about in a manufactured crisis. They said it was not a crisis that it was manufactured when you had caravans, we stopped it and the wall is being built like you've never seen before, but remember a few months ago, in a manufactured crisis, ABC NBC in a manufactured crisis, ABC again manufactured CNN crooked. As hell in a manufactured crisis manufactured. Then you go to CBS, ladies and gentlemen and a manufacturer there's a word that was never used, and yet every single network used it because you know what it's collusion. It's collusion. Luckily, with us, there was no collusion, that's the real collusion right there they colluded and they conspired to sabotage our incredible movement and they wanted to sieve the American voter and they want to hurt the American voter and we had an election in the history of our country. There's never been a greater victory than the victory we had in 2016 and we're going to have a bigger one in twenty they've been trying to stop us for more than three years with a lotta crap. You know the first time I heard about Russia. They said, sir, do you know anything about Russia? No, have you colluded with Russia and I laughed I thought they were kidding and weeks would go by out of here. Somebody else come up soon. These are they about Russia. No, no I know where it is I don't deal with it. I told the house to a guy about 12 years ago. He was from Russia that's a long time ago. No I don't know, then they come up again sure this Russia keeps coming up. Do you anything about it? This is the witch-hunt. This is the insurance Bali, for you know this. This was the insurance policy. Remember from the two lovers. If she doesn't win, we've got an insurance policy. These people are corrupt. These people are disgusting to two lovers and they put it on the FBI server, so their spouses wouldn't find out because they didn't want to put it on their private. That didn't work out too well for Peter struck, at least the parents. Did it Lisa I love, you I love, you Lisa, I love, you Lisa, I love you so much I can't even see straight Li, Lisa she's gonna win 100 million to nothing but just in case Lisa. My darling I love, you God just in case she doesn't. When we've got an insurance policy, essentially saying we're gonna take him out. These are corrupt people. Folks and then she said: Peter I love. You I, love you so much you're, so great Peter I. Don't think she loves him too much anymore. Do you I? Don't think she loves him. I hear that word is not too good. The word is she's, not in love anymore. We've been living through this so-called insurance policy because they know we're putting a stop to their pillaging and their plundering and their hoaxes. The Radical Democrats policies are crazy. There politicians are corrupt, their candidates are terrible and they know they can't win an election day so they're pursuing an illegal invalid and unconstitutional impeachment they're scammers and con artists perpetrating hoaxes and witch hunts. A man like Gregg Jarrett, great guy. He wrote a book and the book tells you the whole story: bestseller book, Gregg, Jarrett, great guy, so many bungeed, oh I, tell you so many he's, not a lawyer but he's better than the lawyers he's called street smart. But these are great, so many great people, John Solomon, should get the Pulitzer Prize. How about these fraudulent writers at the New York Times? They get Pulitzer Prize and they got it all wrong. They have to give back their Pulitzer Prize, but that's a fix. Also isn't it huh I've just won the Pulitzer Prize for talking about Trump and Russia, but they were all wrong now. The people that were right, like Sean, Hannity and Rush Limbaugh, laura ingraham and tucker carlson, judge Jeanine waters, my waters and frankly, the best show by far in the morning is Fox and Friends also got the best ring and Lou Dobbs. How about Lou, Dobbs and Varney he's Greg? You know Barney's great and Maria Bartiromo and you know what- and there are many others, many others, many others, but they get it right. But why is it John Solomon? Why aren't these people getting the real Pulitzer Prize because they were right? They called it right: The, Times, The, Washington, Post, they're, dishonest horrible, I, think very, very bad. For our country, publications, it's a phony deal, so they're writers get Pulitzer Prizes for getting it wrong and the great writers that really got it and I don't know them. I never even met some of these people, but the ones that really got it right. They go home empty-handed, doesn't work that way and the people see it. You know the people see it so some of the names that I mentioned all of the names that I mentioned and plenty that I didn't I'll tell you thank God. We have them on our side and its own way. Thank God that we have a thing called social media because we get the word out like nobody has ever gotten the word out before, but it's called a witch hunt, the story of the greatest mass delusion in American political history. That's what it is. This is one of the great con jobs ever. We must never let it happen to another president. This should never be allowed to happen again when Schiff goes out and speaks before Congress they never thought. I was gonna release the transcript of my call and this whistleblower. What's going on with the IG, how come the IG brings a whistleblower forward and the whistleblower who works now for Buyten? Did you hear this one came out yesterday, but the whistleblower comes out with a totally phony report on my phone call, but they never thought I'd release it, so they were gonna, be okay, eight times quid pro quo, except it was no time and if you listen to what they said, it would sounded horrible. That's why I had to release it. I called up Ukraine and I said: do you mind I, had one of my people make a call? Do you mind if we release it? They said what the hell is that all about and by the way the president of Ukraine yesterday came out and he said he did nothing wrong. What are you talking about? I think they look at our country. They think we're all crazy. They think we're crazy, but he said really nice, the new president, good guy and he got elected on an anti-corruption platform because Kareem is you know. Ukraine is known as a unfortunately very corrupt place, but they'll straighten it out, but he came out yesterday and he said so strongly and the fake news hardly puts him on hardly put someone and he said it before. He said it to the United Nations and his foreign minister said it so strongly. He said there was nothing wrong with that call. There was nothing wrong, they don't even know what the hell were talking about, but nobody thought I'd released. The call, probably nobody thought we had a transcript so when I heard the viciousness, but here's the worst of all worse than the whistle blow now the whistle blow. What's this is a whistle. Why are we protecting a person that tells you things that weren't true but listen to this so shifty ship shifting little add a little Adam Schiff Adam I've had you up to here, I've, had you up little Adam sure he comes out and he made up my conversation and I was watching. Fortunately, because a lot of people sort of think, like oh I, guess that's what he said. I said: I never said that and then, when Pelosi nervous, nervous, tense, nervous, dancing, yeah, nervous, dance, nervously, I used to think she loved the country she hates the country because she wouldn't be doing this to the country. If she did she hates the country, Nancy Pelosi, hates the United States of America, because she wouldn't be doing this and I'm telling you foreign nations foreign people looking at us. They honestly think we're nuts and then you have presidents and saying nothing was wrong. The president of the country, that's in question, but Nancy Pelosi, said well, that's what he said. Isn't it, but she was angry as hell when she got to read the transcript, because she said wait a minute. That's not what I was told, but she was stuck. She was stuck but think of a guy who makes up a phone call makes up. My words viciously says: eight quid pro quos. In other words, you got to do this, so we're not going to do that and there were none. There were none. They couldn't believe it when I released, that call I would have loved to have seen their faces, and then he goes before the United States Congress and before the American public, and he makes up the story of what I said made it horrible and vicious not even close. It's not like gee. He missed a couple of words. He missed every word. He missed every. He made it up. It was fiction, it's unbelievable and honestly I don't know congressman, but are you immune from something like that? That should be a crime anyway? That's why tomorrow I need you to send the radical democratise, tablished bent aloud and clear message. You are going to fire your Democrat governor who's, got a lousy job and send a great Republican to the governor's mansion. When John bel Edwards ran for office, he made your state a sacred promise that he would not raise your taxes. Then he got elected and broke that promise by ramming, through the largest tax hike in your state's history, John bel Edwards, and you know, because this state obviously likes me I- think I won like by a lot I, don't even know why the hell you like a guy that lives on Fifth Avenue, but I, like you too, but I used to go to construction sites. My father would be putting up houses or a building and I'd go and I'd work with the workers and that's when I realized. These are the people I love. These are the people. These are the real people. I know I'm all I know the good ones. I know the bad ones I like those workers, but John bel Edwards lied to the people of Louisiana, while every other state is making massive job gains. And you don't even know this Edwards terrible policies are killing jobs across your state. Edwards is now trying to destroy Louisiana's energy sector. You know that right with threats and lawsuits inspired by the radical, left-wing, Washington activists and Democrats, what he's doing right, John, bel Edwards, not good, goes around saying I like Trump. Very much he's very good, but behind my back he doesn't like me friend of mine, knows him well, he said behind your back he's not so good. John bel Edwards was a super delegate for crooked Hillary Clinton and he supported by the way, looks like Bernie losses. Chancer Bernie was hitting a baseball today to show how strong he was there. Just wasn't a lot of bad head speed, Bernie get better for, but Bernie I just get better well get better faster. It's the only time, I've ever said anything good about him, but but boy did they take advantage of him four years ago, and he let him do it. You can't do that. You can't let people take advantage. You figured I'll wait four years, it's a little bit tough, but it looks like you know. When Bernie gets out, which seems inevitable when Bernie gets out. It looks like those will go to your radical leftist Elizabeth Warren and that, unfortunately, will be the end of sleepy Jokers. I would really probably most like to run again. I, don't know sort of anybody care, whoever it is just put him out there. Let's get this thing going, but John bel Edwards supported far-left candidates like Stacey Abrams, our friend Brian Kemp. He did a number on Stacey, Abrams she's, still saying what happened? What happened she had Oprah? You know Oprah used to be a very good friend of mine. She used to go to Mara Lago place, I have in Palm Beach she loved mar-a-lago. She loved the key lime pie. She did know so do I. She loved the key lime pie, but she used to go. She loved me until I decided to run for office, but she went to Georgia and she campaigned for Stacy and Obama went and Michelle Obama went and they can't pay and all Brian Kemp had was Donald Trump and we had a rally at the airport and there were 55,000 people at that rally. That was the day before maybe two days before the election. I said: Brian, congratulations, you're, gonna, win, you're gonna win and he won by two and a half points which was amazing. Every star everybody went down there for Stacey Abel's Louisiana cannot take four more years of a Liberal Democrat governor, raising your taxes, killing you jobs, attacking your and us is, and taking money from open borders, extremists how about these people? They want open borders. Let everybody come in, let them off. Tomorrow. You've got a vote, John, bel, Edwards out and the way you do that is before the game you got to get going. You got to just leave it an hour early, maybe even a half an hour. Ten minutes, I, don't care be late for the game. I couldn't care less, but you got a vote before the game and what it is just so you understand it's a runoff, so if he doesn't get 50%, then one of our two great candidates will win that and it'll be John bel Edwards against one of our two great and they're. Both great people, they great Ralph, Abraham and Eddie risk phony, Ralph, Abraham and Eddie- are both throw jobs, pro-worker, pro-family pro-life and they're Pro Louisiana energy. If that's ok, you know, I was here a couple of months ago and they opened the biggest LNG plant. I have ever seen in my life right. Were you there they've been trying to get this thing approved for years and years and years and they couldn't and then President Trump came along and I got those permits so fast for them. These big energy executives were sitting back and they couldn't get it approve, nothing they could do would get it approved. Your governor was lousy, they were all lousy. Nobody could help. That thing was so dead and I came along and I got it approved, and then the consultants probably called up these big energy executives, sir. We were able to get it approved for you. I never even saw these people, but I know it was a good thing and they probably got millions in consulting fees. I'd rather give it to you people or rather give it to something charity, but they came along. I could just see nobody knows consultants better than me. They make the environmental rules tough, so you have to pay them a lot of money to skirt your way through, but it takes years and years and millions and millions so I got that plant approved and I came down two months ago right, two and a half months ago, cutter rivet I've never seen anything so big and now they're gonna, double it up. I understand and they're building an even bigger one in another location of Louisiana right. They will protect. Your Second Amendment are two guys and John bel wah John bel Edwards when it gets close and they start calling from Washington and Schumer and Pelosi call. We want you to get rid of the Second Amendment he's a hundred percent. Gonna drop, the Second Amendment you're, not gonna, have the rights that you have or anywhere close John bel Edwards will not protect your second amount. Our guys support your police. They defend the great workers and families of this state. If you want a governor who will fight for your values, get out tomorrow and cast your ballot for Eddie or Ralph, it's very important Eddie it Ralph. Where are you Eddie and Ralph? Where are you come up? Come up? You know what so here's the problem we're on live television all over the place. They don't like this because they go up, they say put Trump back on. He gets better ready. Somebody tell you these guys are the greatest here's. The thing I'm gonna have me to say like a quick minute or two, but you're not allowed to hit your Republican opponent, you're only allowed to hit John bel Edwards because he deserves to it's. Just incredible. Is this incredible? Yes, we need someone to do for Louisiana what President Trump has done for the USA. We need a conservative. We need a businessman, we need. Someone is not beholden to special interests. We need someone that will fight for Louisiana. That's why I'm in this race, folks, let's go, get it. Let's fire John bel Edwards, and let's thank our president for coming down here to help us I just want to thank the president for coming to Louisiana and making Louisiana. We need him to make Louisiana great again and my sound. Mr. president, we thank you. Thank you so much for taking care of our veterans for rebuilding our military and for protecting our southern border and mr. president, I dropped a resolution to expel Nancy Pelosi from the House of Representative, no America. Okay, you got to do it tomorrow. Let's go get a runoff and one of these two guys that feel good, just vote tomorrow for the entire Republican ticket just vote. We're also delighted to be joined by two really good friends of mine. These are warriors. These are warriors different types of people, but equally I mean they fight for you and they love this state and they love this country. One! Here's a strange name when I first heard he called me up, sir. They said: there's a man named John Kennedy on the phone I said, who he's running for the Senate in a state that likes you a lot. I said where Louisiana and I said, let me check it out and it was true: there was a man named John, Kennedy, very successful guy, a brilliant guy. You're, not gonna, know what this means, because I'm a big like student I, like academics, believe it and if people don't know my uncle was a professor for 35 years of something at MIT I like that stuff. He went to Oxford Oxford's like as good as it gets, and he was a great student at Oxford. You know he puts on that country stuff all the time, but I want to tell you and we know the country's smarter than the other guys anyway, but so John Kennedy calls it I'd love to have your support. I'd really love it. If I could but I said John to me, you're the real John Kennedy you're the real deal and we came down, it was I'll. Never forget it was a Friday night and it was this massive airplane, hangar, someplace I, don't know where the hell all I know is in your great state, and we had thousands and thousands of people show up and I looked at him and I liked him and I looked at that crowd. I said you know what I think you're gonna win tomorrow. The election was on a Saturday and John Kennedy won by a lot. It was a great thing and a great thing for our country. Where is John, Kennedy c'mere, c'mere c'mere jump, and then we have another guy any time. I talk about healthcare. Any time I want to know anything about medical. Any time I want to know anything about taking care of people. I call a man named Bill Cassidy he's incredible what a heart, what our heart come on up here, John come here: Joe Oxford! Is this incredible or what I mean? Is this Louisiana I told you Donald J Trump loves Louisiana, like the devil, loves sin. Mr. president, thank you now. Mr. president, earlier I gave them a quiz, I imagined you were running against Joe Biden I asked him a set of questions, who's more likely to secure the southern border, Joe Biden or Donald, but there's one question: I forgot to ask him who promised to build a new Calcasieu, River bridge two great men, two great men, two great Americans, another man, who's very brave. He was really in bad condition. I was at the hospital the night that he was expected to die. He wasn't looking too good that night I have to tell you. I went there and the doctor said it's almost impossible to save him and honestly. I saw him today. I swear I. Think he's better. Looking now that he was 2 years ago, the greatest thing he was playing baseball. He was shot while they were practicing. He was shot at second base, Steve Scalise, right Steve, but the greatest so he's recovering and I mean he really I don't want to go into it, but he he had a lot of damage and he went out and he played in the baseball game like six months later, seven months later, he could hardly stand up and they had a bit second base. He didn't have big range, like I'd, say range would be about six inches and the first batter rips a ground ball right at him. I said: oh, this is gonna, be terrible and he got down and he got that ball and he caught it and he threw it to first. He could barely throw it through it. The first and the batter was out I said that's like a miracle. The first pitch of the game. I said: how tough is that I? Don't think anybody else would have been able to stop that sucker? That was hard hit, but he's a great friend of mine and he's another one. He loves your state, he loves you so much and he's really a brave guy, Steve Scalise, and then we have some other great warriors great congressman festive great great congressman, Mike Johnson play Higgins Garret graves Garret graves. What a group they're warriors. Thank you fellas! Thank you. They make our life so much easier in Washington. We can always count on Louisiana can't we said you have a man who's, your attorney general Jeff, Landry's, terrific and Secretary of State Kyle hard-won, and you have an agriculture commissioner, Mike strained well known all over the country and Insurance Commissioner Jim Donnellan. Thank you, Jim thanks and Solicitor General Liz Merle. Thank you. Thank you, nice hat, and we are going to do something that a lot of presidents that a lot of people have said and you need it and all the work is done. It's getting ready for final approvals. That's the hard part in many cases, not the money. It's the approvals. It's all done! We're going to rebuild the I-10 Calcasieu River Bridge, we're gonna, build it Calcasieu. Finally, I'd like to welcome the winners of the 2019 Little League World Series championship. So after their Louisiana's own River, Ridge little league baseball team, but I have to tell you the crazy story so I'm in the look at his hand, some kids, it tries to be crazy. How good look in there look at him, so kids stay there. First time, cuz I got a time so I'm in the White House today, and we had the Little League girls championship team and they were incredible and they come from North Carolina and they were undefeated I, think they were like 20, you know and then of course, I got into a competition who's better you or them, and one of these guys gave them a 25% chance. I, don't know if you're very popular on your team anymore, that's a pretty good, but they were incredible. Then they had a tremendous team, North Carolina and then I said so you're from North Carolina and then the guys came in and I said: where are you from they said Louisiana and that one guy is like 6 foot, 2 he's 12 years old and he's the pitcher and he throws the ball. They say one of the young guys was telling me 75 miles per hour. I said no wonder you won. The other team can't see the pitch. That's pretty good, 75, I think he's being recruited by the entire major leagues, all right, he's, 12 years old, but I said -, so where you from they said Louisiana's that you won't believe this I'm going on a beautiful plane called Air Force one world's most beautiful pool, I'm going to a place called Louisiana. Do you want to come and they looked at their parents actually didn't want to take their parents to heck with that part. I didn't want to take their coaches, but their coaches are great and their coaches are here and the coaches raise your head. Coaches like you've come up with them, but they won the whole deal all over the world they're the number one team- and this, like somebody, told me they sorta, for like thousands of teams all over the world and they won and I got so used to watching Japan win. You know for years, Japan won I think they ended up. Beating Curacao right Curacao, but Japan would win and it was always a little controversial. You know to be a guy. You twelve, of course I I'm, not saying this I wa he's twelve, but he seemed to be 18, but I'm only kidding Prime, Minister, Robbie cuz I he's a friend of mine to he'll, understand by either way I kid. He threw the ball this one kid about a hundred and nine miles an hour faster than any major leaguer and he was 12. He had the greatest muscle tone anybody's ever seen for 12 years, but Japan always did great, but this year you have the world champions, Little League from Louisiana. So congratulations to will engrave Devon berry come on up here: kids, Jeffrey, Curtis, Ryan, Dara Derek do lat, Marshall Luke Connor, pirata Ryder planter Egan, Prather, Reese, Rosa, Alton, shorts, paintings, Bodoni and Stan Wilson boy I'll. Tell you why I just said? Does anybody want to say something said? No? No! No, but you and I know they don't choke. We know you don't choke! You don't know what the word choke means right. So where's this big picture like 6-2 and 75 I, want to represent this guy. Somebody's gonna make a lot of money representing him or what is 350 pounds and can't get out of his seat. You ready for the major leagues someday. What do you throw at 70 to 75 and did you do pretty? Well, he kept him pretty well shut out. They couldn't see the ball right and why did you win the last score? What was the score eight to nothing right, eight to nothing, so you didn't pitch a bad game. Thanks goes I, don't think they want to leave. Thank you, fellas champions, there's no joke, they don't choke and we don't choke. We don't like chokers with the help of everyone here tonight. America is booming again and winning like never before we're winning we're putting America. First, you haven't heard that in a long time, seven million Americans have been lifted off of food stamps, since our great election unemployment just reached its lowest rate in over 50 years. Unemployment for African Americans, Hispanic, Americans and Asian Americans have hit the all-time lowest rates in the history of our country. Wages are rising fast and they are growing twice as fast for low-income workers. They have the biggest percentage increase. Low-Income workers, 1.3 million fewer children, live in poverty. Today than when I was elected, 1.3 million people I've got a record number of job-killing regulations. We passed the largest package of tax cuts and reforms in American history. Nearly a trillion dollars has already been poured back home. It's coming back in remember, people would have their money over there. They couldn't bring it back in. It was prohibitive. The legislation was impossible. We got rid of it over a trillion dollars now has been brought back in and it's being spent building in the United States instead of building overseas. Meanwhile, the Democrats running for president have pledged to abolish all American production of oil and natural gas. Oh that's! Wonderful! In other words, Democrats are promising to annihilate Louisiana's economy, but we're never going to let them do that, and I have to tell you this isn't a campaign speech because we're gonna win it by like 35 points. One of your senator said: what are you senators just say. This is really I came here to get you to go out to vote tomorrow. I don't want to get too carried away with this. But what do your Senators just told me said, sir? You don't ever have to come back to Louisiana. We have your back. Go to those states that are closed, go to Michigan, go to Pennsylvania, go to North, Carolina I, don't think they're very close. You know the other night in North Carolina. Two weeks ago we won two congressional races. They thought we'd lose one or the other was going to be. Maybe a 1.2 point victory. We absolutely won them by so much. Nobody ever saw I did something like this the night before the election. We did this. It was the same kind of an arena. It was packed and that was North. Carolina I think we're gonna do great. There I think we're gonna do great in Pennsylvania with won Pennsylvania last time. The first time in many years we won Michigan. We won South, Carolina and Florida and Wisconsin though we won Wisconsin Wisconsin, we need the USMC a we got to get that approval. We got to get Nancy to approve the u.s. MCA. If she does it that really, you know, we call him to do nothing Democrats and it's really that there nothing's, but we'll do it after we take over the house. If it doesn't get done. The last administration betrayed our nation's energy workers. Now we are proudly promoting American energy independence. We're independent I approved the Keystone XL pipeline and the Dakota access pipelines, 48,000 jobs. My first week in office, I signed executive orders to speed up the construction of critical energy infrastructure, which you people are so well aware of, and I opened up Anwar the largest drilling site. Perhaps they think anywhere in the world. It's in Alaska. They couldn't get it done. Even Ronald Reagan could not get it done. We got it done bill and John and your congressman. We got it done we're also reversing decades of ruinous trade policies that ransacked the communities of this state. Louisiana lost one in four manufacturing jobs after the twin disasters of NAFTA. What are the worst trade deals ever made in history which were replacing and China's entrance into the World Trade Organization? Probably the worst trade deal ever made. Now we are replacing NAFTA with the brand-new US Mexico Canada agreement and the USMC a will be a massive victory for farmers and ranchers and growers and workers all across the state. I, don't know if the farmers are gonna need it after China, they may say we can't do anything more. Please, please! We don't want anymore. Mr. president, they'll be calling me from Nebraska they'll, be calling me from Iowa. Remember he used to say we're winning so much, please, please! Mr. president, we don't want to win so much. We're not used to they'll, be calling me from Nebraska they'll. Be calling me from Iowa they'll. Be calling me from that beautiful midsection, which was so beautiful, bright red. You know yet a little blue and the edges, and if there was honest voting I really think I would have won that too. But there's not it's not whatever they tell you, there's no but they'll, be calling. Please we don't need any more. We can't do it we'll go grace again we're working too hard. They want us too much. Is that a nice feeling that was that great Democrats in Congress should get back to work and pass the US MCA immediately? We've taken the toughest ever action to confront China's decades of abuse and now we're getting along with China. This was a great day. This was the day I, don't know of anybody. Sir fact I was almost late for you, because I was with China I, said: I'm not gonna be late for Louisiana, even if it means standing up China a little bit. It was between Louisiana and China I had to take Louisiana, but today I was with the Vice Premier of China, one of the most powerful men in the world highly respected, and we made that significant progress toward a new deal. That's getting papered now and who knows getting papered, but it's gonna happen because they want it. They want it badly and it's going to end the mistreatment of American workers and companies. It's going to be so great for this country. It's gonna be great for China too. We will not rest until we've achieved economic fairness and justice for the American worker and for American people. One issue after issue: Democrats have put the needs of foreign citizens ahead of our own citizens. It's true, you know we protect borders of other countries. We don't protect our own borders, but I want to thank Mexico, the President of Mexico, it's great 27,000, Mexican soldiers are on our border and you see the numbers. They plummeted, 27,000! Think of it all, because the Democrats wouldn't approve simple changes to what we call the loophole. Still the polls, it's a good name, because it just absolutely mistakes made years ago and the Democrats in 15 minutes we could solve the problem. So Mexico has helped us more in our border than the Democrats honestly they're. Terrible and all they want to do. Is this foolishness? They don't want to pass anything. All they want to do is play these games because they're desperate to win in 2020, and instead you see what's happening with the polls. It's turning the other way, because people see their game. The voters are smart. In a recent democrat debate, every single Democrat presidential candidate raised their head in favor of giving free government health care to illegal aliens, and then you wonder why they come to America. Why wouldn't they come free health care, free education, free everything and I jokingly said one time and everybody then gets a Rolls Royce and the fake news said. President replied: he said that the illegal immigrants all get a Rolls Royce. They don't have a lot of sense of humor. That's the problem with this press. What a bunch of dopes free, Rosa, the president, told the lie: they don't get a Rolls Royce aw I'm only kidding about the Rosa I. Just don't want to have a story. You don't have a bed. Sorry I did it again. I promised the rolls I was just kidding. The Democrat vision for America is to rob American taxpayers to fund socialism for the entire world. If you don't want Democrats to raid your health care steal your money over crowd your schools and overwhelm your communities, then you have only one choice. You have to go out tomorrow. Vote Republican get John, bel Edwards, the hell out of office in everything. I do I, never forget that I am not. President of the world. I am president of the United States of America. We reject globalism and we embrace patriotism. We believe that every American citizen, no matter their background, deserves a government that is loyal to them. The Democrat Party and the extreme radical are trying to abolish the distinction between citizens and non-citizens. In many cases, people that come into our country illegally used to be treated. Then I mean they were treated better than our vets. Hey, we have a great vet. We have a number of great vets. People that came in illegally were treated better than our vets that treated better than our own citizens, not anymore. Just recently New York City I Love New York City. We got some real bad leadership over there now New York City. You know the mayor ran for president. He left he got zero. How did you get zero? It's impossible. There's got to be one strange person out there their votes. He he got zero and New York wanted him to do so. Well, they were backing him because they didn't want him back as bear. They would have even said. Let him be president. Just keep him the hell away from me, but New York City, the same mayor issued a rule that the use of the term illegal alien can now be punishable with a fine of up to 250 thousand dollars. Did you imagine, can you imagine you're a hard worker you're saving your money, this built up that 250,000 after 15 years of construction work you got 250 or rich, you feel better than Trump ever did, and you just happen to and one of those bad moments use the word illegal alien and they say. Thank you very much. I want your money and give me that 250,000, you worked. Your ass off for the left's attack on free speech goes hand in hand with their attack on America's borders. The Radical Democrats assault on American freedom and American citizenship will now end. Democrats also continue to encourage foreign interference in our elections. By refusing to support a simple and beautiful thing called voter ID, maybe I can ask our senators and congressmen put a bill. It is so popular, you know if you want to go out and buy groceries, you need identification. If you want to do almost anything, you need identification. The only thing you don't need identification. Where is to vote the most important single thing, you're doing to vote? You don't need it. You know why, because they cheat like hell, that's why maybe John and bill could put out a voter. Id I never spoke to them about. You guys believe in that they can put it out. They'll. Do it? Oh you have it in the state. Do you have a strong federal application? I love it! That's why I love this state? That's why I won by so much? Oh, that's so great! Listen to this now! I know why I won by so much because people couldn't cheat. That's great. Will you have it for tomorrow's election? Yes, I love this state, but don't change put it out for every other state, because most states don't have it. We believe only American citizens should vote in American elections and that's not what's out you go out to California, you see what's happening out there. It's a disgrace: the voter abuse, it's a disgrace, what's happening in California Democrats, even support deadly sanctuary cities which defy federal law enforcement and ilish violent criminal aliens or to your streets Republicans, believe our cities should be sanctuaries for law-abiding Americans, not for criminal alien, and we will always stand with the heroes of ice Border Patrol and our great law enforcement that got that person out of here so fast night. They had cops, love, Trump, but I said cops, love, Trump and Trump loves cops. It's for the Democrat Party has never been farther outside the mainstream. Honestly they've gone crazy. They've got care they're, not doing anything, they're just evil. It's like they're, thick, they're, crazed, lunatics. Every Democrat running for president has pushed a healthcare agenda that would end Medicare, as we know it betraying our nation's seniors. My administration will always protect Medicare for our beloved seniors and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions and will also protect your private insurance. We have a hundred and eighty million people is private insurance here, a lot of people. How would you like it if they take it away so that you can walk to a hospital emergency room, something you go to a hospital emergency room because you have a cold? That's that good! We've taken swift action to lower the price of health care for working families, with new options that cost up to 60% less than failed Obamacare, and we got rid of the individual mandate in Obamacare the most the most unpopular, unfair thing: that's where you pay a fortune for the privilege of not having to pay a fortune for your health care, so you're paying not to have to pay it's terrible anyway. I got rid of it. That's a big deal, that's a big deal that was not easy. Our ambitious campaign to reduce the price of prescription drugs has produced the largest decline in drug prices in more than 50 years. You see them and we're bringing them down much slower and we're even gonna give our state's you know the drug industry. Has it pretty well wired drugs are very expensive outside in other countries, you could buy the exact same drug for 50 percent, 60 70 percent, less than you pay same drug same factory same company, so it's not like it. Different I just gave Ron DeSantis, governor Florida and I'm, giving other governors the right to go to Canada and other states and other countries other countries to buy the drugs because they pay much less. We can cut our prices by 50 60, 70 percent in some cases, so we're giving States the rights to go to other countries and make a deal on drugs. It's easier than going through this horrible system, where the Democrats refuse to allow you to do anything to cut the price of drugs. They don't want to. Let you do it to help patients with life-threatening conditions we passed. I love it right to try. So if you're terminally ill, if you're very sick, we have the best doctors and labs technicians in the world, they have so many different things, but it'll be four five. Six years you couldn't get it. You know why you're terminally ill in their town. We don't want to make you sick, you're, terminally, ill you're gonna be around for four weeks and they say we can't give you this drug because it may hurt you for 50 years they've been trying to get it, not that easy and I did it pretty quickly. I said you know what we'll do we'll do these like little disclosures that says: you're, not gonna sue the government you're, not gonna sue the drug company you're, not gonna, have them coming, but people come in now they signed and I. Tell you it's a miracle. So many people have been saved. It's incredible. It's incredible! They don't have to wait. Six years, they'll be gone right to try proud of it. Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late term abortion ripping baby straight from the mothers war right up to the moment of birth. That's why I've asked Congress to prohibit extremely term abortion, because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God. Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term, abortion, socialism and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party, the American worker, the American family and the American Dream. That's what they want. Republicans want the American dream. We have confirmed. 100 people, don't even believe this record stuff. 1 Obama gave me 140 to 140 to federal judges. I said how many do I have I figured. It was done, so you have a hundred and forty toys that you gotta be kidding within two months, we'll have about a hundred and eighty to federal judges, including Court of Appeals, to apply the laws written, including two great Supreme, Court, justices, Neil, Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh. Our historic investment in rebuilding the military has included twenty five billion dollars to a place called Barksdale Air Force Base over here right here in Louisiana, and forty million dollars to Naval Air Station, joint Reserve, Base, New, Orleans right and our warriors have now more happiness, more missiles, more rockets, more tanks, more fighter jets and more of everything. Our troops need to defend our nation than we have ever had before, and it's all made in the USA at the same time we're putting a stop to the endless wars. We have to bring our folks back home Wars going on for 19 years and we're really police agents, we're not fighting wars that were just policing and we can't do it. Not fair, not fair. Other countries should help us. They don't treat us right, but this starting to do you watch going into the Middle. East is one of the worst decisions ever made in the history of our country. It's like quicksand. We spent eight trillion dollars in the Middle East and then we want to fix up a highway or we want to build your bridge and they say sir, it's a lot of money. We just spent eight trillion dollars in the Middle East. We got nothing for it, we're slowly and carefully, bringing our great soldiers and warriors back home after decades of rebuilding foreign countries. We are finally rebuilding our own country. For years, you watch as your politicians apologize for America. Remember that not so long ago, not so long ago, remember bowing, we don't like the bow. Now you have a president who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the great people of Louisiana. The path to victory begins with a giant wind tomorrow, right here in the great state of Louisiana. With your support, we will show the corrupt Democrats in Washington that the American people are not backing down. We will never ever forget. We will send a terrific new Republican governor to Baton Rouge, so tomorrow, before the game, get your friends get your family, get your neighbors and get out and vote Republican. These are two great people vote for Ralph vote for any get out and vote Republican. With your help, we will lift millions more of our great citizens from welfare to work from dependence to independence and poverty to prosperity. Together we will electable Republicans to Congress to create an immigration system that protects American jobs, wages and families and will be able to tell Mexico and they're great 27,000 soldiers that are doing this as a favor to your president, we're not paying for it. We will tell them. Thank you very much. Your services are no longer needed. We will enact trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with the four beautiful words made in the USA. We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic in America. You didn't know that this could be done. It will be ended in 10 years. We have the medicines to go. Can you believe that? And it could have been started a long time ago and they didn't do it, but I'm doing it? We've already started 10 years. The AIDS epidemic will be n. To think of that who would have thought we could do that. We will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious liberty and the right to keep and bear arms, and, above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America. We support, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement. They are great I, just hope. They know how much we cherish them and believe in them and I think they do. We saw it last night in Minnesota, we believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family that government and bureaucracy are the true American Way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history and to always respect our great American flag and here in Louisiana and all across this land. We live by the words of our national motto: In God, We Trust- that will never be taken back. We stand on the shoulders of American patriots who crossed the oceans settled a continent tamed the wilderness, revolutionized industry pioneered science won two World Wars defeated fascism and communism and we're going to defeat socialism and put a man on the face of the moon, proud citizens like you, helped build this country and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning winning winning. We are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before and, ladies and gentlemen of Louisiana, the best is yet to come, get out and vote tomorrow. Together we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again, we will make America safe again and we will make America great again. Thank you, Louisiana get out and vote tomorrow.