Thank you very much hello, Dallas, it's great to be with you tonight. Thank you, and I am thrilled to be here deep in the heart of Texas, where we just opened a beautiful new louis vuitton plant. When I'm with the freedom-loving Patriots of the Lone Star State I love it. There has never been a better time to be a proud, Texan and there's never a better better time to be a proud American that never had so. I came from a small town, Alvarado Texas, where we celebrated the incredible revival of American manufacturing and we opened up some beautiful places. I'll tell you this place is doing great and created in a very short period of time, an extra 1,000 jobs for Texas. Since my election, we've created 775 thousand new jobs, of course you state, including 70,000, Texas, manufacturing jobs. They said those jobs had disappeared, didn't they huh, hey man. Our country is once again living by two simple rules by American and hire American. The economy is booming, our people are prospering, our country is thriving and our nation is stronger than ever before, but the more America achieves the more hateful and enraged these crazy Democrats become crazy. They're, crazy, they're, crazy at stake in this fight is their survival of American democracy itself. Don't kid yourself, that's what they want. They are destroying this country, but we will never let it happen not even twice for three straight years, Radical Democrats have been trying to overthrow the results of a great great election, maybe maybe the greatest election in the history of our country, and they want to oppose an extreme agenda. They cannot pass it and they cannot win it at the ballot box. They're not going to win they're, not even they won't come close in 2020. They know it. They know they're, not gonna win it. They say, let's see, what's another idea, what's another idea: how do we win this election? You know I, really, don't believe anymore, that they love our country I, don't believe crazy Nancy. Thank you long that crazy Nancy. She is crazy and shifty chef. How about this guy? How about this? He makes up my conversation, which was perfect. He makes up my conversation. He sees what I said it doesn't play well because it was perfect, so he made up a totally false conversation with the Ukrainian president and we caught him cold. Everybody knew it anyway see. We did one thing you always have to do the unexpected. They never thought I'd release the conversation with the Ukrainian person. I want to get him before. Congress and I want to see what he has to say. You know they say he has immunity. Why would you have immunity for outright fraud? Why do you have immunity? Why he's a fraud we're fighting a campaign against leftist, socialist and globalist, who want to return to reckless Wars, open borders, rampant crime and totally disastrous one way trade deals with changing that went around very quickly. They believe America is the world's piggy bank and that your tax dollars should subsidize the economy, military and defense of every other nation in the world, but our own. It's not happening in it. Our political opposition made its fortune selling out our nation and its citizens, and you know that's what's been happening and that's why 2016 was so important and that's why 2020 I can never say it's more important, but you know it's like the roots of a tree. You plant the baby tree. It's got a catch, get that extra time we'll have more tax cuts, we'll have even I'll. Tell you what we have rebuilt our military. What we've done has never been done before the do-nothing Democrats have betrayed our country and that great betrayal is over. We are finally again and we've been doing it now for almost three years. Can you believe we've been doing this thing? I've been a politician for three years. I can't believe that I never thought I'd be called the politician. I don't like it, but it is what it is, but we're, finally again putting America. First, the Radical Democrats want to destroy America, as we know it. They want to indoctrinate our children and teach them that America is a sinful wicked nation. You see that happening all the time and I know it from personal experience what they want to teach your kids, not good. They come home, mummy daddy. This is what I learned and you're going. No, no don't tell me, let's get them into another school fast. They want to disarm law-abiding citizens, they want to take your guns away and they want to install far-left judges to shred our constitution. It's not happening. They want to tear down symbols of faith and drive Christians and religious believers from the public square. They want to silence your voices on social media and they want the government to censor, muzzle and shut down conservative voices. You know that if they didn't hate our country, they wouldn't be doing this to our country. They wouldn't be doing it because they know better. They know better as an example we're building a great wall along the southern border and it's going up rapidly going up, and you know five years ago, almost every one of them wanted a wall until I came along and I said we're gonna build a great walkers, they could never get it done and then they stopped the funding they made it almost impossible. Few people would have been able to do what we did, but we got it from here and we got it from there and we got it from all over the place and we're building that sucker right now and it's having a tremendous effect always not easy highest level. Everything we said it would be it's moving rapidly, although the fake news back there, they don't want to talk about it. They don't want to talk about. Look at all those cameras, you believe it look at all those red lights. Don't worry, I won't, say anything bad about your network because a lot of times I get ready to do a number on these phony networks. And you know you see those red lights go off, fall, fall, fall, they don't want their viewers to see it, but that's ok, I'm not going to say it tonight, I'm going to say your legitimate media. I, don't actually be there, but you look at that, but look at all those covers. You know: that's like the Academy Awards used to be because before it fell, you know why it failed. You know why it failed because they came after us. That's why you it failed because they had stupid people saying horrible things about us, stupid, stupid people. They are stupid. People and their ratings have dropped like a rocket I love, seeing it I'm telling you love it, but no matter how hard they try. They will fail because the people of Texas and the people of America will never surrender our freedom to those people right there. We will stand strong for family faith God and for country last week, a very dumb Democrat candidate for president. That's the end of him in this state pledged to revoke the tax-exempt status of many churches and religious charities and by the way that was after a few weeks ago, he said. Excuse me we're going to take your guns away that doesn't work well and I called him right. Remember the flailing arms. Nobody noticed it I noticed it. The flail er. Your memory was flailing all over the place. I said: why is this guy hot john cornyn is going to win so easily, just like ted cruz, one who's gonna win, no matter what happens, but john cornyn is not talking about bado anymore, because Vado in a few short weeks, got rid of guns and got rid of religion. Those are not two good things in Texas to get rid of and I will never allow. The federal government to be used to punish Americans for their religious beliefs and I will never allow the IRS to be used as a political weapon, except in the case of myself, where they use it. Against me, the radical left tolerates no dissent. It permits no opposition, it accepts no compromise. These people are crazy and it has absolutely no respect for the will of the American people. First, it was the Russia hoax. Then it was this smeary which continues that disgraceful disgusting smearing of a fine man, justice Cavanaugh, and now they continue the outrageous impeachment witch-hunt with nothing with nothing. They come after me, but what they're really doing is they're coming after the Republican Party and what they're really really doing is they're coming after and fighting you and we never lose I'm fighting for everyone who believes in the values, traditions and principles that have made our nation, the greatest in the history of the world and I, have to say this. We are far greater now than ever before you go back for years. You go back, 7, 6 8. Even you go back into another administration. You go back 10 and 12 years. Where were you compared to where you are right now? So we must hold the democrats accountable for their lies and their corruption. They are corrupt people and we must show and vote and we have to go out and we have to win this election coming up. It's going to be a landslide err. We have to make it advance today's do-nothing Democrats. They don't do anything where's, the US MCA everybody wants it. The Democrats even wanted and crazy Nancy won't let anybody vote on it. She's nuts, today's Democrats believe anyone who opposes them must be crushed. It's not just like. Let's win, you know, I have to say this. The Republicans said I'm not sure I like this, because my life hasn't been this way, but the Republicans play a much softer game. They really do when all of our stars that we have great stars when they went to our Speaker of the House at the time and they asked for subpoenas. Oh, let's take it easy. Let's do it. Okay, I mean I, get that too. She hands him out. Like it's cookies here sip, it I heard a commentator who happens to be standing right there. The other day doesn't like us at all, but but said, I've never seen anyone hand out. So many subpoenas I have people getting subpoenas. I, never heard of my said, who are those people never saw anything like it? It's a disgrace. What they're doing to our country and we became because of what they do, not the Republicans and not what we've done, because what they've done and what they see when people come to my office, which is now the Oval Office, which is your office to presidents, prime ministers kings, queens I hate to say it sometimes dictators they just don't like to go by that title. They say, sir congratulations, sir, and what you've done. Congratulations on what you've done. It's incredible! Your economy is the greatest on earth and let me tell you if my crooked opponent would have won the election right now. China would be by far the number one nation from an economic standpoint in the world. We've gone up, trillions of dollars, they've gone down trillions of dollars, and we are so far number one so far that they'll never catch us. If we are smart right here, but the do-nothing Democrats believe anyone who opposes them has to be crushed. They no one just beat them. They don't want to just beat him. These are sick people. They want to crush these people, the anger, the hatred and that any lie or crime or corruption is justified. So shift gets up and makes up my statement. He makes it up a hundred percent and then he said he didn't speak to the whistleblower. No, we didn't see the whistleblower and what about the whistleblower, the whistleblower got it all wrong who's. The whistleblower who's, the whistleblower, who is the whistleblower we have to know, is the whistleblower is spy and who is the IG that did this. All he had to do is look at the tape or look at the what they wrote down. The transcribed version of the phone call compare that to the whistleblowers account and you see it had nothing to do with it. So why does the IG allow a thing like this to happen to our country? Why? Why get a lot of bad people out there, but one by one we're advancing one by one? Just look at the terrible foreign corruption of the Biden's I hate to talk about him. You know why I don't think the guys got a chance, sleepy, Joe, I, don't think he's got it. I, don't see it I, don't know. I've got these great brilliant senators over here. I have all these congressmen over here, fellas I, don't think he has a chance. I'd like him to I'd like him to you know, I thought Pocahontas was gone left in embers. You got to give her credit, those embers they kept going going going now. It looks like she's doing better, but I don't think Joe has a chance, but did you see the other night where CNN in a totally unsubstantiated statement? The president said this about you who is so sorry. He said that his son walked out with a billion and a half dollars from China. These were not the same Chinese people I just dealt with I will tell you that, but Joe Biden was in charge of Ukraine policy, while his son with absolutely no energy experience just got thrown out of the Navy like a dog, was paid massive sums of money by a Ukrainian energy company. You know that's called it's called a pay off folks. He didn't know energy at all: do nothing about energy. They hired him paying him massive amounts of money much more than the 50,000 a month. You heard about that's a lot, that's a lot, but much more Joe Biden made them go out and fire the prosecutor on tape, but they don't want to show the tape I had to put it up on a social media site. They don't want to show the tape where he was bragging. They're not going to get this money unless they get rid and boo, they got rid of the prosecutor. He was investigating the son and the sons company get rid of them. Now, that's what you call quid pro quo. While these charges are totally unsubstantiated, these are the fake news errs out there and then Biden flew think of it. He goes into a tough place. We just made such a great deal with China I. Think just think of this. My guy said: if we could get 20 billion in agricultural product, that would be good. The most China ever did was 16 billion for our farmers. Okay, we're just talking about the farmers. We did banking. We did everything, but we're talking about them. The most they ever did was 20 billion of product from our farmers or great farmers, or patriot farmers or farmers that never left us, even though they were being targeted by China. They never left me so they wanted 20, angina, agreed and I said nope. No good I want 50 billion, not 20 billion 50. So my guys say, sir: we have a problem, sir. Our farmers cannot produce that much. It's true I said: tell them to go out and get bigger tractors right, John Deere case batter, pillow all-american only American tractors we only buy American truck, go out, II get bigger, so now China's agree to they've already started buying. Hopefully the agreement gets signed sometime prior to a big summit that we have with President Xi and others in Chile. That's in about four weeks, but think of this. They said, sir. They can't produce fifty billion dollars. I said I want the farmers to tell me remember the story about winning we're gonna win so much we're going to the White House. We're gonna tell the president, sir. We just can't stand winning the state of Texas John, Cornyn and Ted Cruz they're gonna come into my over sir. We just just can't stand this winning in Texas anymore. It's too much. We can't handle it. Well, that's what I want from the farmers. I want the farmers to say: I want the farmers to say, sir. We just can't produce that much product. We can't do it, sir and I'm gonna say yes, you can and they're gonna say no. We can't I'm gonna, say: yes, you can and they're going to go out and they're going to take in 50 billion from China as opposed to 20. That's what's gonna happen, that's what's gonna happen, but they were great. They stuck with us through thick and thin. Now it's really working out for a lot of different groups and, in the meantime, we've taken in tens of billions of dollars of tariffs and China's eat and, of course, because they devalued their currency and they put money out tens of billions of dollars. It's cost us nothing billions and billions and billions, and you know what I did for the farmer during the lean times. I gave them 16 billion last year and 12 billion the year before 28 billion dollars. All together came out of the tariffs that I had a lot of money left over and nobody complained, and you know our farmers didn't want that money. Our farmers didn't want a true story. Everybody comes from money. Countries come for. Everybody wants money right, they all want our money. The farmer said, sir. We don't want this bunnies to subsidy, we don't want it. I said no, it's not a subsidy being targeted unfairly. They said no search the subsidy. This is true: I had 35 farmers in the Oval Office incredible people, they didn't want it. They said, sir, just give us a level playing field so now I gave them a feel. That's more than level it's level like this nice and easy nice and easy, but the farmers I call him the great Patriots the farmers they I never lost them. They always said you know. Yeah I'm in trouble. I got a problem, but this should have been done many many years ago by other presidents and other leaders, and we lose for many years. Five hundred billion dollars a year with China and many other countries, we lose billions Willa's with everybody, but that's all changing now, but we lose 500 billion, not million five hundred millions, a lot right. We lose five hundred billion and you know what it's a disgrace that that was allowed to go on for 25 years. It was a disgrace disgrace, but now we're taking in billions of dollars. They've had the worst year, they've had in 27 years and we're having the best year we've ever had. So that's so Biden flew with Hunter on Air Force. Two they flew to China hunter walked out of the plane at a quick meeting, walked away with one and a half billion dollars and these characters back. There said: oh, that's, okay, there's no problem! Can you imagine if Don or Eric trump or Ivanka Trump who's here, someplace right here and by the way? Our great first lady is home watching this? She said this is the most exciting thing, I've seen in a long time, a great first lady, doing a great job, she's doing a great job, we're doing a great job. The whole country. Now is doing a great job, so Biden takes a billion five and he goes on and allows China to rip us off. Remember he said a year ago. No, no China's, good they've done nothing wrong, they're, wonderful people, they are wonderful people, I, don't blame China by the way I blame our leaders for allowing this horrible. You know what and pillage you see our word. You know what and pillage you know what word I'm talking about right, I! Don't want to use it because they'll say it's a horrible word that trophy is so the Biden's got rich while America got robbed tonight we forcefully condemned the blatant corruption of the Democrat Party and nobody ever pays the price with the Democrats they're so deep-seated they never paid the price they never paid, but maybe he soon that will start. You know: we've had a lot of we've had a lot of Obama people and Clinton people and some to be honest with you. We've had some pretty bad Republicans down deep that didn't exactly love us, but slowly they're getting out. They have all sorts of protections, but so he says get rid of them. Yeah we're trying get rid of them, but they're partnering. The whole thing is to fake news media, that's the problem, because the Democrats and the fake news media, it's a partnership. Remember that- and you see it all the time and I've never seen it. To this extent. You know when I won in the primaries and then I won the election. I was treated horribly by the media horribly and then, when I won the election, we had the greatest night, one of the highest-rated nights in the history of television all over the world and I won and I said. Oh, the great thing, I said to Ivanka I said to the first lady I said to anybody that would listen. I said listen. This is so great. Finally, finally, we all of us were going to be respected by the media, and you know what happened. They got worse that worse now than they ever have been they're crooked, as hell they're. Worse now than they've ever been they're crooked. The only message these radicals- and they are radical lefties will understand- is a crushing defeat on November 3rd 2020. Save that, with your help, we will win back the house. We will keep the Senate and we will keep the White House in numbers like they haven't seen in a long long time. Joining us tonight are many terrific Republican leaders and they are terrific and frankly, if they're not I'm, not going to introduce them okay, but we have some great leaders and you have great leaders in Texas great leader and they love Texas, so a friend of mine, a guy that a lot of people weren't so sure we had this unbelievable relationship. In fact, when Ted Cruz held a rally in Washington, he said, could you come to my rally and everybody thought these people thought? That was strange. They said to me. Well, when is the fighting between these two cos? We really like each other. When does the fighting gonna start right Ted? They said when was the fighting gonna start and I said: don't worry, it'll start and when it does, it's going to be vicious and it was vicious. And now we love each other again he's great Ted Cruz and he had a great victory against a man that spent almost a hundred million dollars. It's a lot of money spent almost a hundred million, but there was a great victory. Thank you to another man, who's currently running against somebody I kept thinking. Maybe bado will jump in because he's at zero right now. We hope he's going to jump in. Remember no religion and no guns. I. Think that's not good! Oh and I. Think he's like pretty lighter on oil production too, but a man and John I have no idea who you're running against, but nobody's going to be able to beat John Cornyn he's a good man, a good man. Thank you John, and we have a lot of Congress people. Here we have a woman, who's, fantastic who's, been a fan of ours right from the beginning, kay Granger. Thank you Kay. We have a man, who's smart as hell, and he is tough and he is mean and nasty, but he loves this state and he's only mean and nasty because he wants to defend you and me and all of the horrible things that we all go through. Louie gohmert, Louie he's a great guy, but a great friend of mine I'll tell you once once we got him on board. We, he wouldn't leave us no matter what and he had Muller and everybody figured out long before anybody else. Had it figured out right, Louis, a person, who's been an incredible ally. Again loves your state Randy Weber, Thank, You Randy great job. Thank you. One of the best lawyers you'll ever find he's slick he's smooth, but boy he's loyal, he's, talented and he's got a ball buffaloed because they're not as good as him. Jon Ratliff, a man I, saw on television last night. Defending me brilliantly defending me I, actually don't like doing this. Usually but I tweeted out I said. Thank you very much. Brian babban. That was a great defense. I appreciate it. Thank you. Brian I was great last night, say: I put a tweet out because it's easier than making a phone call and talking for a half-hour thanks, Brian I just said thanks, and you know what he'd rather have that too actually and Lance good and special person Lance good. Thank you. Lance Thank, You, Lance and Lance was one of 60 people that stuck in there. He was unbelievable and Ron right. Thank you, Ron great job, great job. These are great people. These are great people along with Republican Party chairs, and all of these total winners, his one Ronna mcdaniel I'll, tell you what you know rana was the head of michigan michigan hadn't been won by a republican for decades and it was stuff. They all said you couldn't win. Michigan I said why we're getting these massive crowds? Why and she was in charge of Michigan and I said I want you to do me, a favor find out who this woman is she's driving me crazy. She calls me just one more trip, sir one more trip. Who is she? Who is she and it was Rana and we won the state of Michigan and when it came time when it came time to pick in somebody to head the RNC, Republican National, Committee I said what about that woman? That drove me crazy from Michigan and it was Rana and she's done a fantastic job. Thank you. Thank you. Rada. Thank you. She's fantastic and a great governor from your state he's a great great man and a friend of mine and together with your lieutenant governor Dan Patrick. When you had a hurricane two years ago now they still keep calling me for money. Sir, could you give us another when the governor called up Dan was there you know, thank you for being so generous to Texas, sir, the hurricane. It was a big one. It was a bad with a lot of water dump, I think the biggest dump of what remember kept going in and out in and out our Coast Guard saved 16,000 lives, but it kept going in and out water, water and, finally, I get a call I paid billions and billions of dollars to the state like numbers. My people are driving me crazy, I get a call from the governor and Dan is there was dead, is he here was dead, Dan, Dan Patrick and the two of them called me and then I had Ted Cruz on my back and had John Cornyn on my back and I. Had the congressman call again who was brutal? It wasn't even fair and they said sure thank you for being so generous on the hurricane they made a fortune. You made a fortune on the hurricane. Thank you for being so generous, sir. So we want one more small request. Just too small, it's not much, and we appreciate your listening to us. We want to build a dam in the ocean so that, if we ever have another hurricane, sir, the water won't be able to come in -. You sit in all of the areas that it came in -. Sir. Do you think we could do it? I said how much it's only ten billion dollars, ten billion right, ten billion. They wanted ten, and you know the way they sell it and it's so good their sales with their incredible salesmen. They say it's only ten billion I'm supposed to be happy. Oh, let's see, could we give Texas an extra ten billion for some some crazy thing that may work and it may not right now, they're great people, they love. You stay RNC, co-chairman, Tommy, Hicks, a real friend of ours, Thank You Tommy and our great campaign manager, the most sophisticated man with a computer you've ever seen and remembered they used to say with Hillary her campaign is so sophisticated. Then after she lost they said Trump's campaign were so sophisticated and remember. She spent like six times more of this stuff that we did. You know in the old days my father taught me if you can spend less that's a good thing, not a bad thing right. My father said if you can spend less so we spent much less than Hillary crooked Hillary crooked. Where are those emails Hillary? They may find those 33,000 emails. They look good. They may find those deleted emails. They may find them. Remember the emails that 33,000 emails covering her gym and her daughter's wedding 33,000. That's a lot of emails for a wedding and working out, but Brad parse Kel did a great job, Thank You Brett. Thank you. Thank you for, and Secretary of Commerce. What are the legends of Wall Street? He was really like amazing and he is doing an incredible job. Wilbur Ross, Thank, You, Wilbur, smart guy and a friend of mine he's another one. He was so tough. He was nasty man boy. He hit me during their campaign and I said that guy is ruthless and when it was sort of over there was nobody more gracious and I called him. I made him Secretary of Energy he's done a phenomenal job and Rick Perry couldn't have done a better job and he's going to be leaving at the end of the year and probably coming back here whatever he does. It's going to be successful, but he spent three years with us. I don't want to thank you Rick. What a job you have done. Thank you. A lot of job he's done. He was also a great governor of Texas that you know in everything we do we're fighting for the faithful citizens of this country. This includes putting a stop to the catastrophic era of endless wars. Endless wars, they don't stop, they don't stop. They go on forever. We become policemen, we end up becoming police, we're policing these countries, that's not what it's about. We've spent eight trillion dollars in the Middle East, thousands of American soldiers have lost their lives. Tens of thousands more have been severely wounded and in all fairness, the other side has lost millions of people, millions, millions of people, think of it. These wars brought mass chaos, instability, destruction and death. Today we choose a different path. We had tremendous success today, I, don't know if you've seen what we've built in the last three years, we built the strongest military. By far when I and I told the story, I was embarrassed to tell it, but now I'll tell when I first got in a general told me we could have had a conflict with someone said, sir. We don't have ammunition and I said. I never want to hear a president I just never want to hear somebody have that statement made to them again as president of the United States. We don't have ammunition. Think of how bad now we have so much ammunition. We don't know what to do with it and, as you all know, I guess you've been watching today, I sent vice-president pence and Secretary of State Pompeo to lead an American delegation to meet with President Erdogan of Turkey. They got there today and it did work without spilling a drop of American blood, not one drop of American blood. We've all agreed on a pause or a ceasefire in the border region of Syria, and it was unconventional what I did I said: they're gonna have to fight a little while sometimes you have to let them fight a little while then people find out how tough the fighting is. These guys know right up here. These guys do right. Sometimes you have to let him fight. It's like two kids in a lot. You gotta let him fight, and then you pull him apart, but it was unconventional, but they fought for a few days and it was pretty vicious and the Kurds who are friends and took he's our friend, but they fought. It was tougher, I mean it was nasty and you couldn't make a deal for 15. Think of it for 15 years, 20 years they couldn't make a deal. The Kurds didn't want to move. Turkey didn't want to budge and Turkey was having a lot of bad things happen from this region and all fairness to Turkey. They were having a lot of bad, but they didn't want now all of a sudden they fight. Then it's not fun. Having bullets going all over the place and we went there and we said we want to pause and the Kurds have been terrific they're going to move back a little bit, we're going to keep Isis all nice and locked up. Okay, we're going to find more and turkeys all set and President Erdogan was great and we're going to take the worst sanctions and tariffs and everything that I put on the country we put the worst. The word I mean I, don't think they could have economically survived, but that doesn't matter. President Erdogan was a gentleman. He understood it, but without a little tough love. You know what tough love is right without a little tough love, they would have never made this deal. President Obama lost a million people in the area, a million people, a million people. So now we're doing during a five-day period. We're gonna see if we can get it all finalized and I think it will be I think it will be so turkeys going to be happy. The Kurds are going to be happy. Isis is going to be unhappy we'll deal with whoever we have to deal with, but we'll get it done, and it's a great tribute to a lot of very talented people and thank you to vice president pence and thank you to Mike Pompeo, good job, good job and they're traveling back to our country. By night, they're, traveling back and they'll be back soon and we'll have a big conference on it, but it was a terrific thing and we've taken care of a lot of religious persecution. We ended that in a lot of things are in that agreement that nobody ever thought possible. So we have to fundamentally change our approach to homeland security. As an example, in that example, nobody would have ever done that you have to be a little bit different to do it. That way. I took a lot of heat even from some of our congressmen, even from some of our senators, but now they're all happy and I'm happy with them. I'm happy with them. Now, I, don't know what about the Democrats. The Democrats will say: oh what a terrible anything we do. The Democrats were criticized if I said like on the China deal, we get Beijing for $1. They would say what a terrible deal it just doesn't work with them. You know the wall we spent so much time with them on the wall and I realized about two weeks ago. All I had to do was say we will never build the wall and they would have come through and they said we demand that you build it. It would have been so much easier right would have been so much easier. Ted would have been so much ease. American combat troops should not be at the center of ancient sectarian conflicts. All over the world. Bring our soldiers back home, bring our soldiers back home. The same people pushing us to fight endless wars overseas, want us to open up orders to mass migration from these war-torn and terror afflicted regions. Their policies would import terrorism right onto our shores with American issued visas. Oh isn't that wonderful, and by the way the Democrats want open borders. They want everybody to flow in. They want those caravans to flow in the caravan and they wouldn't get rid of the loopholes. But you know what Mexico has been great Mexico today had 27,000 soldiers on our border and we've stopped this horrible migration of people, and many of them are bad people. You know when countries send them up they're, not sending their finest okay use your heads they're not sending their finest. You got to see some of the people, but now we send them back and by the way, Isis fantastic they've taken out thousands and thousands of ms-13 killers, they've taken thousands of killers and brought Amba, and now we've made deals with Guatemala and Honduras and El Salvador and Mexico. But we've made deals now where we can bring back their 45,000 people waiting in Mexico. But it's going to be very tough for these people ever to get back. When did you ever hear that used to have no people waiting in Mexico? They just fled. Our borders are getting strong when the wall is complete, they'll be as strong as any borders anywhere in the world. My administration believes in a simple principle. The best way to keep foreign terrorists out of America is to deny them just deny them admission. In the first place, it's really pretty simple, and that is why I've imposed and we had passed and we won at the United States Supreme Court a travel ban on some of the world's most dangerous countries and places. But if Democrats seize power, they would throw the floodgates wide open, wide open. We would have people coming into our country. Look at what's going on in California in the people of California, don't want it, they say come into California, we'll give you free health care, free edge, account well, I, wouldn't I may even move to California if they they keep going now, but all it does is it brings everybody in what's wrong with these people we're rebuilding our military stronger than ever before, and we are not going to deplete it again on stupid, senseless Angelis wars, we've invested more than two and a half trillion dollars, restoring our armed forces and all of it was built in the USA, and that includes approving the construction of almost 200 f-35 fighters. Stealth stealth and many of them are built right here right here. You know that right in Fort Worth as we restore our security, we're also restoring our prosperity. America is winning again and America is respected again and by the way I have to say this so outside they have close to 30,000 people and I. Wonder if I could ask the fire marshal fill up this little area, let them in to be so nice. You know they have a certain max. We broke the record tonight good place. Last month, unemployment reached its lowest level. In 51 years, seven million Americans have been lifted off food stamps since the election. What a great 1.3 million children have been lifted out of poverty? Think of that and African American Hispanic American and Asian American unemployment rates have reached the lowest levels in history. Our great Hispanic American population has reached a poverty level which is a all-time low in US history and after years of stagnation, wages for Hispanic Americans are rising fast up nearly 8 percent. Since my election and everybody in the fake news would have said, that's absolutely impossible. Medium income. Think of this median income for Hispanic Americans has surpassed $50,000 a year for the first time ever with Republicans. In Congress, we passed the largest package of tax cuts and reform by far in American history. By the way the Democrats want to raise your taxes, you know I, don't mean a little bit. I don't mean a little bit, I mean like double them up triple them up, and it still won't pay for the nonsense. They were, we eliminated a record number of regulations and we ended the war or the thing called American energy, which is very good for Texas. Since my election, natural gas production in Texas has increased, 35% and oil production has increased by 60% six owned and the United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world. Yet every major Democrat running for president wants to abolish all production of oil and natural gas I think they want to go to windmills. Windmills, you know, darling I want to watch Trump speak to that. We can't darling the wind isn't blowing, they won't windows. In other words, they want to annihilate your Texas economy. Can you imagine no more oils I wanna -, so here we have a few people right, no guns, no religion, no oil, no natural gas, Abraham Lincoln could not win Texas. Under those circumstances. Couldn't do it, we can do it. Louie, Abraham, Lincoln, Honest, Abe, couldn't do it. Louis, remember, I used to say: I can be more presidential look emotion. I can be more presidential than any president in history, except for Honest, Abe Lincoln. When he's wearing the Hat. That's sad, that's tough! That's a tough one to be no it's much easier! Being presidential is easy. All you have to do is act like a stiff look, ladies and gentlemen of Texas. It is a great honor to be with you this evening, and the media would love it and everybody would be out of here so fast. You wouldn't have come in in the first place when you get right down to, but Democrats will never get that chance because Texas will never give it to them. Texas is remember the last election. They said these phonies in the back. They said. Texas is in play, they said Utah's in play too and I came here. We had rallies like this. Thousands of people outside they couldn't get in and I said. Why is Texas in play? They say take because it's phoning, it's suppression, they try and get your hopes down there suppress. This is just like fake news, but they said Texas they said Texas is in play. Ladies and gentlemen. Texas is in play. This is Sierra and Texas is in play. President, Trump and I had guys on from Texas and they're wearing cowboy hats, Sid and a lot of guy to go. I don't know about you, but I know something about Texas and Donald. Trump is not going to lose. Texas I can tell you that and Texas has got it. We had a lot of God's it big, tough guys there on television I, don't know, and what you're talking about Texas is not in play and then that great November we had that great great night and the polls closed at 7 o'clock and usually they have to take hours, and you know sometimes at least even if it's big, they take a half an hour. The Texas polls have closed and you know usually if it's Klaus it takes hours and if it's not even just like so close, it takes a long time. So they go. Ladies in general, suppose have closed in the state of Texas. Donald Trump has won the same right. Donald. The polls have closed in Utah. Remember the guy. With a shaved head, he was going to be my competition. Even Hillary beat him now he's on these talk shows knocking the hell out of me all the time now even Hillary beat this guy in Utah right, Hillary came in second I came in first by a lot, but that was another one too close to call except. Ladies and gentlemen, Utah the polls have closed. Donald Trump has won the state of Utah. Jesus did the same thing and we won by. We won by a lot and we won Florida and we won South Carolina and we won Georgia and we won North Carolina and we want Pennsylvania. We won a lot. Remember these phony people. There is no way to get to 270. You had to get that this. So I kept going to Maine I love Maine, but Maine -, you get one, it's cut in half Maine - you get one I went there four or five times because I get they got me up the phonies. They got me up to 269, couldn't get to 270, so I went there. I won by the way I won. Maine - I got one, but I went there and I went there a lot. That's the beautiful thing about the electoral college. You go everywhere, you don't just spend in three and you know, winning the popular vote would be much easier. I'd rather have that I'd go to four states and relax. I went to 21 states, I used to be a believer in the other, but I went I. Think winning it's like your track: star, you're working out for the hundred yard dash or the mile. It's a different form of training, it's a different form, but we did great. They said he cannot get to 270 and they were right. We got to 306 after decades of economic surrender, I have taken historic action to confront China's, rampant trading abuses and we've made great progress and our relationship with China is fantastic and great things are happening. You watch they get it now. They get it and a lot of good things are happening. We're replacing NAFTA with disastrous I mean it's been to me. Probably I used to call it the worst trade deal in history, I think the world trade has been WTO. What a real beauty, World Trade Organization, that's a real beauty. They consider China a developing nation and because you're a developing nation Ted right. They consider China to be a developing nation and because they're developing they get tremendous and we wrote him letters. We don't consider them to be a developing nation. We don't consider India to be a developed because they're ripping us off and we didn't win any cases at the WTO, and now we just won seven and a half billion dollars of countries that were taken advantage and we've won a lot of cases. Lately we didn't win anything for years practically now, we've won a lot of cases. You know why, because they know I'll leave if they don't treat us fairly, they know it and then the piggy bank is gone where they all robbed from we're replacing the NAFTA disaster, and we have to get this crazy, Nancy Pelosi. To put this thing up for a vote, we have to get it and the u.s. MCA is a giant victory for Texas farmers, ranchers manufacturers, workers and oil. The Democrats should pass it overwhelmingly. They will, but Nancy has to put it up for a vote do-nothing Democrats. They do nothing. No, where is the Democrat betrayal of our nation, more dramatic than on immigration in recent debates? Did you see these debates? You believe what I'm competing with I don't know when I had to compete with Ted Cruz. That was brutal. You know he's he was the national debate champion story. I've never told I never did that before right, I ran for office. All of a sudden I'm supposed to be debating tomorrow. Night I said: who are these people? The hell? I, don't know all of them. I know a lot of them. I contributed to a lot of them. They used to treat me very nice when I contributed to him, not so nice when I was their opponent too changed a lot, but I said. Let me see I want to see who are these people I'm going to a debate? I never debated. My whole life has been a debate, but I never debated like with the podium and this and that so I said who are they and we had 17 people plus me? We had 18, it was actually not. 72 was 18. Remember Gilmore, nobody remembers him, but we have 18 people. I said who are these people? Are they any good at debating and I hired a debate coach and he lasted for about 10 minutes? I said this guy knows less than I. Do he didn't know anything? He didn't know anything strong, he said never ever interrupt while they're speaking I said okay, coach put me in coach and after a couple of those statements, I mean I mean you can't be Ted Cruz. If you don't interrupt him, it's impossible, but my first stroke so I see. Let me see the cards. Let me see the whole thing I want to see it. I need help. I'm gonna, be debating in front of millions of people and everyone's saying: do you think Trump's gonna be able to debate professionally I said, let me see these cards in all of them. You know he was president of his class one guy. One guy was a good debater in college. He was this. He was okay, but they give me the first card Tetris and it says national debate champion from Princeton. Is that right and then national debate champion from Harvard I said to my wife. First lady potentially I said my potential first lady I got a problem. I said some of these guys are okay, they were only president of the class. Almost all of them ran for president Atlas I. Never did I like playing baseball better, but I said I said Melania and I called Ivanka. I called my kids. I said: I got a problem. Ted Cruz was the national debate. He was the number one guy in college. He was the number one guy in law school. How do L do I beat a guy, that's that good at debating, but we came out. Okay, Ted and Ted. Ted was tough smart as hell on top tough good man, but it is sir. The first card I looked at seriously was Ted Cruz and he was he was literally I mean national debate was the best in all of college and in law school and he's a talented guy. In recent debates. You see these people up there, they're, not Ted Cruz. Believe me, hey Ted, you should turn Democrat. You would win the nectar over now. He says I, don't think so. Every single Democrat candidate for president raised their hand in favor of giving free health care to all illegal aliens. They want to give more to illegal aliens and they give to American citizens. You say that, as president I will never allow the Democrats to take away your healthcare dollars and give them to people that are in our country illegally. In fact, I just signed an executive action to protect American health care benefits for all American citizens. Among those hardest hit by illegal immigration are millions of legal immigrants right here in Texas, including millions of patriotic hard-working Mexican Americans who play by the rules, pay their taxes, follow our laws and strengthen our communities, whether you are a first generation or tenth generation and every American citizen and you do you've, been treated so badly, but you're not being treated badly anymore. You know we got rid of the individual mandate from crazy Obamacare. Every American citizen deserves a government that defends your jobs, your safety, your family, your borders and is always loyal to you for a change, we're loyal to you. My administration has reduced illegal border crossings by over 60 percent since May and that's with no help from the Democrats. They won't close up the loopholes. They won't close the loophole, so we could do it in 15 minutes and we're building the wall and we're doing all of these things, but the Democrats won't close up the loopholes. You know what the loopholes are right, how about catch and release you catch them. You say hello, darling. How are you could you please give us your name and phone number that have a phone? Could you give us your address? They don't want to have an address. That's in Honduras. Could you please give us your address and your name. They can't I said that's, okay, we catch and we release and they go into our country, and then we are getting them out of the country, and you know what some are very good people. Some are unbelievably dangerous and bad people and we're focusing on the bed and they're getting the hell out of our country. Okay, while we're fighting for shared priorities, the American people, the Democrat Party, has never been farther outside of the mainstream they've gone nuts. Every Democrat running for president is pushing a health care agenda that would utterly eviscerate Medicare. My administration will always protect Medicare for our beloved seniors and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. Our ambitious campaign to reduce the price of prescription drugs has produced the largest decline in drug prices in over 51 years. People don't talk about it. The press will not talk about it. We have news conferences, we tell them this. They will not put it in the press. You have no idea how dishonest the media is. You have no idea virtually every top Democrat also now supports late term abortion ripping babies straight from the mother's womb right up until the moment, and that crackpot governor from Virginia execute the baby after birth. You saw that way after you remember that one from last year, that's why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion, because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God. Democrats are now the party of crazy politicians, high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term, abortion, socialism and blatant corruption. They're corrupt, like Schiff, is corrupt, he's corrupt. The Republican Party is the party of the American worker, the American family, and it's the party of the American dream. It's also the party of Honest Abe Lincoln. We forget that got a. We got to use that more often don't get. They get an honesty, I liked. Honest Abe, we've confirmed it's just honest title. Thank you. Explain that to them you're right, we've confirmed 152 federal judges to apply the law as written, including two Supreme Court justices, Neil, Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh. You know when I got into office, they say the most important thing. A president can do. I actually think it's defense, but they say is the appointment of federal judges. So what I got in always when you get in there a nun? How many do you have I? Have none? None, so I got to say how many federal judges do I have, sir. You have 142 federal judges as they you don't understand the question: that's impossible. That would mean that President Obama didn't appoint a hundred and forty two judges. You get none or you're doing a bad job as president, because you're representing a different philosophy, very different. So I came I said no, no, no check it again. Then they said 138. Then they came back. Actually, sir, the number is 142. We were right, the first time 142 judges within two months. We will have John and Ted and all of these great congressmen we will have passed 180 to federal judges and then they say Obama wasn't such a wonderful president. How your wonderful president? How are you a wonderful president when the most important thing you can? Do you hand it over to the Republicans a hundred and forty-two? How is that going? I mean? How is that good? If I were a Democrat, I wouldn't be too happy about that number and we'll have a record number of judges by the time our term is over in 16 years, maybe 20 I'm only I'm only kidding, because every time I do that they say see, he's assuming control. We have this crazy guy on television and he goes. You know, he's talking to a guest. He goes, you know he's going to win, don't you, if you know he's going to win I mean we've done a good job. He should be happy, but he said our military, our schools, our this everything he says you know he's going to win and the guest goes won't know what we're gonna fight, we're gonna fight, no, no he's going to win and you know he's never leaving. You know that, don't you he's never he's! Never leaving he's never going to leave and I thought this wacko was kidding. You know, as a comedian, I thought he was kidding he's serious. He really believes that we passed for the veterans, VA choice and VA accountability on behalf of those grateful they've been trying to pass it for almost 50 years. They couldn't get it done, but those guys right there and me we got it done and to protect America's security. I went through the United States from the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear deal, I recognize Israel's, true capital and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem, and we also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. For years you watched as your politicians apologize for America you've seen it many times. Oh I'm. So sorry, now you have a president who's standing up for America and standing up for your great state of Texas. You must never forget the 2020 election is about one thing, and it's coming up fast. It's about you! It's about you! One thing about you, I'm doing this view. You know we had on 2016 I, really believe it was maybe the greatest election I guess: George Washington was good, but that was easy and by the way he did even better percentage was in judges. That I did he had 100 percent, but we could have 50 percent. That's not bad and I had many more than he had so I guess you got to give George Washington. What do you think Ted? You got to give him something. I'd say: yeah, Honest Abe. That was a pretty good election right. It's in they say are stopped Andrew Jackson, but Andrew Jackson was a good election, but we had among the greatest elections of all time, but we have to now cement that election to get a cement it, and once we do it's going to be very hard to take this beautiful experiment apart, because it's all about your family. It's all about your future and it's all about the future fate of our great country so aboard with your help. We will lift millions of more citizens from welfare-to-work dependence to independence and poverty to prosperity. Together, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a safe, modern, fair and lawful system of immigrants and by the way, thank you, Robert Jeffress, for being here wherever you may be in this massive. Wherever you are Robert. Where is he he got up? He started saying he may not be the greatest person. I said this is like four years ago, I see this guy, what a mouthpiece, this guy and he's a man of God- and he said he may not be the greatest. He may not be the most perfect Christian. He may not know the Bible as well as some of us, but he's a leader and I love. Donald Trump I said who is that guy I love that guy Robert Jeffery he's a great guy got a big big group of people on Sunday morning, Stu I can tell you we will enact trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with those beautiful words that beautiful phrase I love it made in the USA. We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine. Finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic in America in less than 10 years were doing that who would have believed we could do that. We're doing that and the previous administration spent no money on that and we're spending less, but think of that who would have thought that we're gonna end within 10 years, the AIDS epidemic in our country, who would have thought we've advanced, that we will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious liberty and the right to keep and bear arms. Above all, we will never stop fighting for the values that unite people all across our land and throughout the great state of Texas. This is a great start. We support, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement. Thank you. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true bedrock of our society. We believe in the Creed's of self-reliance, personal responsibility and American independence. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag, loyal citizens, like you, helped build this country and together we are taking back this country, our country. We love our country, we're returning power to you, the American people, that's what we've done from Dallas to El Paso from Houston to Austin from the Red River to the Rio Grande. This state was settled by some of the toughest men and strongest women ever to walk on the face of the earth Texas. This is the state where William, Travis, James, Bowie and Davy Crockett made their last stand at the Alamo. This is the state where a small band of patriots at the Battle of Gonzales, armed with a single cannon, stared down a foreign army and declared come and take it and Texas is the state where generations of farmers ranchers pioneers and oil workers built a life and a home with their own two beautiful hands. They didn't have a lot of money, they didn't have a lot of luxury, but they all had one thing in common: they loved their families, they loved their country and they loved their God. These courageous Texas patriots did not shed their blood, sweat and tears so that we could sit at home while others tried to erase their legacy, demolish our liberty and destroy our proud American heritage. We will never ever allow that to happen. With your help, your devotion and your drive. We are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning winning winning. We are one move, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God and together we will make America wealthy again. We will make America proud again. We will make America strong again, we will make America safe again and we will make America great again. Thank you. Texas.