From the President on down, we have communicated with the Turks on this issue. I spoke with Turkish defense minister, a car yesterday to express our strong opposition to turkeys, actions and reiterated the damage this is doing to our bilateral relationship. The chairman has similarly been in communication with his counterpart. As we previous reported. When turkey notified us of an imminent military operation, we relocated a small contingent of less than 50 Special Operations soldiers out of the immediate zone of attack. This decision was made to ensure American troops were not caught up in the fighting between Turkish and Kurdish forces. The safety of our men and women in uniform remains our top priority. As such, we are repositioning additional forces in the region to assist with force protection as necessary. The SDF also transferred to Isis militants known as the beetles who are involved in the kidnapping and murder of US and UK citizens in Syria to our custody. They are being held in a safe and secure location in the region, but outside of Syria. At this time, we have made no additional changes to our force posture in Syria, but we'll continue to assess the situation and our troop levels there to be clear. We are not abandoning our Kurdish partner forces and US troops remain with them in other parts of Syria. The impulsive action of president Erdogan to invade northern Syria has put the United States in a tough situation, given our relationship with our NATO ally Turkey, who has fought alongside the United States in the past, the Syrian democratic forces who helped us destroy the physical Caliphate of Isis and the safety of US military personnel. Rather than get pulled into this conflict, we put the welfare of our soldiers first, while urging Turkey to forgo its operation and working hard with us to address their concerns through the development of a security zone along the border. We remain in close coordination with the Syrian democratic forces who up this destroy the fiscal Caliphate of Isis, but I will not place American servicemembers in the middle of a long-standing conflict between the Turks and the Kurds. This is not why we are in Syria. We will continue work with the 80 members of the defeat Isis coalition and the Syrian democratic forces to sure that defeat of Isis turning to Iran, it is clear that the Iranians are responsible for the recent attacks on Saudi Arabian oil facilities. Our international partners agree, including the United Kingdom France and Germany, who have said so publicly, despite Iran's attempts to deny their involvement. The evidence recovered so far proves that Tehran is responsible for these attacks. Iran's continued malign behavior is part of its larger campaign to destabilize the Middle East and disrupt the global economy. Iran's attempts to use terror, intimidation and military force to advance its interests are inconsistent with international norms. Today I spoke with the Saudi Minister of Defense to discuss the status, a Saudi, Arabia's defensive capabilities and our ongoing efforts to protect our partners from further Iranian aggression. Saudi Arabia is a long-standing security partner in the Middle East and has asked for additional support to supplement their own defenses and defend the international rules-based order in response to continued threats in the region. I've ordered the deployment to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia of two additional fighter squadrons and supporting personnel along with additional Patriot and fat air and missile defense batteries taken together with other deployments, I've extended or authorized with them last month. This involves about 3,000 the United States forces, in fact, in response to Iranian provocation. Since May, the US has deployed an array of additional capabilities to the region, including airborne early warning aircraft, squadrons maritime patrol aircraft, squadrons Patriot air and missile defense batteries, b-52 bombers, a Carrier Strike Group, amphibious transport, dock, unmanned aircraft and engineering and support personnel. This has involved the deployment of about 14,000 additional US forces to the region. The US military has on alert additional army navy, marine and air force units to quickly provide increased capability in the region if necessary. The United States remains committed to protecting our allies, ensuring the free flow of resources needed to support the global economy and demonstrating our commitment to upholding the rules-based international order. I urge other like-minded countries, especially our allies in Europe, to follow the United States lead and join us with their own defensive assets to ensure stability in the region, as we continue to implement the national defense strategy. My aim for the department of defense is to remain operational in accordance with the concept of dynamic force employment. This deployment of troops is one example of how we will dynamically manage our force posture to align with the national priorities while meeting the challenges. Today's very complex security environment will soon employ naval forces, brigade, combat teams, bombers and other military capabilities in a similarly unpredictable fashion, to place the right force in the right location at the right time. Lastly, our ability to defend US personnel allies and interests abroad depends on predictable, adequate, sustained and timely funding from Congress. Regretfully, we are under under a continuing resolution once again: CRS caused great damage to military readiness and disrupt our ability to modernize our fuse forces for the future. I strongly urged Congress to pass a defense appropriations and authorization bill now, so we can move forward with the many important programs needed to ensure our readiness and deter our adversaries with that general Milley, and I would be happy to take your questions. Thank You, mr. secretary, you said that the US has not abandoned the SDF. Can you tell us whether or not ongoing operations against Isis have paused or slowed, or is the u.s. partnering with SDF continuing to do that in other areas? And mr. chairman, can you give us an assessment of the ongoing incursion by turkey into Syria? Have Turkish ground troops gone in and any large numbers, and is there any pushback or fighting back of any substance by the SDF I? Let the Chairman go first and speak to what's happening on the ground, then I'll, try and answer your your policy question. If you will so with respect to you asked two questions there. One is ongoing ops with the SDF we're still co-located with the SDF, with the exception of the two small outposts that we withdrew forces from in a force protection mode. As you know, the the entire frontage that of the turkish-syrian border is about 440 or so kilometers. The area of the incursion current Turkish incursion is about 125 kilometers, and it's on the west, as a village called talia bob and on the east is Reem. Those were that's where the two Opie's were so we've has drawn force from the elsewhere throughout all of Syria. We may know located with them. The SDF is still guarding prisoners in the area that have been detained over time, so we are still conducting operations. Obviously, this incursion that was initiated by the Turks has had some effect, but, yes, we are still co-located with the expected incursion itself. Right now, the Turks have conducted airstrikes with fixed wing manned aircraft, they've conducted airstrikes with unmanned aerial vehicles, UAVs in both a reconnaissance mode and an air strike mode, they've conducted artillery strikes and some direct fire from tanks on the northern side of the border and Turkish side of the border. As far as forces that are come south to our knowledge, it's been relatively limited in terms of ground forces. So we're talking about those two villages, east and west, of the what is called the security mechanism zone. They've come south on both sides with some Turkish military light infantry commando forces, as they call in coordination with the Free Syrian Army and you're, looking at numbers of Turkish military in the hundreds and maybe up to perhaps a thousand or something like that of the Syrian free army, they've advanced in the West somewhere in the region of, say, five to seven, perhaps ten kilometers and in the East, something like one to two to three kilometers. So the incursion on the ground is relatively limited, but the indirect fire strikes and the airstrikes continue. So, with regard to the broader question up and down the chain of command from President Trump to myself, secretary state Pompeo, German milli, our CENTCOM commander, others, we have spoke with all of our counterparts- urged them to stop this encouragement to inform the importance of doing so, because the destabilizing effects it's having throughout the region. The dramatic harm I fill, is being done. Thar by the a relationship I've also had a similar conversation with the nATO Secretary General Stoltenberg, updated him on a situation. I think you have seen that many of our NATO allies have come out and said the same. That Turkey must stop this incursion now, and that remains our message: stop let's get back to the status quo and let's work out the security mechanism, the safe zone, if you will to get back to something where we can separate the two forces. Mr. secretary us the Turks to stop in what you've described as a smother the concurrence and for have you seen any sign that they are stopping or slowing and if you're telling the tourists to stop. What are you telling the Syrian democratic forces we have? In my conversations with again as of yesterday with Minister Khar I have get no indication that they are willing to stop I'm, not surprised, because since I came into office in late July and I've had multiple engagements with him. This has been their consistent theme about the terrorist threat that they see from the PKK, the YPG etc how this is affecting their national security, etc, etc. They have been adamant about making this incursion and have been dissatisfied with the progress we made so I've, seen no lessening with regard to their commitment at this point in time, you want to comment on that. Well, with respect to the Turkish military I just got off the phone. Just shortly ago. My counterpart and multiple calls over the last several days and again I'm not seeing any indication of warnings of any planned stoppage of their military activity follow through on the what is what are US officials, US military, telling the Syrian democratic forces they should do in response to this incursion yeah right now we do have force I said co-located, we're asking them to continue their partnership with us and continue their a lot of. It is force protection of our forces and so on, and naturally there's a considerable amount of anxiety and I. Think you get a lot of that in your channels as well, and the leadership of the SDF has given instructions to some of their forces to begin to move north in order to defend what they think is their their territory and we're encouraging them not to overreact at this point and to try to tamp things down in order to allow some sort of diplomatic resolution to some of this um. Mr. chairman, could you please explain to us how you expect to safeguard these prisoners? These Islamic state prisoners, some 11,000, are being held in the event that the SDF decides as you've all said plainly before that they might decide to move away from them to defend their homelands and to the secretary or both of you has there been a decision yet on whether or not to backfill, or can you say whether or not you're going to backfill the USS Abraham Lincoln when it wraps up its deployment, and how does this latest announcement perhaps fit into that? Well, I'm not going to speak about operational deployments, particularly with regard to assets such as carriers, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we're at the early stages of a new concept of employment called dynamic force employment which would allow us to move systems like carriers in and out and around the world to allow us operational unpredictability, I think that's critical, so that we keep adversaries off-balance if you will and allow our allow us to react to emerging situations around the world. With regard to the this first matter, I'll just speak: we've been in contact, obviously with the the Turks I've communicated in the multiple times that they are responsible for the security of Isis fighters in these prisons. That is their their responsibility. If should there be, you know, release of some etc, and we continue to monitor that situation on the ground. We are obviously in contact with the SDF and German I. Think you had a conversation with your counterpart matter as well now, with respect to the prisoners. First of all, as I understand it, the United States has no legal responsibility for those detainees, and that is an issue for for lawyers to discuss, but but we, the US military, have no responsibility to the US military to secure those Isis prisoners in Syria. So that's the first point second point is: the SDF is still in control of the various prison sites that they have and, and we have no indication they're, not with the exception of the limited incursion zone and on the phone call that I just had with general Ghul. Are the the head of the Turkish military I confirm that he understands clearly that the Turkish military has responsibility not only for the prisoners but for collateral damage, humanitarian assistance, all the rest of it in the areas in which they are conducting a large-scale military operation? He acknowledged that and- and so that's right now, it's Turkish responsibility to secure those Isis prisoners in the zones of incursion. Mr. secretary, some of your own forces say that you have abandoned the Syrian Kurds. These are your partners against Isis they're, also asking for air support and a no-fly zone over the border. Will you provide that we have not abandoned the Kurds? Let me be clear about that. We have not abandoned and nobody green-lighted this operation by turkey, just the opposite. We pushed back very hard at all levels for the Turks not to commence this operation. The Lord knows they have opposed this relationship between the United States and the YPG, since its infancy in 2014. The Turks have opposed it all along the way, and so we should not be surprised that they finally acted. This way we have tried, at least since I, came into office two and half months ago, week after week to set up the security mechanism in order to try and address turkeys, legitimate security concerns with regard to the PKK, but clearly they are very concerned about this and have decided that they've reached a point where they could not accept it anymore and decide to make this incursion. Despite our efforts to stop them, will you continue to arm your Syrian Kurdish partners right now? The policies of the United States is to continue with our counter Isis campaign and we are continuing those operations except in that one area of the incursian. With respect to the sdz that you mentioned, there is no sdz that I'm aware of that allows us to conduct military operations in support of the kurds against the turks a 70 year, NATO ally the point you were making about Turkish responsibility for a minute. Um have you now, given the Turks either of you, gentlemen? Oh. Any kind of no strike list like do not strike these targets. This is where our people are and to follow-up. You had talked about repositioning some additional forces to ensure that US forces are safe, but you didn't indicate that they've gone into Syria. Can you tell us any more about what you are doing to try and protect US forces? In addition to those strength, questions so the no-strike, the Turkish military is fully aware down to explicit grid, coordinate detail of the locations of US forces and, and we have been in coordination with them through the chaos in CENTCOM at various levels, throughout simcom and personally at my level. So all levels of the chain of command may Mackenzie. Everybody is coordinating with the Turks to make sure that they know exactly where American forces are and- and everyone has been told throughout Syria and in the zones of incursion- and everyone is fully aware that we are the United States military. We retain the right of self-defense and our soldiers sailors, airmen Marines, will defend themselves, that's clear and it's unambiguous with anybody. Your second question about repositioning forces: the Secretary has authorized the cocom commander, CENTCOM commander John Mackenzie to reposition forces, as he deems necessary at a tactical operational level for the purpose of force, protection for US forces that are in this area. With regard to the first answer to determine where I'm not going to comment on that at this time. With regard to the first point, I reinforced those same two items with regard to my counterpart yesterday with regard to the no strike lists and with regard to Ameri right of self-defense. So first a question for you secretary there. My understanding is, there have been indications before that Turkey was going to come across the border to do some kind of border operation. What what is different now exactly that we have to move troops out of the way well, I we've been concerned about this again since I came in an office and I assumed my predecessors were as well. This was kind of job number one for me if you will working with Minister a car. My counterpart chairman Dunford, chairman milli, now with their counterparts to hold the Turks back from making this incursion they've had troops massed for some time now weeks easily, and so we thought we were making good progress on the security zone. We had begun, as you all know, joint ground and air patrols. We established a combined joint operation center in southern Turkey. We were exchanging information. We were doing all the things we agreed to do. I can't explain why they did what they did clearly its president Irwin felt the need at this point in time, as I said earlier since the beginning of this relationship between the United States and the and the YPG later the SDF under the Obama administration. This has been a long-standing concern, thorn in the side of turkeys and I. Guess they decide. It was time to act, perhaps clarify what of this deployment new deployment to Saudi Arabia? What was unplanned, my understanding is the two fighter squadrons were already supposed to rotate in, and the Patriot batteries and the THAAD battery were already. You know supposed to go in at some point. So can you say what was unplanned and what instant prompted this there's, this deployment of additional forces to Kingdom Saudi Arabia is for the purpose of defense, of our interests and assets in the region and also to reestablish deterrence with respect to Iran. In the wake of an attack on on Saudi Arabia, unplanned I'm, not sure what you're getting at there. We have forces who are on prepared to deploy orders and in reserves, that's where they came from and and they are deploying in addition to forces that are already there. Can you just explain what I know that fighter squadrons were already supposed to be in the Patriot batteries and the Fed and all those other forces? Well, there there's a difference between putting folks on deployment, orders and deploying them. That's the distinction here and we have a full with you know. Timeline of additional forces can flow into theater. We were taking this one step at a time. We've been concerned based on what we hear from partners and allies in the region about continued Iranian behavior. There are things we pick up. If you will, through intelligence, that we thought it was important to continue to deploy, forces to determine, to fend and to send the message to the Iranians do not strike another sovereign state do not threaten American interest, American forces or we will respond and I've said time and time again do not mistake our restraint for weakness. If you will, you will regret that. Thank you.