At a reception in Buckingham, Palace Prime, Minister Trudeau was chatting with French president Emmanuel macron Britain's Boris Johnson, the Dutch Prime Minister and Princess Anne cameras were in the room. This shows them from another angle, they're all talking and laughing on the video. It's mostly Trudeau, who is audible, they're all laughing, and while you can't hear anyone say, president Trump's name Trudeau later confirmed, that's who they were talking about. Trump had held a couple of long impromptu news conferences. Yesterday, by this morning, after the clip went, viral Trump was not amused. Well, he's too fast and honestly, with a nice guy, I find him to be a very nice guy. President Trump then canceled his final news conference saying he's answered plenty of questions and he went home. Mike look at or is traveling with the Prime Minister Mike, well Donna. What a difference a day makes 24 hours after the u.s. president cut Justin Trudeau some slack for a lack of defense spending. Donald Trump took aim at the prime minister for a video that emerged, showing Trudeau making fun of Trump with other world leaders. I find him to be a very nice guy, but you know the truth is that I called him out on the fact that he's not paying 2% and I guess he's not very happy about it's actually Trump who's unhappy with the Prime Minister that started with this video of Trudeau, seemingly joking about Trump with other world leaders, Tuesday night at Buckingham, Palace - to forum Wednesday, the president upped the ante he's too fast. The diplomatic slap brings back memories of the g7 in Charlevoix Quebec, when Trump called Trudeau, meek and dishonest, and when asked about the latest insult Trudeau sidestepped with a question I think people know that the relationship between Canada, the United States is deep and goes far beyond the relationship between Prime Minister and the president. Trudeau did try to explain one part of that video where he talked about Trump's aides, jaws, dropping in his meeting after the president announced the g7 will be held at Camp David every different leader has teams who every now and then have their jaws drop. At unscheduled surprises, like that video itself, you could say it's an admission of sorts that the video sent Trudeau's, team, scrambling and perhaps Trudeau was as well. He made a beeline for Trump before the meeting Wednesday morning, possibly to address the comments and smooth things over asked. If he's learned any lessons from the blunder at buckingham palace, Trudeau said he'll endeavour to keep the focus on substantive issues that are discussed at summits like NATO, in other words, less gossiping with other world leaders when the cameras might be around.