Thank you thank y'all, so much for coming here. It is longing for me to stand next to you today together in this fight, and it is great to be in Los Angeles in California and I. I would say a special thank you to you. Organizers. We recognize we are the village of la is younger. The people were injured at Han now we are often called Karenina tongra, who entire Los Angeles base. Earlier this week, I visited paradise in California and I met with survivors, who showed me around the devastation Street. Hopefully you would know houses I, heard heartbreaking stories. 18,000 buildings were destroyed and at least a six people died. Today in California we see the wildfires happening just on the corner. Bonfires are being intensified by the climate crisis, but it's not just here everywhere around the world. Would you see these horrible environmental feedbacks that countless of people are suffering and dying from right? Now we are living in the beginning, the climate and ecological breakdown, and we cannot continue to look away from this crisis anymore. I mean what is it that seem to your heart so hard to understand. We have been repeating the same message over and over again the scientists have been repeating the same message over and over and over again, and yet they are still not being listened to. It is the year 2019. Why is the world still ignoring the science and those wills affected by this crisis? Why are the people in power still pretending that everything is fine and we can just continue to live like now as if there was no tomorrow? Well, there is tomorrow is this world, but we some people will live and we need to fight for that tomorrow and we need to protect this as if our lives depended on it, because it does. People are already suffering and dying from the climate and ecological emergency, and it will continue to get worse. Doesn't it mean anything to the decision-makers? We won't I will never understand how they can put short-term interests above human lives above the planet itself in our very future, but we, young people have had enough, we say no more and if our parents won't speak up for us that we will. We are draw the line and we will make sure the people in power don't get away with continuing right now the older generations are failing us, they are failing future generations, but future generations do not have a voice and the biosphere doesn't have a voice. So we will be the voice that speaks up and we will be the voice speeds up for ourselves that right now, that is what we are doing. We are speaking up, and that is what we will continue to do. Every Friday we will strike and every single day we are speaking up and we will not be silenced. Do you think they are listening to us? We will make them listen. Thank you.