Hello I'm Mercedes Stevenson, and this is the West block politics, perspectives and players. Party leaders have spent the past few critical days of the campaign Criss crossing the country making their final pitch to voters, but they've also been making threats. Saying that if you vote for the competition, you could vote for government cuts joining me now to discuss the strategies as we head into the last 24 hour, - before people clasp their votes, Richard Mahoney for the liberal spread, - Laurie for the Conservatives and Ann McGrath for the NDP lots of misinformation on the campaign trail this week from the Liberals, claiming that the Tories are going to put guns in the streets - the Conservatives, claiming that the Liberals are going to form a coalition with the NDP and raise the GST. There's no suggestion in any of the parties platforms that these are our situations that could remotely take place. But does it stick this close to the election in terms of scaring people? Fred well, I. Think it's important for Canadians understand what voting liberal and NDP means right now. The Liberals are running record deficits, billions of billions of overspending and if they make a deal with the NDP to prop them up, it sort of be billions and billions or more there's, not enough money in the Treasury. So the only way for them to afford this is to raise taxes, and that includes the GST, and if that's not the plan, they're going to do if they're not going to raise. That's your interpretation. Well, the alternative is they're going to be cutting transfers to the provinces like they did in the 90s, which will have a huge impact on health and education. There's not enough money in the Treasury for Richard well, I mean, first of all the Liberals that costs nowhere in the platform. But your party is doing the same thing. I, don't think it's the same thing. I, don't think it's an equivalency. I mean election campaigns are gonna, be full of lots of claims about the others are going to do. What Mr Shearer has done is tell us where 55 billion dollars of cuts have to be made. But worse it. You know and we're saying yes exactly told us exactly how he's gonna achieve those cuts so on the gun, control issue that he has promised and has for some years promised to relax some of our gun laws woes were proposing to tough them up. I think what's happening here, though, on things like this MADD GST claimed they've made is obviously its last days it's a very close election everybody's trying to get you know those last-minute people to change their votes, but really what Mr Shearer is doing and he's been doing it the whole campaign. He plays more to his base, a base that doesn't like Justin Trudeau very much, obviously in order to motivate them to come out, as opposed to trying to appeal to that wider swath of the Canadians who are trying to make their mind up and looking for a leader who brings people together. Mr Shearer has run a campaign and will see what are not election it, whether it works where he constantly motivates the conservative base. Rather than trying to say how am I going to knit a country together and an economic plan to that's gonna work for people, so we'll see how that goes, I III don't think it's gonna work and one of the things that we've seen is the Liberals trying to scare people out of voting for the NDP saying the vote for the NDP is in fact a vote for the Conservatives, the NDP leader, judgement. Singh has said that he won't support a Conservative government. Why do you think it is that the idea of a coalition is a dirty word or scary to people in Canada? Well, first of all, I think that there's a lot of speculation and mythical thinking I think truth is having a very bad moment right now and and I think that sometimes these things I think do appeal to the most committed partisans, whether there's any basis, in fact at all, and maybe some other places in social media that they might resonate with people who, maybe don't have all the information. But I do I, do think that for her, the NDP and Janet Singh, the key is not to get down in the mud on these things and to stay as relentlessly optimistic and hopeful as they have been during this entire campaign and I. Think that's why the NDP is having a good moment right now, but and has Singh tied his hands by saying in the past that he wouldn't support the Conservatives he kind of scoffed at the idea of the Conservatives on the campaign trail last week. Does that put him in a position where he's now lost his power? If there's a conservative minority he's sticking to his principles, you know I mean I, don't think anybody ever thought that we would have much common ground with the Conservatives. Certainly our voters don't are not looking for us to do anything significant with the Conservatives and he has said that he's open to all sorts of all sorts of other alternatives and working with other parties, but he has also been very clear that he is running to be Prime Minister, we're running to be a government and whatever shape Parliament takes. You know whether it's a minority or you know any other kind of arrangements or a majority. We will work with other parties to get the things that we have identified as the urgent priorities that Canadians need in areas like pharmacare housing, climate change, Fred. If the Conservatives win, they don't seem to have a natural ally. You haven't had a party like in the other cases, what the Liberals come forward and say they would consider ally and supporting with them. Do you think that that turns voters off choosing the Conservatives tomorrow? Well, I! Think if you look at the history of this country, some of the most successful governments we've had were conservative, minority governments and, most recently the ones we just had. We don't have natural allies, it's true and we have to work piece by piece. Each legislation with the other parties and we've proven very capable of doing that and that could be worked out very well for Canadians Richard. If the Liberals get in tomorrow and a lot of people are speculating, could be conservative minority could be a liberal minority, no matter what it looks like a minority. Let's say Justin Trudeau doesn't get that many seats now he still is the prime minister by convention, which means he has the first chance to form government are the Liberals and conversations right now with the NDP or with the Greens to try to figure out a situation where they could get together, and we could see a situation where there's NDP or green cabinet ministers in a liberal minority government it becomes coalition I, don't think so. I, don't think those conversations are going on because I think all those parties, conservatives, liberals and Democrats the Greens are all working as hard as they can to get their vote out on Monday and to focus on those switchers. I will say this though I mean I, think you're right. It is a close election, so the chances of minority are high. I thought it was a shrewd move to go back to what Ann said for mr. Singh to say what he said, because what he's trying to convince people is. There is no risk here. If you vote for me or if you vote for the Liberals, we have the same view on on a lot of issues. We won't support the Conservatives. That means he's what he's trying to say to people's. Don't worry too much about this and I think that was a shrewd move. What that has is an impact? I don't know, but no there's no discussions going on I, don't think there will be and we'll see what Canadians deliver up on Monday night. If they do a minority, then I think all the parties are gonna have to figure. What kind of you know how they win? The support in conference at the house enable the government so we'll see what happens, but it does look I. Think you're right, it looks like it's gonna, be a close one and quite possibly already government. Let's talk about what happens to the different leaders tomorrow night when those results start to come in Fred does Andrew Shearer survive this if he doesn't manage to come out with at least a minority tomorrow? Well, okay, it's very rare to take down a one-term government so for mr. Shearer. If he can bring Trudeau down to a minority government, even I think that's a huge success for mr. Shearer and he should stay on and I would encourage them to do so at. At the same time, though, I do think the you know what I'm hearing from the campaign is, that we're feeling very good and that the Conservatives should win the most seats tomorrow, night and I. Think mr. Singh probably has the perhaps most successful night of the leaders versus what he was expected to get at the beginning of the campaign and what he's getting at the end of the campaign. If his support, which has been rising, translates into votes, what does he need to do? Come Monday night to get the NDP a seat at the table and to establish himself as a leader? Well, let's just look at the story of this campaign. Mercedes I mean we went into this campaign with the Liberals knocking on me on the edge of a majority government, with the Conservatives feeling very confident and aggressive, and their ability to knock that off and replace them with the Green Party, showing signs of promise real signs of promise, with the block being sort of nowhere on anybody's radar and with the NDP being perceived as dead in the water, and that is none of that is what has happened. The Liberals are not knocking on the edge of a majority there they're desperately trying to cling to the possibility, I think of a minority government right now. The Conservatives look like they're looking for a minority government. The numbers for both those parties have come down significantly since the beginning of the campaign. The block is having a resurgence. The the Green Party looks like it's. It has been fizzling out in many ways and the NDP is had a very good campaign and is looking like it's. It's gonna be playing a very significant role in whatever election, whatever happens as a result of the election on Monday night. So it's a very, very interesting story that this campaign is delivered for us and we'll see what the result is. Richard does Justin Trudeau survive if he doesn't come out of this with at least a minority tomorrow. It would be only the third time in Canadian history that a government that came in with a majority mandate was defeated after a first term. If that happens, yeah I, don't think that will happen. But of course yes, I think he'll survive. I. Think mr. Trudeau's is a is a politician with a lot of gifts. He has been a faced attack and it's been a tough campaign for him he's faced attack from all sides. You have people like Mr Shearer this week. Saying he's gonna form a majority government I, don't think that's gonna happen I. You know if I had to make a prediction. I do think it's much closer than maybe many people would like. But if I had to make a prediction, I'd problem I would say this I think the Liberals gonna win the most seats on Monday night and I. Think mr. Trudeau will then have to figure out what there's a majority-minority, how he actually puts together a government but no I think I. Think mr. Trudeau is a leader with lots of political gifts and I suspect we'll be. You know, we'll see on Monday night and Tuesday. What follows, but I, suspect he'll be forming a government and and implementing his agenda in the best way you can. How does the resurgence of the bloc change all of this when MPs come back to Parliament and they're, really back on the radar for the first time in many many years in federal politics? It's a big change. I'll start on that one I mean I, think that we were talking majority-minority. One of the reasons why a majority is gonna be very difficult for any party, but particular is because of the resurgence of the bloc in Quebec seems to me, like they have almost got a mandate from people to say whatever people think in Quebec about Bill 21 Quebecers are United that the rest of the country doesn't get to tell them how to roll with that thing, and so that is is going to make for a divided Parliament. It is going to make the next prime minister as job Prime, Minister, Trudeau I, would hope a job, a lot more difficult because he's going to be facing that, but I mean that I think the important thing for the rest of us understands: that's not a mandate from Quebecers to push for separation. It's a mandate for Quebecers to be matress a new on on issues of how they're gonna build their society, so it'll be tough, but I mean that's. Why we elect prime ministers, it's tough work and they'll have to get you know. They'll have to do it for Ed any chance that the Conservatives will be able to get support from the block again, any conservative Ehrman will be looking piece by piece with every legislation with all parties they've, you know certainly no deal or any type of formal cooperation with with any of them. I'm sure, and particularly in the block I mean the last time. The block Reverend negotiations with political parties is when the Liberals and the NDP we're willing to join a coalition with them. You won't be seeing that, with their percentage moments of working with the block, Authority Parliament to divert coalition marginal Prime Minister, so the other thing that's interesting to note here is that, at whatever shape, the Parliament takes. I think that the aside from the bloc, the only party that isn't looking like it's gonna, have some leadership issues is the NDP I mean I. Think jag, neat Singh has solidified his leadership throughout this campaign, and I think that there are questions about the leadership of other parties, and so that has an impact on what kind of arrangements might be made following. You know if one of either the Conservatives or the Liberals go into a leadership, either leadership, crisis or leadership race, that that has something that that has an impact on when they can go to the next election. Okay, we have to wrap it up. There I'm sure we'll be keeping a close eye on this tomorrow night as we find out who will be the next government of Canada. Thank you so much to our strats for joining us throughout the election. Thank you. Thank you. That's all the time we have for today for the West block, I'm Mercedes Stevenson.