Hello I'm Mercedes Stevenson, and this is the West block politics, perspectives and players, political war rooms, it's the center of operations for an election campaign. It is here where decisions are made that determine how party leaders respond to events, how events will be staged and what their attack strategy will be against their political opponents. So who determines the makeup of a war room anyhow and how it will operate during the campaign today, perspectives from three war room strategists who know the drill and McGrath for the NDP Fred de Laurie for the Conservatives and Richard Mahoney for the Liberals. My name is Fred de Laurie I'm, a conservative strategist, okay, hi I'm, Ann, McGrath and I'm, a longtime NDP, strategist and campaigner and advisor hi. My name is Richard Matheny I'm, a longtime liberal campaign strategist to run campaigns at the federal provincial level, so war room is a part of the campaign office. Sometimes they're, they're kind of confused amongst each other campaign offices were the entire national campaign, would would sit with tour rapid-response target seats, field operations and the management. The war room is the Rapid Response part of the of the campaign office in which you have a number of staff. It could be five to thirty that are sitting in are usually one room, TV screens all over the place, they're tracking everything that's going on across the country, news, wise and politics. Wise they've got their laptops up and they're the ones that are they're the Rapid Response Team for the for the campaign, they're, the ones that are looking tracking, the other leaders and and, of course, the roam leader. What you do is you look at who's. Who's got some experience who are the up and comers, because you want to have the mix in a war room because it has to be. It has to be a vibrant place that has to be energetic. It has to have a lot of ideas that are generated in it. So you want to look for that mix of experience and bright young new, enthusiastic campaigners, who have something to say and often have some really creative ideas and we've Liberal Party has looked at at the federal provincial level. How other parties have done it and so forth? In fact, a lot of that was inspired by a great documentary called the war on the 1992 Clinton campaign, which actually because they let the cameras in maybe when they shouldn't have showed a lot of people that things had really modernized that the the rate of response, even back then that was required was so fast that you had to really change the way you worked, and so that's been happening. I think, all the time- and today you know you've the story's developed so quickly. You can get the kernel of a story that breaks in the morning kind of morphed into a totally different story across the country by midday or even earlier. The rapper respond to the war room is set up to contrast with your opponents. There's some call it attack and also to defend your meter and campaign team. I would say all the worms are actually pretty well functionally the same they're all set up very similarly, they all have the same tasks at hand. I, don't think there'd be a different, much of a difference between any of them. They're, quite interchangeable. You know the news that day, you know when you know, when you've been able to knock another campaign off their game. That's always a kind of an interesting day, and you you know by the feel of it like so. For instance, you know a headquarters in a war room that is on its game. Has a kind of a buzzy feel there's a there's, a lot of ideas going around people feel kind of enthusiastic and energetic and happy with with their accomplishments. So you can really tell I mean it's just like there's a buzz in the room. There are so many things that go into an election campaign. How a leader connects how he performs extraneous events that happen in the course of a campaign every day that you don't see coming, but basically the war room is key, but you're smart, really seasoned people they're looking for things to do to make sure that your message gets out there and things that you know you might need to defend against when your opponents are attacking you, so that all happens in a kind of collective energize. Sometimes coffee, fueled sort of group, so yeah I mean I. You can never say what is the one thing to want to campaign or war lost a campaign, but as that film shows you it was that kind of creative smarts around that around that team. That probably did a lot to deal with you there. So it's hard to know, but a key part of it. That's all the time we have for today thanks so much for joining us for the West block, I'm Mercedes Stevenson.