Toilets you've seen them before, especially ones that look like this, but they also come in other shapes and sizes like this one or this or this or even this, but in many parts of the world like Central and South, Asia, Africa, Latin, America and Oceania toilets. Look like this they're about 4.2 billion people living in the world without safely man and sanitation. That's more than half the world's total population about 673 million people are practicing open, defecation! That's when people choose to do their business in fields, bushes and open bodies of water instead of toilets, mostly because they either don't have access to toilets, they are too far away from them or the ones that are available to them aren't safe to use where you can go other people, essentially, if you, if you have to you, know, go out early in the morning or late at night to find that there is a risk in some situations, especially for women, girls, sexual harassment. You know we shouldn't in many in many households we have young children and elderly people and we have people with disabilities who really struggle an adequate sanitation, leads to diarrheal diseases, and every year over 500,000 children under the age of 5 died because of it a significant amount of those diseases would be preventative. Safe, drinking water, adequate sanitation and hygiene were accessible to help the sanitation crisis around the world. Many eight organizations believe in spreading awareness and that's how World Toilet Day came into existence in 2001, the World Toilet organization, a global nonprofit organization coined this concept to raise awareness for sanitation issues around the world. In 2013, the United Nations adopted the state and since then, they've been holding World Toilet Day every year on November 19. The campaign has helped raise awareness, awareness among members among governments and in communities, etc. It has actually made it more likely that people will talk about. The issues are employment, because it is one of the big issues that we have is that it's a taboo subject and the awareness that spread around the world has led to impact the United Nations started. Collecting data on sanitation, defecation and hygiene in 2000 and here's what they found so far. Central and South Asia have seen the biggest improvements in open, defecation and the UN says this is thanks to the awareness that's been raised. An action from the government Africa has also seen significant improvements in NGOs, but there's still a long way to go examples. So wait something: okay, you know other countries can learn from and can try to replicate. Also, you know a number of countries where you know we see people in the UN hopes to continue shedding light on the lack of access to toilets. Their hope is to achieve sanitation for all by 2030.