Welcome to living in color, I'm, your host, Farah Nasser, and today we're talking about internalized racism, what it is, how someone can learn self hate for their own racial community and we're going to ask our guests how they think internalized racism could be unlearned. Today, I'm joined by University of Toronto, professor Girish Taurani & Collect by the son, who is a writer and communications professional both of you. Thank you so much for being here. Let's get right into this, because this is an interesting notion that I think a lot of people might not understand, but Girish all started with you. What is internalized racism well for me, internalized racism is when people when we internalize the derogatory categories and ideas about race that some people hold and create as forms of knowledge that seem to be real, but are not real, they actually constructed, but although they are constructed, they have become real over many many years, including through colonialism. Okay, let's talk about how this affects the individual and also the community I like to talk about your personal community as well. Well, so, for me, internalized racism and just echoing what Girish? Just talked about is there's a way in terms of like defining your own kind of being and then measuring yourself constantly against how you stack up right in the context of Canada, for instance. So when I I came in Canada at the turn of 2015 16 years old and I came here as an immigrant as a refugee, but and so these notions of white supremacy- and you know colonialism and all of those notions were very like I, wasn't aware of them at all. But I could like very kind of subtly, take these cues from the dominant cultures around me. So even if it meant something like you know during lunch hour, not wanting to sit with people who are recently arrived, you know associating them as somehow a little less ideal. You know trying to get rid of my accent or being conscious of it not wanting to wear traditional clothes. You know not wanting to bring your own food. You know things like that. I think those are all like different ways in which we, you know, try to assimilate and integrate into the around us whatever that means, and then you take me beyond, like you said, to the larger community, you know I think, especially when it comes to notions of anti blackness Islamophobia homophobia. All these different prejudices that get played out are definitely reproduced within our communities, but we don't talk about them enough. How, and why do you think it happens? Internalized racism I mean how does it? How does it come to be in your opinion? I will say and not as an excuse, but just as a way of informing myself like a desire to belong and a desire to somehow you know climb the rungs of society in some ways and if that means trying to diminish certain aspects of myself or trying to diminish aspects that I, don't think are ideal in myself, where in others, I think that's how it first steps in just just need to want to belong and then, but we're not really sure what that means, and so we're grasping. When we look at generations ago and I mean you study, you study, human human behavior, I mean there is always being a need to belong. Has there always been this type of kind of grouping? Is one group being more superior for people thinking that well I mean they always have been some kinds of classification of how we are separate from each other in some way, so the idea of group belonging or groupthink is there, but then, at the same time, race is a more recent construction and internalized. Racism is actually so sub subconscious and so happens so unconsciously that that we actually affects us in ways that we don't actually realize so. The impact of of unconscious racism or internalized racism has long-lasting effects in people in the way that they see themselves according to the values that have been prescribed by a dominant culture or a dominant group. So it's not just about whiteness it. Could the dominant group could be a non-white group who set the values in terms of all the other conditions in which one would be valued more than the other? What are some of the examples that you speak of when you, when you're talking about kind of almost self hate and and things that people might do or might not realize that they're doing or thinking? Well, you think about how standards of beauty and skin whitening creams in south in Africa, so I work in Ghana, I'm of South Asian background I grew up in Singapore and in all these places you find that the shades of one's brownness, the shades of one's blackness, the shades of one's skin matter. At the same time, you have skin whitening, creams and ideas of fairness, which are standards of so-called beauty of which, without you cannot afford to be called beautiful or get a good job or get married, and so on. You have the ideas of beauty which apply to places in Africa and South Asia and Southeast Asia, where whiteness is seen to be the highest standard of beauty. To both of you. Do you think this is this? Is the more dangerous or worse or as bad as just regular racism? This internal race is I mean how does it compare with? In this whole conversation the for me the again the larger pictures again, the dominant ideologies and the inequities that we have right, which is about white supremacy, which is settler, colonial violence and all of those things. So for me, it's a way to always Center those and then figuring out how I am situated in that power inequity. Every time like I have to question myself and you know, question my privileges right. Yes, I came here as a refugee as a Tibetan refugee as a direct result of the occupation of my homeland, but at the same time, I'm also straight I'm, cisgendered I'm, able-bodied, neurotypical I came up in a pretty middle-class upbringing. You know, I, don't have a bad form of accent right. These are all things that I have to be constantly aware of, so that in in doing so, I hope I can have a clearer view of my standing and in this society, and so to your question about whether internalized racism is worse than regular, racism, I think it's a dance right and I and I think. Obviously, you know the the the white supremacy and how it functions and whose powers it holds and everything is paramount, but we have to also understand how we are complicit in that well, I mean yeah I mean closing the door to those behind us right or a you know, back in the day and the times of slavery. Somebody who works in the house ratting out somebody who is working in the fields like you know that kind of thing to make sure that they're at a point of privilege, how does that stack up I think they work hand in hand like, like you said, very well, it's a dance, I think the internalized racism is harder to get to, though, because it's not something that the person the individual can see. I have a friend who has a PhD and who's very intelligent, and is you know in a very high position? She's black? She grew up in a white part of Canada, so all her friends were white. Oh all the institutions in which she went to school were dominated by white people. She only recently came to the realization that she had unconscious bias against black people. Now this is at a very much later stage in in her life and someone who is very highly educated and who has achieved a lot in their life. How do you? How do you get a grip of that? How do you deal with that? Personally, when you realize that, even though you self-identify as black that you've unconsciously held biases against black people and that's not uncommon, that is, there's a movie coming out called I, think I believe it's called farming, it's about a Nigerian boy, who's farmed out by his family, to the UK and brought out by working-class white British people. He grew up but to be the leader of a neo-nazi gang, so he hated non-white people, but by the time he joined this gang, as you could see, it's a real movie based on real life and the directors, the actual person who went through this, and these like these cases, might seem far and few between but they're, not they actually to a different degree. We all have internalized certain assumptions about ourselves based upon the color of our skin, which we feel is a problem in some way. It's not. Let me ask you, though, I want to pick up on a point that you said: can we unlearn this behavior? Can we change ourselves to expose our own unconscious bias, but also unlearn, this internalized form of racism? Of course we can how we have to come to the realization first, that we hold unconscious bias, but not just use it as a way to then carry on as let as if life was like it was before. We have to also unlearn it in way that is very uncomfortable. It's not going to be a comfortable experience. It forces you to see that not only that you're not perfect, but that you've actually been hating on and hating people who look like you or who are like you for the very fact that you see yourself as being better than them, based upon the standards of others who have always viewed you as being inferior. We start to read about it. There's an unconscious bias test online that you can take, and it just shows you whether or not you have how much unconscious bias you have towards people of color like I'll turn it over to you. How did you feel, like you got over any internalized by a Caesar racism I? Think it's an it's an ongoing conversation with myself and with my family members with my community members, because that's where I can really start right. We meet when they're pointing out truths about ourselves, and you know we use examples of individuals, but I think we. We also see the like again, I come back to communities and how, for instance, a couple of years ago, the Chinese community. There were certain aspects of Chinese community and Markham station and immigrant rally for me, which was it was incredible. Like a lot of these people came through because of the immigration process we have in Canada, because certain people believed that immigrants are, you know they and refugees are our desire, they need asylum and they need support. And then these worst thing people are now closing the doors behind them. So it's needing to kind of confront that kind of ideology which is toxic for me, which is selfish, which is very base and I. Think like I, always kind of you know, think about how you can't you know, lift yours, lift yourself without lifting others, and the great quote that the American civil rights leader, Fannie Lou, Hamer, that nobody's free until everybody's free right, I think that's how you kind of that's one of the mantras that I think for me. You know, informs my work and my life here in Canada, I love. It I think we should end with that quote. Thank you both so much for your insight or your personal experiences and for shining a light on this topic. Thanks again, thank you and thank you for watching living in color. Thank you for watching livin in color. If you enjoyed the show, please subscribe to our YouTube channel and if you have an idea for a future living in color episode, we'd love to hear your thoughts. Please leave them in the comment section.