I'm announcing the House of Representatives moving forward with an official impeachment inquiry, that's Nancy Pelosi the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, calling for an official impeachment inquiry against President Donald Trump. But what does that mean? And how close are we to an actual impeachment? The short answer were not close. An official impeachment inquiry is just step one. The inquiry is launched to officially investigate the president for potentially breaching the law and policies. Six different committees, including the Judiciary Committee, will bring forward their strongest cases which may point to these breaches. Those results will be analyzed by the judiciary committee. We may see some additional focus on some of this investigative information that other committees have come up with and then I think the next question after that is, will the Judiciary Committee choose to do what's called report out articles of impeachment to the full house? At this point, the Judiciary Committee will either vote in favor or against the idea of releasing a report. It would be the decision by the House Judiciary Committee to have a vote in committee to send articles of impeachment. It's the delineation of what conduct they believe the president has engaged in that constitutes grounds for impeachment. If the Judiciary Committee votes against the idea, the official impeachment inquiry ends. If they decide to vote in favor of releasing a report, then the report goes to the House of Representatives, a group consisting of 435 members. The House of Representatives would then go through the report and vote to either approve or disregard the breaches committed by the president. If the house chose to approve one or more of those articles, then they would go over to the Senate where there would be a trial. So you can think of this a little bit like the decision by a grand jury to indict someone on for a particular crime. The Senate, which consists of 100 members, would then vote and decide whether or not the president should be removed from office. An official impeachment inquiry was also done against President Nixon in 1973 and president Clinton in 1998.