I'm almost tempted to ask you, since you know you can't lie to Congress when you were compared to mr. Trump. Did you take that as a compliment? No I, don't answer? There was a joke, a chairman and chief executive officer of Facebook. This is mr. Zuckerberg first appearance before this committee, but I believe that mr. Zuckerberg needs no introduction. Thank You chairwoman waters ranking member McHenry and members of the committee. There are more than a billion people around the world who don't have access to a bank account, but could through mobile phones if the right system existed, and that includes more than 14 million people right here in the u.s. being shut out of the financial system, has real consequences for people's lives and it's often the most disadvantaged people who pay the highest price I believe that this problem can be solved and Libra can help. I have a few more things to say, but for the richest man in the world to come here and hide behind the poorest people in the world and say that's who you're really trying to help you're trying to help those for whom the dollar is not a good currency, drug dealers, terrorists, tax evaders last hearing on Libre, for example, was a moment when members of Congress on this dais actually compared the technology that technology of Libre to the terrorist attacks of September 11th. Will the gentleman yield look. I have my own face nice comment. Even you, the time belongs to the gentleman from North Carolina. Thank you for taking the bait, don't forgot to answer it, but let's be clear: you're gonna be making powerful burglary tools and letting your business partners commit the burglary. You are going with all the power of Facebook to try to create a new currency, you're gonna call it the Libre but you're the person behind it. That's why it's called I call it the suck buck. You are going to create it and then say: oh, it's, our business partners. Your white paper says your business partners. Are going to use your tool to have anonymous accounts, and then you have the all to come here and say: you're gonna follow all the know, your customer. How do you know your customer with an anonymous account? You plan on doing no fact-checking on political ads chairwoman. Our our policy is that we do not fact check politicians, speech and the reason for that is that we believe that in a democracy it is important that people can see for themselves what politicians are saying you know Sri cently, that the official policy of Facebook now allows politicians to pay to spread. Disinformation could I run ads targeting Republicans in primaries, saying that they voted for the green New Deal would I be able to run advertisements on Facebook targeting Republicans in primaries, saying that they voted for the green New Deal I mean if you're, not fact-checking political advertisements, I'm just trying to understand the bounds here. I I, don't know the answer to that off the top of my head I think so you don't know if I'll be able to do that. Do you see a potential problem here with a complete lack of fact-checking on political advertisements? Well, congresswoman I think lying is bad and I. Think if you were to run an ad that had a lie, that would be bad, you won't take down lies or you will take down, lies so I think it's just a pretty simple. Yes or no do you? Have you learned that you should not lie? Congresswoman I would disagree with the characterization. Well I say you went to the European regulators and you said that it will not linked it will not that that it will be impossible and yet 18 months later it happened, and you were fine for that congressman. So let's continue I hope that you learned something about that about not lying. So let me ask you this: do you know what red lining is? Yes, okay, then you should have known better and maybe, if you had real diversity or inclusion on your team, somebody in that room would have said what you were doing when you looked at what you were doing in the housing, how you were redlining or using zip codes and to eliminate people from getting information. I think we should probably phrase it a little differently that you work with civil rights. Work is because, as a result of the number of lawsuits that you've had in double-a-c-p, do you know what percentage of african-americans are on Facebook in comparison to majority folks, do you know what the percentages are people using the Facebook? Yes, do you know what the percentages are for? African-Americans I? Don't because we don't collect the racism; well, the it it came out in a report and in the Pew Research Center that was sent to you. So maybe you just don't read a lot of things that deal with civil rights or African Americans, Libre that the currency is in the wallet calibra. Yes calibra! Oh, oh, it's like me having my money in Wells, Fargo Bank. You could think about it! That way, although we're not a bank we're not applying for a bank charter, I've heerd, the right analogy- that's the problem. This is a mr. Zuckerberg. That's the problem! That's what we're facing here, and this was the same place where I ran into kind of trying to understand what this thing is that you all are creating and I appreciate creation, I'd like it to stay in America and not go to Switzerland. Mr. Zuckerberg I am, as you know, Facebook can be sometimes an unkind place both toward my personal appearance and today, apparently towards your haircut but I. Just was a mother of a teenage boy. I just want to say thanks for modeling, the short cut you've got about 15,000 contractors watching murders, stabbings suicides, other gruesome disgusting videos for content, moderation, correct congressman, yes, I believe that that's correct um, according to one report I have- and this is straight out of an episode of Black Mirror. These workers get nine-nine minutes of supervised, dwell --mess time per day. That means nine minutes to cry in this stairwell. While somebody watches them, would you be willing to commit to spending one hour a day for the next year, watching these videos and acting as a Content monitor and only accessing accessing the same benefits available to your workers congresswoman? We we work hard to make sure that we give good benefits to all the folks who are doing mr. Zuckerberg we're cleaning my time. I would appreciate it yes or no, would you be willing to act as a Content Manager have that life experience I'm, not sure that it would best serve our community for me to spend my time. Mr. Zuckerberg, are you saying you're not qualified to be a Content monitor? No congresswoman? That's not what I'm saying my first question is simple, but very thought-provoking: how realistic of betrayal' was the social network.